You can be just as miserable with me as you can on your own. My time is already here. You're going to have to live with it. No, David. I don't think so. I can certainly arrange for you to work with Leo. You will not regret this. Something's changed. You look trapped. You don't want a wedding now? Shut up. What I have to do now is the hardest part I have to leave you behind before I lose my courage forever. I love you, Ryan. I always will. I love you, too, Princess. Gillian - Have his vitals changed at all? Not since we found him, Dr. Martin. His BP and heart rates are up a little, nothing too worrisome. He's got a nasty bump on his head. Uh-huh. Has Keppler answered his page yet? No. I'll call down to Neurology again. Never like this. Pager beeps What's up, Tad? Whoa, whoa, settle down there, Sparky. Come on, now. And don't even act like you ain't never seen me before. That's how you ended up here, all sprawled out like some old fart. Who the hell are you? Oh, man, look at you, coming at me all incorrect. Oh, by the way, I'm sorry I had to slap you around a little bit back there, but you was about to make a serious bonehead move. Had to stop you. Oh, and hitting your head? That was your own damn fault. You always was a little clumsy, eh? All right, fine. I don't know who you are. I don't give a damn. The only thing that concerns me now is that you obviously get your jollies hanging around hospitals, impersonating people that have been dead for over 10 years. that long. Whatever. Look, you was about to crack that man's head open with a hammer. What, you want to spend three billion light-years roaming around in a ball of confusion when you step off this level, huh? I don't think so. How did you know that? Tad? Dad, thank God. What is it? What's wrong? That is. You don't like the painting? It's a nice painting. Jake? Busy? Uh, yes and no. Did you come to see me? Well, I don't know anyone else here. Actually, I wanted to talk to you. Oh. What did you hear? What do you mean? There's something to hear? You just here to say hi? No, no, no, no. I don't want to be your conscience. I didn't come here to talk me? Yeah. Yeah, sure. All right, cut to the chorus One, two, three, four s Whoo Excellent Do you speak any French really? Does it matter? Not to me. So, you're still buying a round for the house? Did I not say that if the patrons of this fine New York establishment would join me in a rousing chorus of the beloved motherland's national anthem So, you're from France. Is that what you're saying? I promised that if these patrons here in this bar would join me in singing the French National Anthem La Marseilles La Marseilles All right I promised that if everyone sang along with me that I would buy everybody drinks. All right Yeah All right French champagne or beer Whatever you want All right Drink up So, aren't you glad you picked me up? Well, you didn't seem like the usual hitchhiker. How many girls from New York City actually have cars? Is my luck changing or what? Well, you didn't say where you were hitching from exactly. No man's land. And where are you headed? Anywhere else. So, then, you'll call me at this number if you see him. I don't care if it's not usually done. So, you're absolutely sure you haven't heard from him? Of course I'm sure, Mrs. Du Pres. What, you've called I've called every single place you told me to call, and no one has seen your husband. All right. I want you to call them all again. Excuse me, Mrs. Du Pres, your mother is my boss, and she didn't hire me to hunt down your missing husband for you. I know you're supposed to meet him here, but this is not my business or my problem, is it? You? I talked to you on the phone a couple nights ago. I recognize your voice now. You told me he left with Greenlee, didn't you? Yes. Yes? That's all you have to say? At least she was nice. What did you say? Greenlee Smythe is at least a nice person. What are you? A friend of hers? Yeah. What's your problem? You You're fired. Laura? Mr. Grey, did I did, Mary, and I'm very sorry it didn't work out. I know the agency is clamoring to get you back out in the field. You're underused here for sure. I didn't do anything wrong. I know, and I'll make sure the agency knows that. I'll also make sure you get time and a half for today. And it was your last day tomorrow, anyway, right, until Annette got back from vacation? Fine. Unbelievable spoiled brat. She had a lousy attitude. Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself there, Laura? You're brand new here. What are you saying? I don't know my place, is that it? My mother owns this magazine. Hmm. All the more reason to let the staff think you deserves to be here at all. Look, I really I can't do this right now, okay? Why are you meet me here. I've called his brother. I've called his mother. I've called everywhere he goes without me. I've left messages on his cell phone, on our message machine at home Calm down, Laura. Listen, you're not supposed to get so worked up. Is he leaving me? Is that what this is? So, where did you say you lived? Pine Village? Valley. How sweet. Mm-hmm. So, when exactly are you going to become this hotshot sculptor you were talking about earlier? Painter. But thanks for paying attention. Yeah. You know, I use my body to spread the paint all across the canvas. You know what? I would really like to see that. Yeah, well, I work in private, for obvious reasons. Yeah, you seem real shy. So, tell me why you know the words to you're living in this Pine Bush or whatever. Valley. Right. So, I mean, is that all I get on you? I just told you that I paint with my body. That's a good point. I was raised in Europe. Oh, seriously? Yeah. Oh, yeah? Where? All over. We pretty much never stayed in one place for too long. So, I mean, why come to the states? I mean, Europe? Who would leave? Didn't you say that you were a dancer once, too? Well, not once. I still am. Wow. A dancer and a painter. Am I a lucky guy or what? That depends. So, what is it? Ballet? Modern? Tap? Actually, tap would be cute in a provincial kind of way. Right. Well, exotic, Leo. Oh. Exotic? Lex? No, but I can imagine I'm pretty well known. Yeah, I bet. You know, as a matter of fact, this is the kind of music they play there a lot. Do you want a preview? Here? Yeah. A PG-13 version. So, what do you think? I think you're beautiful. So are you. Remember when I was trying to decide what to do about that? You told me to step up to the plate, even the playing field. Were those my words? Greenlee. Sorry, sorry. Finish. You don't remember what you said. No, of course I do. I said if you want to win, you have to beat David at his own game. Right. Well, actually, the game has now gotten much heavier because David is trying to get the hospital board to have my father declared heart episode The arrhythmia? Yeah. David used an incident in the ER to suggest to the board that my father was more of a liability than he was a help if he remained on as Chief of Staff. That's whacked. And David thinks you're still going to work for him after this? I don't know what the heck he thinks. He's suddenly out of town on business. Convenient. Yeah. Yeah, I thought so, too. Okay. What would David do? If it were his dad, and you were the one gunning for his resignation, what would David do? Think like he thinks, Jake. Okay. So you're saying to think less like a Martin and more like a Hayward. Mm-hmm. Well, Greenlee, you might be on to something here. I mean, if I did that, I think I would win. Yeah, you will if you really more out there. Like your brother, I guess. Don't even go there. What? What's up with Tad? Because I think my brother has completely lost his mind. Pop, I don't feel very good. It's not your head. It's not? It's not what? Don't confuse the man, all right? He looks pretty good, by the way. Do you remember what happened to you? When? He wants to know how you hit your head, brightness. I was going to no. I guess I slipped and fell, that's all. Oh, please. You saw me, and you fainted like a 90-year-old lady. No. No? No, no. No, no, no. Listen, I've got some kind of concussion, right? Just tell me it's a skull fracture, something like that Now, you may have a slight concussion, yes. But you can hallucinate with a concussion, right? Wait, wait. Hallucinate? I'm not a hallucination, man. I'm a gh gh gh Why are you doing this to me? Doing what? You need to chill out. You freaking the man out, okay? For nothing. Hey, Tad, I'll tell you what I've got to see if they've managed to locate Dr. Keppler. Who is he? He's a neuro consult. Just taking precautions, that's all. You're going to be okay, right? I think so. It's going to take a lot more than that to get rid of me. This is not happening, and you are some kind of broken blood vessel in my head. Oh, you wish. And I am in this mess because I was trying in the hot seat. What the hell Exactly. Man, I interfered. You was about to crack that man's head wide open with that hammer. And I stopped you. Man, you should be thanking me. I should be waking up anytime now. Oh please. You need to recognize. You would have been doomed forever if I hadn't come along. And another thing, man you ain't exactly high on my priority list. But I couldn't let that happen. Thank you? Uh, you can go now, right? Wrong. You're stuck with me, baby. Dead stuck. Let me tell you another thing this doesn't only suck for you, you feeling me? It's not a concussion. It's a stroke. You tried to kill a man, Tad. I did not. Oh I mean, I wouldn't have. I mean, maybe they're not going to let me back until I figure out this stupid little problem of yours. I haven't got a problem. You're the dead guy. The Hayward problem, Tad. Your Hayward and don't call me " dead guy. " You want to take care of Hayward? Fine, go down the hall. Haunt him. Whatever. Better yet, next time he's on that little turn on the interstate you know, the really, really sharp one? You make sure he doesn't make it. You know, you're really sad. You need some serious basic training. You know right, wrong, good, evil, heaven, hell. Dad Dad You all right? Huh? I don't know. Here we go. Dr-.-Keppler I'm Dr. Keppler, Tad. You're going to need to be fully examined. Make sure all the circuits are still firing. baby. You have been touched by a homey. I could order some take-out. No. I'm really not very hungry. Thanks, Liza. You know, your color's a little off. No, I'm fine. I'm okay. The door was unlocked. This really isn't the best neighborhood. Well, then, I guess I'm glad you're the one that came in. You could have been robbed, Ryan. Of what? I don't have anything, Liza. You have me. And you have a lot of people who just care for you and love you. I know that you think that life just isn't worth living because Gillian's not here. You know, I was sitting here while you were sleeping, and you called out her name when you were asleep. I was sleeping? Well, you were sound asleep. I was sleeping when you came Liza, she was here. Gillian ca to me to say good-bye. Ahh. Well, if you're half the painter that you are a dancer Indy, right? Yeah. Like " Indy-pendent. " I got that. Well, I do what I need to do to pay the bills. And then I have all my time and freedom for my art. That sounds perfect. That sounds like the perfect life. Well, it's my life. I don't know how perfect it is. So, what about you? What do you do to pay the rent? It's a long, sordid tale. I'd rather not get into it. Well, then, just tell me the most recent chapter. The most recent well, I actually kind of got into journalism. But it's not really my thing. Good I think. Thank you.'s policy on romance in the office would be. Laura, I'm sure Leo's fine. No. What if he's hit by a car? What if he's on the side of the road and he's hurt? Laura, what can I do to help you? I'm sorry. I worry about Leo. I just - I'm so scared of losing him because I love him so much. Don't worry about me. Really. Okay. I'll be down the hall if you need me, okay? Thank you. Okay. David-'s-voice Well, it's not as if you and Greenlee have a great track record. Leo-'s-voice There's nothing going on between me and Greenlee. Nothing's going to go on. But with Greenlee being Greenlee, there's, you know some things are out of my control, and that's why I don't want to have this big wedding. Phone rings please. Leo, don't. Stop, it's for you. I'm sorry, there's no one here by that name. May I take a message? Damn it, Greenlee Put my husband on the phone now I said Leo is not here. I heard you, Greenlee. Put him on the phone now Laura Leo is not here, already. I heard you. I was kidding. You're unreal. Greenlee, if he's there, just put him on the phone. I really need to talk to him. You have no pride at all, do you? On top of no sense of humor. Greenlee? Look, I'm keeping to your little rulebook about your husband for now. What are you talking about? You have to take this up with my boss, not that she'd listen to you or anyone else. What do you mean ad campaign to work with me. And you know Erica -she gets what she wants. Doesn't she? Aah That was Laura. She's misplaced her husband again. You were awful to her. Was not. You should have heard her, Jake. I'm sure Greenlee was just being direct. I can handle this, Daddy. Stop looking at me like that. Like what? Like I let you down. She called here in a fit and jumped all over me. Oh, and you didn't provoke her, Greenlee? You know do you know what it's like to constantly have to defend myself about seeing Leo to her? I mean, I'm not seeing Leo, and she still treats me like the other woman. I mean, she's out of control, Jake. Like, looney out of control. Jake? Jake, where are you going? Let him let you really are. Who does? Well, I do. So, Leo, you don't want to talk about where you're from, do you? No. I want to talk about drinking. Did you ever play quarters? Tell me something. How does some pseudo-Euro guy like yourself know about an American drinking game like quarters? I'm a man of all nations, all right? Okay. Anybody want to play quarters? All right Yeah All right. Here we go. Okay. I win, I buy. All right? I lose, I buy. I win no matter what I do. All right. Bring it. Oh I guess that means I win, right? Tequila shots for everyone. Whoo First shot. Dr-.-Keppler Everything looks good. That's a matter of opinion. Dr-.-Keppler No sign of trauma or concussion. Let me This bump on the head could it make me see things? Dr-.-Keppler Dancing elephants? Sort of. Dr-.-Keppler Tad, physically, you're really fine. Why? Are you seeing things? Tad, they said you were in a what happened? I see dead people. Dr-.-Keppler Your son's funny, Joe. He always been like this? You see dead people? You keep it up, they going to slap one of those nice little white jackets on you before you can say, " Whoop, whoop, whoop, where's my breakfast? " I was just kidding with you. Ha, ha. So, what did you do, anyway? He fell. He's got quite a lump on his head. Take a look. How'd you fall? He fainted. Like a punk. Oh, jeez, Tad. Don't tell me you were in another fight. Fight? With were ready to kill him. Did you do something crazy? What? Why do you say something like do I look crazy? Dad, tell him how he looks. Yeah, he looks crazy. Maybe it's the wires that are coming out of your head, son. Listen, I'm fine. Don't you worry about me. You're the one that's working for the lunatic. Hey, I know what I'm doing. Do you? Yeah, I know exactly what I'm doing. All right, guys. Now, listen up, please. Just calm down. Now, I want to say something right now. I've been fighting my own battles ever since before you guys were born, and I don't expect to have my life taken over now by you guys. Now, I'm going to brain both of you if either of you try. You need to listen to your father, I'm so tired. Well, okay. You just get some rest. I want to keep you under observation for a couple of hours just to make sure you don't get dizzy or nauseated, okay? Fine. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're okay. Yeah, I'm okay. Are you? Okay. Some other time. Some other time. Come on. Get some rest, bruiser. Y'all are some hardheaded white boys, huh? You and your brother. I don't need this. I don't need this, and I don't need you. I don't need any of it. Well, you can run, but you can't hide. I swear to you, it was like she was right here holding my hand. Like she was kissing me, telling me that she's always going to love me. Do you believe in that kind of thing? survive. And I believe that if Gillian came to you in a dream, and she told you good-bye, and she told you she loves you, that that's really beautiful. It wasn't the first time that I felt her here, though. This this has been going on for weeks. Well, then, it's good that you're in touch with your feelings. Yeah. Do you think this is her way of saying good-bye? Telling me that I don't have to worry about her anymore? It's just that I loved her more than I ever thought I could love anybody. I know. And she's gone. And you're going to have to learn how to live your life without her. And she would want you to. Ryan, you know I thought I lot about her when I was gone. And I thought how nice it would be to build a memorial for Gillian. What do you mean?, and you could build a playground in Gillian's honor. Why? Well, she loved children, didn't she? Yeah, she did. So much. Well, she was a free spirit. She was open and so loving, and she was like a child. I mean, that would be a beautiful way to remember her, don't you think? Yeah. I do. I really like that. I mean, I was such a mess at her funeral, I never there was never a chance for me to honor her memory. Ryan, it was sudden. I mean, you weren't ready. But I am now. I'm ready now. I can say good-bye. So, are you okay? Because I really should be going home. Okay. I'll see you soon. Liza? My mother died. I mean it, Greenlee. Don't run after Jake. I try. I swear I do. I should call him on his cell. I don't want him to be mad at me. I thought you were not allowed in the building. I was thinking about you, and I just wanted to see how you were doing. How'd you get past security? Oh, don't worry about that. You know, Erica and I are just fine. Intercom buzzes Yeah, Miles. Okay. I'll be right there. Um, Daddy, I have to go to production. Wait here for me? Oh, of course. Sure. Yeah, the software is fully operational. Right now. We're back in. Greenlee-'s-voice Erica wants to hire Leo to work on the new ad campaign. To work with me. If research is correct, it shows that here is the one we should use on this. Here it is. I can't wait much longer for you have to. Laura? Laura? Help me. Calm down. Hang on, hang on. I've got to get a grip. Okay. I'm not talking to myself. I'm not talking to myself. There are no visits from beyond. There are no such thing as Ghosts? No No, no Get out of here Go Get out of here, you supernatural - Tad? Honey, who are you talking to? Your mother died? Yeah. When did she I just found out. And I'm really not handling it as well as I thought Would. I mean, she wasn't exactly a model parent, but But she's your mother. Yeah. Oh. We need a doctor We need a doctor Music plays Leo? Laura? Are you guys home? Hello. I just brought a little Laura? Hello, hello, hello, hello. Hello? I guess not. So, listen - Okay, right here. No, get Leo. Where's Leo? Get him Take care of her. Relax, relax. Breathe. Greenlee. This is Edmund Gray. Laura's at the hospital. I just talked to her. Where is Leo? I don't know. Oh, my God. Oh, Leo, what have you done? Laura? Find him, Edmund, Find Leo. What happened? Find my husband Okay, calm down, calm down. Tell me what happened. What's going on? Leo Laura? Leo 
Oh. This bump on the head, could it make me see things? Dr-.-Keppler Physically, you're really fine. Erica wants to hire Leo for the new ad campaign to work with me. Oh, Leo, what have you done?  Tad, honey? Who are you talking to? No one important. Don't push it, player. Joe said that you hit your head. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah, I I checked out fine, Honey. Yeah? Maybe we should have you rechecked, hmm? That's right, Dixie. Your boy here really needs his head re-examined. Get away from me Tad. Not you, baby. Not really, I didn't mean you. Well, who could you mean? There's nobody else here. That's right. There's nobody else here. You are definitely getting on my last nerve. Okay, that's No Please don't. Please, please, please, I promise you, okay? I give you my word I'm not crazy. So don't start looking at me like I need to check into a rubber room. Oh, no, Dixie, you go ahead, call the men in white, lock him up. It's the only way to keep him from whacking that David Hayward. Tad. Leo? Brooke, you're back. Edmund, what's wrong? Listen ; don't panic. I'm at the ER with Laura. What happened? I'm not sure. We were at the office and she just started to hyperventilate. Jake's with her right now. All right, tell Laura I will be right there. I will. And listen, bring Leo if you see him, okay? She's been calling for him. I don't think she'll calm down until I read tan lines. And this one on your ring finger tells me that there's a wife in the picture. Is that going to be a problem? I need Leo Where's Leo? Laura, Laura, you're hyperventilating. You need to relax and just slow down your breathing. I need Leo All right, I'm going get you on this oxygen here. I'm going to I don't want that I want Leo I want my husband Oh, Ryan. I'm so sorry about your mom. Tell me what I can do. (Pounding-on-door) Adam. So this is where you came to get away from it all? Adam, leave it to you. What, to find you out? You didn't need time to find yourself or sort out our marriage. You wanted to be alone with your lover Well, thank you for the wonderful homecoming. shacking up with your muscle-bound Romeo here. You know, keep talking. Remind me of why I needed to get away to begin with. Where's Colby? Well, oh, we sent her on a liquor run. Damn it Did you do it with her here in this room? Have you no decency? Have you no shame? Do you see our daughter? What have you done with my daughter? Your daughter is with her grandmother who picked us up at the airport this afternoon. You expect me to believe that? Well, it's the truth, whether you like it or not. Actually, I have the airline tickets. Would you like to see them? But I'm sure they don't fit into your fantasy. Why didn't you go straight home? Isn't it obvious? I saw you with your arms around each other. You make jumping to conclusions an Olympic event, you doing in Lavery's motel room? And what are you doing peeping through the window? Don't don't confuse the issues I'm not confusing the issues here. The issue is that you wanted to have a face-to-face with Ryan. You wanted to cause a lot of trouble, even though you promised not to I'm here because I was worried about you Oh, really? Yes, really You've been calling me every day before you put Colby down for her nap so I could talk with her. Today no phone call. Because we were on our way home. How in the hell was I supposed to know that? You weren't supposed to know it, it was a surprise But just like you, you have to ruin everything. Let's talk about this at home. You know what? I just I don't think that's such a great idea. stay out of this, Lavery Don't pop a vein, Chandler. This time I'm on your side. Thaddeus has a case of runaway rage. And I'm here to put the brakes on. No Yes Matter how weird this looks, Honey, I I promise you I am not a nut ball. You are such a hardheaded fool, man. You still won't listen to me. Honey, um do me a favor, Sweetie. Let's let's have a seat over here, shall we? Okay. I am a little worried about you. Oh, no. Don't be. I'm I'm fine. Really, I'm really, I'm okay. I just I'm a little strung-out. I can see that. About what? Well, for one thing, David Hayward is at it again. At what? wants to be Chief of Staff of the hospital? So bad he can taste it. I don't believe it. Oh, believe it, Dixie. It's a known fact. It's true. True, it's it's all over the hospital. Dad is I mean, David is trashing Dad's name all over the hospital. He's trying to make him appear incompetent. He wants to set up a case of review before the hospital board. Well, that's terrible, but it doesn't explain why you were yelling when I walked in here. Oh, Dixie, are you kidding? I was so angry at David, I wanted to pound him into the ground. Something stopped me. Please hold your applause till the end. I ran in here so I could you know, I could blow off some steam you know, rant and rave a little bit, read David the riot sure, man. You've done that before, haven't you? You know, you rehashed arguments in your mind, given somebody what for when they weren't there? Yeah, I guess. Well, see, that's the same thing. That's exactly what was going on. I was just I was here, I was letting David have it, but this way, no actual human beings were hurt. Boy, you a train wreck waiting to happen. You know that? It just worries me, you know, that you let David upset you still so much. I'm not upset, Sweetie. I had my thing. It's all over. It's over and done. Are you sure? You know, because you remember what happened with the whole Sweeney thing. Oh, no, baby, I swear to you. I give you my word that I'm not about to do anything stupid. Honestly 've knocked some sense into me because I ended up having a little chat with my conscience, you know smug, self-righteous, Jiminy Cricket wannabe. And I and I I I realized something very important. What's that? As satisfying as killing David Hayward would be, it's just not worth risking what you and I have together. See, I never want to give anybody that much power over you and me, especially not David. He's just not worth it. Edmund? How is Laura? Has there been any change? Jake's still examining her. I want to see her. Where's Leo? I have no idea. Laura. Brooke. Honey, honey, how are you doing? How is she, Jake? Well, better than when she came in. Mom. Where's Leo? I need him. Just tell me where he is. (Laura-wheezes) Honey, came from the airport. But, Mom, you have to find him. I need him. I need Leo here. It's all right. We'll find him, we'll find him. It's okay. Okay, okay. We're doing our best to track Leo down and I want you just to relax, Laura, and I'm going to step outside and talk to your mom. No, I don't want to relax I want Leo I know. I know you do. Honey, I understand, all right? I'm just going to be right outside. I'm just going to I'm just going to talk to Jake for a minute, okay? I'll be right back. Jake, what what is wrong? Is it her heart? I mean, she was doing so well. Look, Brooke, physically, Laura is doing fine. Have a seat. Her heartbeat was slightly that we have found. But something is wrong. I mean, she's so agitated. I'd really like it if Dr. Hayward could look at her. Okay, well, Dr. Hayward has been paged. Okay. But I don't think she needs to see a cardiologist. At this point, I would recommend a psychiatrist. How could you side with him? You quote me and I'll deny it, but, Liza, this time he's right. I don't need you to defend me, Lavery. Shut it, Chandler Liza, you set out the ground rules, right? I mean, Adam's got to follow the game plan. One false move and he's history. That is not exactly Well, you pretty much rigged it so he can't win, Liza. No, he's good and he can succeed. You gave him a list of do disappeared. So? So what's he supposed to do? Sit home and wait for you to decide whether, you know, you want to come back? He can't do that. He's got to take action. He's a shark. He swims or he dies. Well, so so what, the great white swims up to your doorstep? Right. And he finds you in a motel room with a guy. Yeah. The same the same guy that he caught you in bed with. And he jumps to the conclusion that I'm having another affair with you. Liza, look at this from his point of view. It didn't look so innocent. Are you finished? Almost. Where were you going to go when you left here, Liza? Home. Well, then follow the game plan and go home. Liza I'm not going to fight with both a minute. Thank you for your perspective. Later, Adam. Don't bother thanking me. So, what is the story with you and Mrs. Leo? Uh, boring. I also have a high boredom tolerance. Yeah, well, this will send you over the edge, believe me. Try me. Why? Why not? Pour your soul out. You'll never see me again, so any secrets that you want to share are going to disappear with this bar smoke and me. Okay. You asked for it. The story of Leo and how he fell into a marriage and what happened after that. I well, I've been around the world and tried everything, so I thought I'd take a stab at being the good guy/husband type. And what happened? I wasn't right for the part. I kept forgetting my lines and what was supposed to do. It just did Just like that? Mm-hmm. Just like that. Never looked back, on to the next adventure. You up for it? Oh, I'm up for anything. I'm just not so sure that you are. Try me. You're a real B.S. artist, Leo not that there's anything wrong with that. What do you mean? I mean I've been around the world just like you and this whole guy-without-a-heart routine it's the worst thing I've seen since I hit New York. Jake, why do you think Laura needs psychiatric help? Well, Brooke, it seems to me that Laura has worked herself up into a major panic attack. A panic attack? She shows all of the symptoms uncontrolled anxiety, rapid, shallow breathing, accelerated heartbeat. What's bothering you, Sweetheart? Nothing. Well, now, you can not fool Dear Aggie, darling . Well, I don't know. Maybe it's this whole marriage thing. How do you know when you're a good wife? Well, have you gotten any complaints? Not really. I mean, Leo says everything's fine. But you don't believe him? I just thought things would be different like once you're married, things would fall into place. Oh, no, Darling. Marriage isn't the end of the journey. In fact, it's only the starting point. Did you and Uncle Langley did you guys have problems when you first got married? Did we ever. You see, every marriage has a period of adjustment. You and Leo are only getting to know one another. I know. I just feel like I'm trying so hard to be what I think he wants. Romantic? And I feel like it's making him both of us too self-conscious, not if I keep saying the wrong thing, not if we keep fighting. Oh, you'll fight, all right. But then you'll make up and that, believe me, is the best part. I hope you're right. Of course I'm right. (Alarm-clock-rings) Oh time for my meds. Time for mine, too. Thanks for the reminder. Oh, really? Popping pills with my great aunt how weird is that? What are yours for? Oh, they slow down my heart rate. Really? Mm-hmm. Is that bad? Well, when it's my age, it is. You're not old, Aunt Phoebe. Well, I can't turn cartwheels any longer, but I've learned a few things over the years. Just be patient, darling. I'm trying. Good. I hope I've helped. Oh. You've helped Hmm. Well, Honey, I'm relieved that you want to cross David off your hit list. Well, he's a complete waste of time. But I think it's obvious he still pushes your buttons. Well, baby, I'd like to think it's not just me. You know, you should have seen the way he went after my father. He makes him sound like a hazard to his patients. I've never seen Pop look so devastated. But everybody knows what a great doctor Joe is. Say he does have to go in front of the board for some reason. He's going to have the entire hospital staff behind him. Yeah, well, what if Hayward gets to them first? There's a lot of people who would like to see David take a fall. Maybe I could even help give him a little push. Yeah? Really? Why? Well What are lot of friends when I was working for the Andrassy Foundation. Yeah? I could call them up, you know, schmooze them a little bit, tell them how PVH wouldn't be the great hospital that it is today without Joe's dedication and leadership. Baby, that's brilliant. That's hmm, yes And you know what? If we wanted to, we could even start our own little smear campaign against, you know, Dr. Diablo. Hang on a second, okay? David is his own worst press agent. Nobody is going to support him over Joe. I wish I had your belief in human nature. Well, stick with me ; I'll bring you around. Yeah. I'm going to get on this, okay? Are you going to be all right? Yeah, yeah, I'm sure fine. I'm just, you know, waiting for my discharge papers. for? For being so good, not letting David control you. I'm proud of you. Thank you. Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk. Listen, you, I want whatever you are out of my noggin, okay? So you just, you know, be gone. Oh, don't be dumb, Tad. You need me now more than ever. No. Yes, you do. No, no, no. I don't see look, hey, look, I'm fine. I'm not going after Hayward. Boy, you must really think I'm stupid, huh? Jake, Jake. Hey. I'm looking for David Hayward. Well, that makes two of us. Tad told me he's trying to oust Joe as Chief of Staff? Yeah, yeah, it appears that way and that's what's got Tad so ticked off. with you. Does he have a case? He thinks so. Somebody's got to talk to that man. Oh, and that someone would be you? Why not? You know why. I'm not going to let him get to me. Honestly, Jake. Where do you think he is, anyway? I don't know, beats me, but he's got a patient waiting for a consult and he's nowhere to be found. Great. Well, he can't hide from me. You didn't seem surprised when Jake recommended that Laura get some psychiatric help. You may want to consider that. Well, I mean, why do you think that she needs psychiatric help? Brooke, I was at the office when Laura lost it. Well, do you have any idea what set her off? No. Well, I'm not sure, but she fired that temporary secretary was harsh. She's not like this, all right? I don't understand any of this. She's had a pretty rough time since the, you know, transplant. Leo said before I left for Switzerland that she seemed down. Leo? He's been kind of the focus of her frustration. I've left messages all over. Where is he, Brooke? When I came back from the airport, I stopped over at Laura and Leo's condo. He wasn't there, but I found Mom Oh, help me Jake? I heard. Laura, what is it? I don't know. I just got so dizzy all of a sudden. Look, just relax, just relax. What's wrong with me, Jake? We're going to find out. Just relax and take deep breaths. All right, all right, honey. All right, I'm here . I'm right here, okay? Deep breaths. Colby grew while you two were gone. Oh, we weren't gone that long. Yeah, well, she's she's different somehow. Except when she's sleeping. Yeah. With that stud lion tucked under her chin, her beautiful hair. Almost as beautiful as her mother. The way you look at her never changes. Watching you watching her sleeping makes me fall in love with you all over again. And then we tiptoe down the steps and the spell is broken. Is it? Yes, we retreat to our separate corners ; you draw a line in the sand, and dare me to cross it. If I do, well, I'm a control freak. And if I don't, I I don't know who I am or what the hell we're doing here. I thought we were trying to make our marriage, is that your first priority? What do you think? I don't know. First thing you did when you came home was race over to Ryan's house. There was a reason for that. What, to drive me over the edge? No, you knew I needed to get away. To punish me? No, to figure out where we go next. What the hell does Ryan Lavery have to do with our future? If you would just stop this just for a minute, I would tell you because, Adam, I have made a very important decision about us. So you've made a decision about us? Yes. Do I need a drink or a blindfold? Will you just let me talk? I realize that, with everything, that I've lost sight of what's most important in my life. I mean, even though Colby is the center of my world you a picture of you in the yearbook? And under that picture sometimes it's written " most likely to " whatever. To succeed in business, to get married, to become a millionaire. Uh-huh, yes. Well, under my high school photo, it said " Most likely to be a home-wrecker. " That was cruel. It was accurate. I wasn't a very good person. I was as ruthless as you are. That's not a compliment, I take it? It's just I'm just stating a fact. I didn't want to grow up to be that girl in my high school yearbook, known for sleeping around. But when I left home, I looked in the mirror and I was that girl, only the home that I was wrecking was my own. But you still left. I came back. Why? Because I missed here, I missed you. Our battles, the backhanded that's why you came home? It was you. Something you said, you took me back to that time, and I don't want to be my mother's daughter. I don't want to be that kind of mother for Colby. But you went to see Ryan first. I had to make peace for what I did, for turning to him. And did you? Yes, we did, we both did. Ryan has to find his own way. I don't I don't want to lose you. I don't want our marriage to be over. What do you want? I want you to hold me. I want you to wrap your arms around me and just be with me all night. I want to be in my husband's bed. Oh, for God's sake. Isn't there a castle in Scotland somewhere you can go haunt? Oh, shut up, Tad., but this dog ain't biting. What line? That you're going to give Hayward a pass. Ha Why's that so unbelievable? Because I saw you with that damn hammer in your hand and that Charles Manson look in your eye. Okay, okay. Jesse, I swear to God Uh-uh-uh-uh. Don't swear. Doesn't sit too well with the big cheese, you know? Oh, this is ridiculous. You know, you're not real. I'm not even having this conversation. I am real. And I'm here trying to keep your butt out of trouble. I told you, I'm not in trouble. You will be if you go after Hayward. Now, Tad, if this man is half as bad as you say he is, trust me, he's going to have more then enough to deal with when his time comes. What's your point? You there really is a a down there? Tad, we go way back, and I would really like to cut you some slack. No, don't tell me. I know. I've seen " It's A Wonderful Life. " You don't do your little good deed, you don't get your wings, right? Oh, it ain't the wings I'm after, trust me. It's the powers that be. I mean, they they think you still need me around. Otherwise, I'd be chilling with Jenny. Jenny? Jenny. Yeah, she's a bigger angel there than she was here. Can she see me? Hell, yeah, she's right there. Psych. Made you look. You know, Tad, seriously, it would break Jenny's heart if you killed the maniac doctor and the both of you-all ended up sharing bunks in that place you call hell. Well, there's a new development. I ran another ECG. And? And Laura's heart rate has decelerated abnormally. Hmm. Well, what what would cause that? Any number of possibilities. We're just going to have to run more tests to see. Oh. So, well, then she didn't have a panic attack? Apparently not. Do you think she still needs psychiatric help? I don't think it would hurt, but the need is not immediate. But I am sorry for alarming you unnecessarily. Can I see her? Well, actually, Laura just fell asleep, but before she nodded off, she did say that she wanted to see Leo. All right, listen, thank you, Jake. Okay. So so she didn't just have a panic attack. Well, apparently not. This is good news, yes? Yeah, was having a breakdown. I just you know, I just want to know what is going on with her heart rate. The doctors will find out, okay? Okay. I'm sure Laura's going to be all right. I hope you're right. You going to be all right? I'll be okay. Got to make a call. Back in a minute. Leo-'s-voice " Dear Laura, I hate to have to hurt you like this, but by the time you read this letter, I'll be gone. " I like your James Dean impression, that whole " Rebel Without a Cause " thing you've got going. Live hard, die young, and leave a good-looking corpse behind. That's not you. How do you know that? Artist's intuition. Okay, so you tell me who I am, Ms. Smarty-pants, come on. You are a guy really want to be in, but I know that part of you still cares for your wife. And you got all this from a naked ring finger? Mm-hmm. Okay, well, let's say you're right. Let's say I do still care about my wife. She's there, I'm here, and there's no way in hell I'm going back. If you say so. I say so. One more thing? Mm-hmm? If a stranger can read you this well, so can your wife. All she has to do is stare into those big puppy-dog eyes of yours. Are you through? Yep. Thank God. Your reading is over. Good. So what's next? We'll flip a coin. Heads, you go home to Mrs. Leo, and tails, you come with me. I don't want to play. You win. Let's You need to listen to me, Tad. Hayward will get what's coming to him. Right. In this life or the next? Yeah, that's how it works. It's not your job to hand out justice. Tad, listen to me. If you whack Hayward, not only am I screwed, but your sister, Jenny, will never let me hear the end of it. Terrific. Now my subconscious is trying to send me on a guilt trip. Dude, can you please just try to get this through that thick, dented skull of yours I am not some Freudian slip, I'm not a flashback, I'm not some gas you're trying to pass, I'm not that rancid hot dog you ate this afternoon for lunch. I know what this is. Oh It's all the stuff they gave me in the ER. This is some kind of reaction to medication. This this is not a bad dream. I am here to keep your butt out of trouble. No. No. Yes. You are a figment of my imagination. I am not. Yes, you are. No, I'm not. Yes, you are. I'm not You're brought on by stress, therefore, you do not exist. You do not exist. You do not exist. (Tad-babbles) Whoo, whoo, whoo, and whoo Again with the knuckleheads. Dang it Leo-'s-voice " Laura, the decision to leave was really hard. I don't see a future for us, but that's not your fault. I don't deserve you. You're too good for me. And please don't think that I'm leaving you for Greenlee. I'm leaving because I'm totally messed up. How many times have I hurt you without meaning to? That's what I do can't go on doing that to you. Forget I ever existed and get on with your life. Meet someone who will love you the way you deserve to be loved. You got a second chance, Laura, a heart that's ready to love. Don't waste it on me. Take care. Leo. " Hi. Is Leo here? No, Honey, he's not. Where is he? This is crazy. He should be here. He's I know. Maybe we should call the police. We don't need to do that, Laura. Mom, something horrible must've happened to Leo or he'd be here. Honey, Leo's not coming. No, I want to keep the obituary pretty simple. " Gail Lavery, beloved mother of Ryan and Braden. " What? No, she wasn't survived by any grandchildren. Oh. You have no idea how sweet talk is not going to ruin our deal. Any funny business behind my back All funny business will be carried out in broad view, in the open. That that's that's good, I think. Liza, Liza, listen to me. I don't need to conquer the world anymore. Everything a man could possibly need, I have right here. I've missed you. Yeah. We've got a lot of lot of things to make up for. Well, I think we should get started. Okay. 
See that bruise? That's where Vanessa stabbed me. What, did you think Jake and I were taking a cruise on the Love Boat? What's this? What is it? A used syringe. Don't worry, little one. I'll guard you with my life. You're my father? Ryan, wait. Oh. It's so weird drinking milk again. Warm ugh. But it's supposed to help us relax, and that's what we need, right? I just wish I knew where J.R. was. He's going to come home soon, though, and we'll talk and I'll explain it to him and he'll understand. (Car-approaches) Thank God. Hey, J.R. Hi. I was worried. Tad, hi. Thank you. Where did you find him? He didn't. After I got your call, I jumped in the car ; I tore all over town looking for him. It was I ambushed him. He was at the house waiting for me. Why did you run off like that? Like you didn't need room to pack, Mom. Pack? I didn't want to be in your way. What's he talking about? Are you going somewhere? This is us, Greenlee. This is me and you. Leo, I'm so sorry. I knew you were going to come back to me. Finding out about your mother and what she did It's okay. It's okay. Leo No, it's okay because I can deal with it, you know? Maybe you're in shock. I can because I love you. You you can't expect No, Vanessa can't come between us, Greenlee Leo, stop it I need you in my life right now. You've been hurting have all the information. You called me a pathetic, needy slut. I never said " slut. " I never said " slut, " and I had just found you with him again. And do you think that makes it okay? I'm sorry, okay? I apologize. Do you have any idea how much you've hurt me? Don't you get what I'm going through? My mother tried to kill you, I know. Because you got in her way and Greenlee, you survived. And, of course, when I find you, I rip you apart. But Vanessa's just a gift that keeps on giving. She set us up. Yes. She made me think that you and Jake that you and Jake damn her. Ah this goes right to Stamp. I might be able to tell what's in it. So will the lab. If you get careful. It would be almost impossible to prove that you weren't Proteus. You understand me? Vanessa's prints is probably all over it. Yeah. Probably. I wonder who she had here and what the hell she did to them. I didn't tell him anything. Obviously not. I'm not your P.R. man. Would somebody like to tell me what's going on? Oh, I'm sure Mom would love to fill you in. I'll be in my room, okay? J.R ., no, stay with us. You're on your own now, Mom just like you wanted. How shattering is this? It's not. Good, I'm glad to hear it. So, fill me in. J.R. is upset because I told him that I'm going away for a while. Yeah, hence the packing comment. Go on. overhaul. And the divorce wasn't enough for you? I'm going to take a six-month course in Europe. J.R. doesn't understand. Well, I do. Six months in Europe? Probably has something to do with that you know, that his life, that girl that he likes so much in American studies class. He probably doesn't like the idea of leaving her for six months. I told J.R. that I'm I want to go alone. Why? Well, because, you know, I'm going to be studying and settling in. Well, okay. Well, then on the other hand, you know, I probably would have given a lot for six months in Europe at his age. You just said he wouldn't want to leave his girlfriend. It doesn't matter. The point is you can't just shut people out. It's no wonder J.R .' s upset all their time with their mothers? I'm not saying he does. He loves Pine Valley. He has friends here. Adam is here. You're here. Is that the problem? Are you going to Europe to get away from me? No. Good, I'm glad to hear it. So don't go. He's clearly upset. Just postpone your trip. This isn't some whim, okay? I've given this a lot of thought. I need to discover who I am again. I need to be alone. Okay, okay, don't, you know, lose your temper. Well, I can't help it. This is just not going the way I planned. Maybe because you're not being honest. You don't have to make it harder on me. I don't see how I can. Do you honestly expect me to believe you're going to leave your son you can go off and find yourself? Maybe we should, you know, take this from the top. If you're not going to believe me, what can I do? You can tell me the truth. Why would you leave? If I could pitch Vanessa into hell right now, I swear to God I would. What, do you think I'm going to hit her? Greenlee, I would never hit you. I know you wouldn't. Why am I even upset or or surprised? I mean, it's just Vanessa being Vanessa, right? So, tell me, Jake, what was it like having nice, normal parents growing up, huh? I was lucky, Leo. You had two parents who cared about you and encouraged you, not for what you could do for them but because they loved you, right? What a concept. Leo, it's not your fault that Vanessa's 's my fault that I didn't break away from her years ago. She's insidious. I was her accomplice from the day I was born, Greenlee. She used me as a pawn to play people for money, getting sympathy by dangling me in front of people before I could even talk. But she can't do that anymore. No, she's conning people is our special game. We actually invented stories, stealing from nice, caring people. You got past that. When I came to Pine Valley, I distanced myself from her. When she killed Paolo and tried to blame it on me, that that was it between us. It was over. But I guess I just didn't cut myself off enough from her as much as I should have. Don't do this to yourself, Leo. She cried and she trembled. I went running back for damage control. I mean, she I actually she killed him. You didn't know. Well, I didn't know that Larry's body was in the trunk after I tried to take it out to her car or whatever. But I knew she was toxic. So why did I keep getting suckered in? Because she's your mother. Well, she's David's mother, too, and he wanted to send her off into a padded cell, but not me. I was so convinced that she didn't do it that I convinced him not to do it. She denied killing Larry. The cops dropped the charges, and I believed her story. Leo, do you know that your mother killed that guy now? I'd imagine that she drugged Larry the same way she drugged Paolo and you and Greenlee. You know, if I just would have figured all this out earlier, Larry and Paolo might still be alive. And we might be at home, getting ready to go did it to me again. She did it to me again. My whole (Leo-yells) Oh, my God Chris Chris Ryan, were you hurt? No, no, just Chris. Chris? Can you speak to me? Chris, stay with me. Chris, stay with me. Oh. Okay. Okay. You're going to be all right. You're going to be all right. Kendall, call 911 Get an ambulance Okay. Is he going to be all right? Is he Yes, he's going to be all right. He's breathing. He's going to be fine. It's just the loss of blood. He lost some blood, that's all. Chris, you're going to be fine. The shot came from over here someplace. No, Ryan, we don't need you to be hurt, too. We'd all be dead if went after him, he's gone. Oh, my God Take it easy. It's all right. He's going to be okay. He's going to be all right. Where is the ambulance? The ambulance is on its way. I can't stop the bleeding. I can't stop it. You're going to make it. You're going to make it. I hate it when you do that. Do what? See right through you? When you pull the old " I know you better than you know yourself " card. Nobody likes it a know-it-all. So I'm right? No, you're wrong. I'm wrong? Everything I just said before was true. You want me to fill in all the blanks? Fine. Thank you. I would appreciate that. Am I going to need a drink for this? I don't know. Maybe you the hell is this? Milk? Yep. You hate milk. I was trying to relax. You know, if I didn't know you better, I'd say you were having a breakdown. Well, I'm going to have some seltzer. You want any? No, thank you. Okay. Go ahead. I'm ready. Okay. The last few years have been rather difficult, agreed? Oh, yeah. I'm not trying to erase the past. I'm simply trying to rise above it. Okay. I want to feel free to explore what I want to do with my life. What? Why do I feel like I'm about to be attacked by Dr. Phil? Maybe you deserve it. Yeah, I guess maybe I do. So, by all means, go on. You were saying that you're leaving to nurture your inner child. Oh, I'm sorry. Move over. Come on. I'm just trying to make sense of this. Well, maybe you're not supposed to make sense of it. Maybe you're just supposed to accept it. I am supposed to if I don't understand what's going on, you can't hold it against me. You know something? You've been all over the map lately. I mean, honestly, what was that little, you know, field trip down to the islands there, you know, for our guerrilla divorce? Wasn't that supposed to give you some sense of closure? Well, was that before or after I nearly died? Look, the last year, we both learned how precious and fleeting life can be. Yes, absolutely. So, by all means, you know, turn your back on everything you know to hop across the pond. It's not your call. It's my life. I'm thinking about J.R. Yeah, I know, I know. This is the part where you tell me that he's your son, not mine, right? I was not going to say that. For God's sake, Dixie, think about it. Do you really have to go halfway around the world to do a little soul-searching? Isn't that a bit strange? You know, I don't need you questioning every move I make, ridiculing my decisions. You don't have any right, and I have the divorce papers to prove it. You're right. No No, no, you're absolutely right. I'm sorry. I don't want to fight. I don't, either. You remember the last time we were alone together in this room? We didn't fight then. No, we didn't. Kind of ironic, don't you think? I'd actually court date for our divorce hearing. Yeah, I remember. One minute you were crying, I was holding you, and the next minute I'm kissing you. It was too bad. You know, for a moment there, one beautiful moment, I was convinced the divorce was never going to be a part of future, that we managed to make some kind of fresh, wonderful start. We always used to be able to handle whatever life handed to us, together. You owe me, Jake. I do? Yeah. Well, look where you are, thanks to me. Who you've got in your arms, thanks to me and my mother. You know, it wouldn't surprise me one bit if just forget it. Greenlee, just give him a chance to cool off. What's that? Did you say something to me, Jake? No, Leo, I didn't. But if I Since I seem to have your attention, I'm going to let you know right now your mother's going to get what she deserves. When we get back to Pine Valley, I'm going straight to the police. Looks like there's a little less blood. I think the wound's slowed down a little bit. Oh, God Kendall, where's the ambulance? I'll call again. (Car-approaches) Oh, thank God They're here Hang on, Darling. Help's here. What's going on? You're going to be okay. Chris Stamp was shot You know what's going on He gets shot, and you just happen on the scene? Let me see what I can do for him. Somebody get my medical bag It's in the back seat of my car David's not involved in this. He's not involved? No. It's No. I've been with him all night. We were on our way over here to tell Chris that we do have a solid lead on Proteus. He could have ordered the hit. He didn't order the hit. What are you talking about? He's not Proteus. I can't prove it to you, but I will. Please, just trust me on this one. Did you see which direction the shots came from? Over by that alley. Come on. Yes. Yes, Dr. David Hayward is with him now. And he needs a Thoracotomy set. A thoracotomy set. He needs a thoracotomy set in the ambulance. Please, tell them to hurry. Please hurry. Wait a second, what's that for? The bullet must have grazed his heart. No It tore one of its vessels. Is that bad? Is he going to be all right? The No He's not going to die I'm going to have make an incision through the pericardium to release some of the blood there. You can't do that You can't make another hole in his chest I'll be doing it through the wound. Well, shouldn't we wait for the ambulance to show up? We don't have time. Well, can't we just take him to the hospital ourselves? If we wait, he's not going to make it. All right, then what are we waiting for? Let's do it. Do it, David. Do it. (Sirens) Please, save him, David. Please, save him. All right, I feel the pericardium. You're going to be all right. Did you fix it? Is he going to be all right? He's got a chance now. Oh, please, God him live. Jake Leo, what are you doing? Stay away from him. I said I wouldn't hit you. I never mentioned him. Leo, that's the only free shot you're ever going to get with me. If we try to kill each other, we're never going to get off this island. Oh, you got it all figured out, don't you? What, are you going to save us all now, Jake? Have you lost your mind? No, worse I lost you. And you got what you've been looking for for months, didn't you? First, you're violent, now go, Leo. Get off my island. This is the answer to all your prayers, right, Jake? Vanessa targets you both, and not only am I the bad guy with the mother from hell, but now you get to play the hero again, right . Oh, you know, it wouldn't surprise me one bit if you worked on Vanessa with this one, you know, staged it. Jake cares about me. Well, of course he says that, Greenlee. It's the truth. I wasn't his mark, and I love him for that. So, did you question it every time I said I loved you? You know, the way we started out? Is that why you ran to him every time we hit a rough patch? We never had a chance. Leo No, just leave me alone, okay? I get the picture now. I get it. Green let him go this time. I guess I better. It's always been my dream is to be with you. Finally, I thought we had a lock on it. Until I kicked you out. Well, yeah, that was a bit was expecting you to give me a second chance. Or third or fourth I forget. Which is it? You know, I don't know. Did I really make it so easy to lose count? I mean, how can two people love each other so much and still lose one another? That's a tough one. Yeah. Well, Leslie played a part. So did David. Uh-uh. They couldn't have torn us apart if we felt strong about each other. The truth is I think what we had had started to fall apart before then. Maybe. It happened when you were pregnant. Remember, you told me, I freaked out? Yeah, you were worried. Worried? No, I was terrified. Dixie, come on. You know, honestly, the thought of you having a baby? Carrying a child? Giving birth? I mean, with your blood pressure, with your heart Well, it turned out you didn't have to worry. That's the problem, isn't it? Because, after you miscarried Don't you don't have to say that. Yeah, I do because it's the truth. It's the truth. Deep down inside, I was relieved because I knew you couldn't be hurt. No, I mean, that you wouldn't you wouldn't die, that you would be all right. You knew that, didn't you? Yeah, I did. And it didn't matter. Because you still haven't forgiven me for it. I loved our baby. I just didn't understand why you didn't. It's not a question of loving our baby ; it is a question of loving you, of being terrified of losing you. I did anyway because, to you, I chose you over our baby. That's when that's when know? Maybe people just change. Well, is there anything I can do about it? Anything at all? I mean, is this thing always going to be there between us? I don't think either one of us is ever going to forget it. No. I guess not. Because you know something? Even if I could change it and go back, you know what I would do? You can't. You can't change it. I would make the same decision. I'm sorry, but I would. Even knowing what it would do to us, the road it was going to put us on. I would always I will always choose your life first. I'm sorry, honey, but I guess I just love you too damn much. We got a gunshot victim here Penetrating chest wound. He was tamponading. I performed a pericardial window on-site. Yeah, probably kept him alive. him, stat. All right, prep the patient. Get him to the O.R. Dr. Jacobson's on the way. Stamp can't wait, Joe. He will be here. He's not here now, but I am. Yes, you've been dismissed from the hospital. For God's sake, Joe. David saved Chris He can save him He's no longer on staff, Erica. Whatever happened, whatever political gaffe he did, I mean, forget it. Let him do this now. He can save Chris Or let us take whatever we need, let David operate in the parking garage because I don't give a damn where or how, let him do this now The O.R .' s ready for an emergency thoracotomy. Dr. Hayward will scrub in. All right, move All right, all right. Type and cross six units. Get it to the O.R . Chris-'-voice I'm your father, Ryan. I am. My father. And how many shots were fired? One. That's the third time you've asked that. Maybe I should take notes for you. I'll get to you in a minute. Gee, something to look forward to. If Agent Stamp hadn't moved in, you'd be under the knife. So, why were you the target? I don't know. You don't have any idea why someone would want you dead? No. Do you have enemies? No. Any disgruntled co-workers? Employees? A romance gone south? No, everybody just loves me. Somebody squeezed the trigger at one of ours. I don't take that lightly. Neither do I. Well, you better do some more thinking because if Agent Stamp dies, I'm coming after you. Ryan, no, Next time, I won't save you. One of our men is Listen, big man Chris Stamp means a lot to these people. Not just because they're members of the same club. That man and that woman love the guy, okay? So just back the hell off. You want to be charged with obstruction of this investigation? If you'll drag me out of here to press the charges, bring it on. Why are you so anxious to get rid of me? Because you're a jerk. I'm sorry. Agent Foster, Ms. Devane. Yes, it is. Yeah, I'm sorry. Agent Foster, this is Mateo Santos. Hi. He's been working with Chris Stamp. We just came from the scene of the shooting. Excuse me. Agent-Foster Is the shooter in custody? No, no. Agent-Foster I've been interviewing Mr. Lavery. I'll talk to him. I need a full workup on this from forensics. I need a print check, contents analysis, the works. But I need it quite soon. Agent-Foster All right, I'll see if I can get a rush on it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Can I talk to you alone for a minute? Is that all right? I don't think it's a good time. No, no, it's fine. I'd like to them. Okay. Mateo told me about the disc that Chris was trying to get from you when he got shot. Yeah, and since that sniper was after you, we're sure he was on Proteus' payroll. And he's probably trying to get after you and the disc. So give up the disc before anybody Take it. Take it. I want Proteus behind bars. I want him dead. I want anything doing? I'm fine. It's Chris. Can I get you anything? Unless you can find somebody who can tell us how Chris' surgery is going. He's real tough. He'll pull through. He just he lost a lot of blood. They'll transfuse him. It's just not fair. He's such a good man. I mean, he can be very difficult and distant, and God knows he's secretive, but he's so brave. I swear, if he lives, I will love him with all my heart for the rest of my life. Joe? Joe, is the surgery over? Is Chris all right? We still have a way to go, Erica. Chris needs a lot of blood. I'll give blood. You know your blood type? AB-positive, same as Chris. Am I right? Yes. How did you know that? would call you as soon as J.R. got in, but Tad has been here and I haven't had a chance. You know what? J.R. doesn't want to speak to you right now, so I'll call you in the morning. No. No, Adam, I'll call you in the morning. Good night. Irritating. So where were we before the phone rang and you insisted on picking it up? Ah, yes, something about my undying love. Tad, nobody has ever loved me the way you have, but you're not what I need right now. Well, couldn't you at least lie a little, for my sake? You see through lies, remember? Yeah. Me and my big mouth. Look, I don't need you making decisions for me. I need to take control and make my own decisions. Okay, okay. Nobody's you know, I got that for you, not anymore. So, what decisions do you have to make? You know, my decision to go away for a while seems to have upset you and J.R. pretty good. Yeah. You really think now is the time to do something like this? Tad, stop it. Don't try to talk me out of it. I'm not trying to talk you out of it. I'm just saying, you know, it's so soon after you nearly died a month ago. And I'm fine now, okay? You shouldn't be traveling to someplace like Europe alone. I'm not going to Europe alone. I'm going with Lanie. I'm going to stay with her. Well, you never said anything about your sister. Well, I'm sorry. And I have a doctor over there, too, okay? Yeah. A referral from Hayward, right? Yes 'm going to try to get J.R. to accept the fact that I'm leaving. Good luck. But I would like you to look after him. If you don't mind. You don't even have to ask. Well, he's going to need you a lot more when I'm gone. There's nothing I wouldn't do for him or you. Tad, don't. Don't what? I just said I'd look after J.R. for you. Look, I I would like you to go now. Now? Yes. It's so soon. Will I see you before you leave? I have things to do. I have to make arrangements for our trip. " Our " trip? What are you talking about? You said you were traveling alone. You have company? You just told J.R. that you're going solo. Now you got company?, what is it? I mean, is Lanie coming over and then flying back with you? Is that what's going on? What did I just say, Tad? No. You and Hayward aren't, like I mean, he's not going to take some kind of sabbatical No, Tad, I'm tired, okay? J.R .' s mad at me. You're giving me a hard time. So, I used the wrong word. It's a miracle I can form a sentence. Okay, I didn't mean to accuse you Yeah, you did. Well, I just don't like the idea of you and Hayward, you know Yeah, I know. That's not secret. I'm sorry I mentioned it. Me, too. Listen, I'm exhausted. Thank you for bringing J.R. home. You should you know, if we spoke to him . Who are you kidding? He's just as opposed to my going as you are. I will present your side of the issue. Tad, no. Thank you. Really, I can not discuss this any more tonight. Please go. I can take a hint. Can I at least talk to you tomorrow after work? Yeah. Tomorrow, after work. Great. I mean it. I'm going to call you from the office. Okay. Okay. I wanted to tell him. I just couldn't. You heard him. You heard what he said he'd choose me over you. He'd do it again. I just couldn't take that. I can't stay here. I can't stay here. Hi. I need to book a seat on a flight to Zurich, Switzerland. Yeah, I need the earliest possible flight out tomorrow morning. I wish I had something Maybe there's an upside to Leo being here. I've lost my appetite. You know, I never wanted any of this to happen, Greenlee. You don't have to tell me that. Oh, Foster, you are a miracle worker. Tell me, what did they find? Yeah? Oh. And the contents? Okay. No, I owe you. Really. Thank you, big-time. Bye. So, what's in the syringe? A drug used to induce a heart attack in an otherwise healthy person. Just like that guard that Exactly like him. And they lifted three prints. Anyone we know? Vanessa Cortlandt. Oh. Stamp's got to have at least nine lives. And, hey, Erica Kane wants him to pull through. No way would he dare do anything else. Erica, maybe you should lie down. Can I get you anything? Bianca. over? Is Chris out of surgery? Things are not as simple as they originally expected. What do you mean? They've run into complications. What? Joe, what? What's wrong? I don't know the details, but Hayward and his team are doing everything they can. And I'll let you know as soon as I find out anything. I put him in there. I did this I did this to him. Ryan, no. No, you didn't. Yeah, he saw that the gun was pointed at me. He pushed me out of the way. He took the bullet that was meant for me. 
Who is that? Look, Hayley You were telling someone information about the investigation. We trusted you. You are so clever, trying to ruin David. You've had your last chance, dear. Is Chris out of surgery? Things are not as simple as they originally expected. They've run into complications. I love you, Brooke. Will you marry me? (Noise) Don't move (Anna-gasps) Anna, what the hell are you doing here? Looking for Proteus, just like you. What do you mean, Ryan Lavery doesn't have the disc? What did he do, give it away? Auction it off on-line? He turned it in. To the police? To the Feds No Proteus. No, no I'm telling you, he handed it over. They have it locked in some safe, God knows where. You know what? If God only knows, you're, Mr. Timmins. Am I understood? Mr-.-Timmins What do you want from me? I want that disc. Mr-.-Timmins I told you, it's You know, if you don't find me that disc and get it back, I will hunt you down and shoot you myself. Am I clear? Huh. Don't you look at me that way. I am not insane. Any word on Stamp's condition? Can you believe I'm totally being frozen out? You, frozen? Speaking of which I know a guy in the morgue, however, who's going to call me if they bring anybody in, even if it's a john doe. So I think that Stamp is still alive. I got to know how the hell this happened. I mean, the Pine Cone with Erica, Kendall, and Ryan? What was that about? Could have been a setup. It was a setup . But they weren't aiming for Agent Stamp. What are you talking about? They wanted to kill Ryan Lavery. How do you know that? Because I made it happen. See, I thought I knew who my parents were, too, but I really don't want to talk about this, Kendall. Okay. It's just that I know what you're going through, Ryan. It's really hard to find out what you thought was true what you thought was the only true thing you ever knew at all wasn't. Isn't. Whatever. Have you guys heard anything? No. She never came out. She's still in there with him. And you've been sitting here all night? Well, I guess if anything had changed, she would've come out and said something. Why don't you tell her you're here? Mom? Who else are want to bother her. Well, she needs you. What do you mean? She asked for you. When? Last night. I wanted to help her, but she didn't want my help, so she asked for you. I'm a little rusty on my church history. Is there a Saint Erica, or is she vying for beatification all on her own? Kendall, do you ever give up? I know why you did what you did. He's your son. You'd die for him. Oh. Oh, Chris. Oh, Chris. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. Look he opened his eyes. Can you hear me, Agent Stamp? He's all right. I mean, he's going to be all right. Oh, Chris. Everything seems good. You rest. I'll page Sr. Martin. Thank you. You gave me Ryan is fine. He's here. He stayed here all night. He's right outside. Yeah? He's he's not hurt? No. No, you took care of that for him. I'll go get him, okay? You wait right here. Oh, of course you're going to wait right here. He's awake Yeah. He he asked for you, Ryan. The nurse just told us. Oh, he just he just looked right at me, and I just almost fainted myself because Ryan, I said he asked for you. Yeah, I heard you. Well, then, where are you going? As far away from this place as I can get. Over my dead body. Oh, my. You're afraid of me, aren't you? Answer me, Mary Ow. Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh. Can you just let me do that, darling, after all you've heard? Shh. But you told me that you don't kill family. That's your rule. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I know exactly what I said. But you are tempting me to break my own code here, so well, don't fret yet. What are you going to do with me? (Vanessa-chuckles) Well, now, my dear, that one is entirely up to you. I don't think Proteus is living here with my brother and his fiance. Okay. So why are you here, then? You first. I was looking for your mother. I thought maybe she came back here. All right, let's back up for a minute. Why are you looking for my mother? Or have you found something? I had the syringe tested. Okay. What did you find? The drug in a high dose. There's something else. What? What is it? Your mother's fingerprints they were the only ones on there, David. I'm sorry. Vanessa's Proteus. You you need to get yourself a hobby. David No, no, no, I mean it. Look I'm the last person in the world to defend my mother, but this David This this this is absurd, and you know it. You already said that you thought she was responsible for the death of her chauffeur. That doesn't make her a drug lord Come on Well, Stamp thinks that she's Proteus, too. Oh, oh. Then you know this? Mateo was attacked in the state pen. Stamp knew that it was going to happen. I already told you that the jail guard that did it, he was he died conveniently right what caused him his heart attack? All right, wait, wait just Traces of the drug that were in the syringe found in here. Now, if they weren't looking for it, they would never have seen it. She's my mother, Anna I know Look, I know that Vanessa's a lot of things, but she's not some methodical, you know, sociopathic damn it, come on, Anna She can't be David, I'm sorry. She is. I've been thinking a lot about what you said, about trying to help Frankie. Mm-hmm. I did try. But she let her feelings get in the way, you know. Youthful, natural mistake, but it cost her everything. Have you ever been in love? I know that's a weird question to ask right now, but but I agree with you. I think that that she made bad decisions, stupid mistakes. You know, I've I've never been in love. Not yet. So, what is it like? I've only ever really loved my sons. No, I mean Oh, Mary Margaret, I know exactly what you mean. You're trying to humanize me, aren't you? Just get me to have some feelings, to show some feelings. Oh, do you even have feelings? I feel more in a day than you have your entire life Although no one seems to ever take my side. Oh, that's not true, because Mom said Mom said that that you never drove Uncle Charles to his grave. Was she wrong? Well, Charles was weak. He was weak. He was destroying my family. How? Oh. He was destroying David's life before it even got started And that ungrateful son of mine inability to handle his own home. So did you make Uncle Charles kill himself? If he hadn't pulled that trigger, I would have pulled it for him gladly. And that's something my ungrateful son will never let me forget. Tell us what happened. Look, I have worked my butt off for you guys, and I'm not even on staff. I know how hard you've worked and I know what you've risked, Simone. You don't even know what I've risked, Edmund. What is that supposed to mean? You got emotionally involved with a married man in a very volatile situation. Is that it? I've handled this badly, and it's hard to talk about. Well, you've let us in this far. I really fell for Mateo. I didn't see it coming. I thought I could handle it. I didn't. And then when I saw had left to save face was the story that you guys hired me to do in the first place That got pulled. Yes. Where does Ryan fit into all this? I felt discarded, Edmund. And my phone rang. This big New York publisher got wind of what I was doing. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait, wait how would this New York Wait, wait, wait. Let her finish. This woman calls me. Her creds check out, so I thought. Basically she offers me this book deal on the Proteus investigation. How the hell would she know anything All she wanted in return is to be part of the daily updates. Oh. And that didn't raise a red flag? Well, sure it did. But I was I was hurt and and mad. I didn't look close enough at the signs. I started to double agent myself anyone know anything except my New York editor, every night. Okay. I don't I'm not sure I want to hear any more where this is headed. I do. I overheard Mateo and Hayley talking to Chris Stamp about some crucial info evidence that Ryan Lavery had. He had it stashed for them. And I told my editor about it. Who blew your cover for it? My editor was Proteus. What? Well, either that or high up on the food chain. I mean, all I know now is that once I did that, I might as well have painted a red bull's-eye on Ryan Lavery's chest. And then when they didn't hit him and they hit Chris Stamp I mean, I caused this whole thing. I trusted you more than I've trusted some of the best reporters I have. I know. How did this happen? I lost it. I know What's this? It's my resignation. I know better than to try to worm my way out of this. I hear they they need writers in Hollywood. You think I'm still young enough that maybe that was symbolic. What you did stinks, Simone. I know. But if you can convince yourself that this is the worst mistake you'll ever make, maybe you can work your way past this. You'd assign me again? I'd let you submit. How do you feel about this? I think you're a good writer. And if Edmund thinks that we can trust you again, I believe him. Why are you guys doing this for me? Oh, I don't know. But show me Mm-hmm. Any good reporter who hasn't screwed up royally at least once. Not in this room, I promise you. I was brought in for questioning by the . What about Derek? Is he pressing charges? Oh, they're talking about it. So did you get a lawyer? I mean, a good one? No. I guess I should, huh? Excuse me, Edmund. Yeah. Hey, you guys. Ted down in editorial he's screaming for you, and he didn't even need an intercom. Yeah, we had a meeting at 10:00. Everybody's down there waiting. Screaming, huh? Yeah, I'm coming. Are we cool on this? Yeah. Thank you, Edmund. Okay. And listen to Brooke. Get a good lawyer. We'll talk. Okay. Is he for real? Yeah, he is. Don't make me get ugly with you, Ryan. Erica, this is none of your business. That man in there is your father. I know this is all news what he did for you last night? No, you don't. I'll see you. He took a bullet for you, you ungrateful louse Look, I can only imagine what you've been going through since you found out that Chris is your father. (Kendall-sighs) Can you, Erica? Really? Chris Chris deserves to be thanked, if nothing else. Ryan, please do this. It would mean the world to him. I I just wanted to say thank you for what you did last night. Years years of training. Oh, please. You men are impossible. Chris didn't do what he did for you just because he was doing his job. Chris took that bullet for you, Ryan, because he's your father. We're strangers, Erica, so please save me the movie of the week crescendo, all right? The only thing I have in common with this guy is my you are Kendall Hart's mother. Look, Bianca, Erica really did ask for you last night. She was tired and upset and afraid, and I was right there with her, and she looked me in the eye and said she needed you. Kendall, why are you even telling me this? Because for one, brief second, I actually wanted to help her, and she didn't want my help. But if I could help her get you back in her life, then that's I have to go. What? Just if you talk to Chris, please let him know that I'm glad he's better, okay? Bianca, you can't oh, God. She really is her mother's daughter. Well, this was obviously a mistake. I'm glad that you're I'm glad you're okay and I'm glad that I'm not dead. So I guess we, no, no, no. I'm done. Ryan Ryan, wait. Ow Oh. What is it, Chris? Oh, God. What? No. I can't I What? I can't move I can't I can't move my legs. How are you doing, Chris? Oh, Joe, Joe Chris can't move his legs. Well, let me see what's going on. Dr. Martin needs to examine the patient in private. Joe? Erica, I will see you after I examine Chris. Please. Yeah. Chris, after the surgery, we took a pretty close look around. There's a bullet fragment lodged right next to your spine. And and you left it there? We had to. Your life was at stake. Believe me, repairing your heart was one hell of a job. 're going to do. Once you're stabilized, got your strength back, if there's no increase in mobility, we'll go back in there and remove the fragment and we'll take it from there. Yeah. I don't I don't hear any guarantees, Doc. Do I? Do I? This is a joke. Come on. I mean, there's no way that my mother's some drug kingpin Well, think about it. I am. I'm the only one thinking here. She has the means. She has the knowledge. She has an unbelievably foolproof cover. Oh. Being a social-climbing poser keeps you exempt from suspicion. This is so stupid. Come on, Anna. My mother's not smart enough to pull this off. I know it, believe me I think she is. I think she's brilliant. However, she's also vulnerable, which is whyn't believe this. Well, she was here. What the hell was she doing here? You know? And you said yourself that you heard someone else in here, like maybe she was hiding Yes, yes. She was hiding someone. Of course she was. That's because the woman is the town slut. Everybody knows that what? What? What are you doing? Well, I don't know who this belongs to. You're kidding, right? This is Greenlee's apartment, isn't it? Oh, no. That's not her style. It's not flashy enough. This is a cheap earring, like something a young person would wear. Look look if if Vanessa killed Larry, it was a crime of passion, all right? Like like like Paolo, like Like your father? David, I'm sorry. It's Vanessa. You have to see it. Hmm. Charles was more than just useless. He would have ruined David's life had he lived. So this no-killing rule isn't really set in stone, is it? (Vanessa-chuckles) Charles was my husband, not my family. You didn't love him? I wanted a child, and Charles served that purpose perfectly well, and he gave me one. You said before that he that he ruined David. What did you mean by that? Well, Charles knew very well that he couldn't compete with my love for David, so he took on being the most successful, wealthiest businessman in the world, and he almost pulled the whole thing off, too. What did he do? Well, my dear, you can't make that kind of money totally legally. So we both understood that. But Charles suddenly decided to develop a conscience. He said that he couldn't look David in the eye because of the way he weak? Because Charles' inability to keep his promises in all the plans that I had for David, and then the and then the call came. What call? Someone called and threatened my son because of the promises that Charles could not keep on the job. So I confronted him. Sniveling idiot sold out our family because he was scared So I had to take it over. I had to take it over. I had to keep it all clean. I had to keep it all clean and to keep David safe. So (Vanessa-chuckles) Well, that's the day I made a deal with the devil. So that's that's when you started this whole whole thing, whatever it is. You know, I never looked back. How did you do it? I bargained. I bargained for my son's life. So I took over what Charles was too weak to handle. And he well, the fact that I had taken over and did a better job of what he abandoned. Oh. So he killed himself? It was the best thing that ever happened to me. I can't process any of this right now. (Doorbell-rings) Wait. Oh, hi. Hi. Hi, Bianca. I'm looking for Leo. Yeah, so am I. Is something wrong? Ah we're just trying to find that out, actually. Oh Oh Oh, I'm sorry. Where did you get this? We found it here. Why? It's it's Maggie's. Maggie's? Are you sure about that? Yeah, I notice her jewelry a lot. I notice a lot about her. She just looks just like Frankie. She was wearing it the last time I saw her. Why? What is it doing here? (Vanessa-chuckles) sort of deep psychological battle here, don't you? But, in fact, that's not what's happening at all. See, I'm telling you about my past in order to comfort you. Comfort me? Hmm. Well, you're a force to be reckoned with. Hmm. Not at all like my mother. Hmm. Well, you should know that sisters are well, can be very different. I mean, Mary Frances she was very vulnerable, but she was brave. You don't think I'm brave? Well, I think you think you are. Oh, don't underestimate me. Oh, no, because you don't know what I can do and who I am. Oh, oh, oh. Well, who knew? Who knew what? That you would remind me so much of myself. Hmm, hmm, hmm. Now, dear, you did didn't you? Hmm? Next move is your choice. Hmm. You know, there are great advantages, distinct advantages, making a deal with the devil. I mean, look at me. I have all the power in the world. Do you? Well, I have all the power I need over you. And, so, what will it be, Mary Margaret? Are you going to take it? Ryan, you shouldn't feel guilty. What? This guy has been trouble since the day he showed up here, and now he goes off and he does this this this stupid thing. He gets shot and I have to owe him forever? How can you say such a thing? How can you talk like that? He's your father. Even if he is, he's no better than the one that's dead and buried. What an awful thing to say Chris is your real father You are the pot calling the kettle black this morning, aren't you? What? Back off him, okay? He's got enough to deal with without your righteous indignation bleeding all over the floor here. This is none of your business. Isn't it? This this this is crazy. Ryan We have to go back in there when Joe comes out. Chris needs you. Man, you are such a piece of work. Oh, I so knew better than this. Like falling in love with a married man? Like that never happens? I admit it, Brooke. At first I thought, heck, you know? This guy's hot. I could pretend to be his girlfriend, you know? No problem. He's got a wife, a kid. He loves them. And I still let myself crash. You didn't let yourself, Simone. Love doesn't yourself from loving Edmund? How did you know about Edmund? Well, the ring on your finger kind of confirms what this whole place has been talking about long before I got here. People knew? All right. Like I said, love makes the rules for you. Well, at least you found someone that you can love back, that loves you. Are you still hung up on Mateo? Not in my mind. In your heart? It takes a little longer. Well, you don't want to hear this I know you don't but, you know, your heart will heal, and eventually there will be a place in it for somebody else. So Can I ask you how long you and Edmund have known? What, that we were in love with each other? Yeah. A long time. It's just that the time wasn't right until now. Helps, timing. Yeah. Thank you, Brooke, for even dealing with me. Listen, just fix this and move on, okay? I will. Talk to Amy. We'll schedule a lunch for next week. Thank you. Okay. Timing? You were eavesdropping. Can I kiss you in your office? Why not? Seems like everybody knew long before we knew. Good reporters. I guess. Stop it. You know, it's it's it's one thing for everyone to know. However, it's another to rip each other's clothes off in my office at 11:00 in the morning. I could close the door if you want. Edmund Grey, stop it. Okay. Here's something slightly more romantic than morning sex on your desk. Oh. I'm holding my holding my breath. Can you get your act together to marry me Why are you guys looking at each other like that? Look, Maggie was trying to figure out who killed Frankie. If something happened Well, how was she doing that? Long story. There's a book of sonnets. We thought there might be a hidden message from Frankie What Like a code Did she know that Vanessa was here? I don't know. That noise that I heard yesterday that Maybe it wasn't her boyfriend. Whose boyfriend? I mean, Maggie could have got too close. And if Vanessa knew something about Frankie's murder Oh, my God. I don't want to think it, but perhaps Maggie was here against her will. Would Vanessa go after her own niece? Look, I'll work with you if it keeps me alive, and I'm not stupid. And I'll stick by you, and and And you think I'm going to buy a turnaround like that just like that? What are you talking about? You've been trying to work me for the past hour You think I'm a joke, don't you? You think I'm a joke No, I don't Just like David. (Vanessa-laughs) Well, I have other sons I I have Leo, and he will stand by me. Vanessa, I'm telling you, I will work for you. You think that I am going to stand still and let let you or that ungrateful son of mine that son who would have nothing if it weren't for me take everything away all the years I've worked for? You know something, darling? I may be Proteus. I may be. But I'm not going to take the fall for Proteus. Oh, no, no, no, no. I don't understand for betraying me. Oh, yes. When they lock somebody away, it's going to be him, not me. And that ungrateful son of mine who would have nothing without me he'll be remembered but only as a not as a famous cardiologist, but only as Proteus, Proteus, the infamous Proteus, forever. Joe. Chris asked me not to let you in. What? Well, what's wrong with his legs? There's a bullet fragment next to his spine. Once he gets his strength back, we'll go in and remove it. Then we'll see. Has Chris been told this? I'm going in there. Erica I am told that you don't want to see me. Chris, please please, let let me see you. Let me be in here with you. Get out. Get out. Don't talk to me that way. . You stay away from me. You and Ryan. You you just get the hell out of my life, you hear me? 
Daddy, Leo and I got married after all. Please wake up and tell me that you're happy for us. When you fired into a crowded room, you could've killed innocent people. That's my problem. Oh, my God. Maria. Promise me that I am not going to lose him You're not going to lose Edmund. I've never gotten a mystery message before. As Shaggy Zoinks Like, who'd want us down here in the middle of the night? I don't understand. Is this just someone's idea of a joke? I De-livered man Oh, man. Tim, you're supposed to be in the hospital. Most of my vital organs are intact, so but thanks for the concern. Well, thanks, but I've had my keel-over quota for the day. Yeah, I know. The news babes were practically hyperventilating about what went on at the wedding. So I, well, J.R .' s banged-up life Oh, what, we ought to hide out or something? Normal voice Yeah, right. No, we could have a bang-bang party Oh Right Edmund, I swear, this this is not what it looks like. What the hell are you doing here with your ex-husband? Damn. Come on. Beating yourself up isn't going to help. You saw me do the same thing when I lost a patient. But you lost a patient while you were fighting for his life. I aimed and succeeded in killing a man, maybe for all the wrong reasons. Leo Somebody get security Armed security, stat. Lock down this hall Leo, thank God, my baby Restrain her. No, no, you've got to run and hide You have to run no, Leo, He will kill you He will kill you The situation was chaos, Anna. You were pumping adrenaline. No, to be truthful, I was coming down from being drugged. Which means you were even more amazing. What exactly were you supposed to do? Well, what I've been trained to do, which is clear the area, secure it, and try to talk the gunman down if I could have. You saved my brother's life. I'm not going to say that you did something wrong. Right or wrong, it can be seen as being unprofessional. Oh, God. Oh, I need this job, David, I need it. Of course you do. And you've earned it. Montgomery's been after my badge since day one. He's constantly accusing me of shirking my duty. To protect me. I keep talking about the job, but I I don't not going to happen. What has it been like for you these past few weeks, you know, with your hand out of commission? You haven't been in the O.R. It's been like living half a life. Well, see? You know, I mean, I need focus, too. I need to feel like I belong, and I do now as chief and I'm going to fight for that. And you should, because you're going to win, Anna. Everybody in this town is grateful to you for taking out Wolfe. Well, I don't know. I mean, I feel like this shooting has given Jackson the ammo he needs. I mean, he can do it now. He can make me choose between the job I need and the man I love. Yes. Chief. What? Oh, yeah, okay, we'll be right there. Your mother's turned up. She's Bring her right in. don't. There's restraints in here. Restrain this woman. There's no escaping her. Come on, I'm getting you out of here. Let's go. No. Greenlee, your dad can't have any more visitors tonight. Let's go. I don't want to see him. What, you want to spend our wedding night at the hospital? You might want to see Vanessa. No, I don't want to see Vanessa. At least find out what's going on with her. Listen to me, Vanessa is what she's always been a deranged, homicidal faker. And your mother. (Jack-chuckles) Still a control freak, huh? I can certainly recognize that look, that, " Boy, if somebody would just put me in charge " Then I would the stop the chaos. You know I would. Yeah, must do " attitude, too. And I recall that you used to tell me there were simple answers to difficult questions. Oh, well, you don't have to worry about that anymore. I've realized how full of it I was in those days. Believe me, I learned it the hard way. You know, I I know that I've always tried to make choose between your mother and me I've already made my choice, Greenlee. You've tried. But no matter how awful they are, you just can't cut out a parent. I am completely and totally devoted to you. I know, but you also care about Vanessa. I don't I don't care about Vanessa. You don't have a choice. Greenlee, she tried to destroy us and she tried to kill you. For God's sakes She failed. So far. Leo never seen before. No, I'm not buying into this latest angle, so come on. It wasn't an angle. I know my mother. It's always an angle. No, not this time. This time it was love, love for her son. Make this good, Brooke. Make this very, very good. I love you so much. That doesn't really square with finding you in bed with Tad. We were not in bed. You're getting sloppy, Brooke. You know, your behavior, your story it's not like you. I'm doing my best. No, you want to get caught. You want to come clean. You know you do. You're right, I don't I don't want to keep anything from you. Okay. Then just tell me ahem why you're jeopardizing everything we have, everything we've Edmund, please trust me, please. You're my happiness, okay? More than that. I only want to do what's right for you and what the best thing is for you. Okay. But if the positions were reversed, would you trust me? If Maria were alive and I snuck off for some secret meeting in the desert I I don't know what I'd do or what I'd feel. You'd feel like everything you believed in, everything you loved just got blown apart. I'm sorry Then stop it right now, okay? Just stop this before it goes too far and tell me why you're here right now. He's right. He deserves the truth. Tad, please And if you don't tell him, I'm going to. Wow, who took over this place? Nobody. It's Leo and Greenlee's stuff. Gosh, out of the Valley Inn, huh? No, just they couldn't stand how fake their wedding was getting, so they ditched the big production and had the ceremony right here. No way. After everything that went down? Yeah, I heard Leo's mom tried to off Greenlee twice? Yeah, and I heard her dad got shot. Yeah, I just hope that Mr. Smythe makes it. Yeah, me, too. Thanks. So did did Leo sound okay when he called? Well, it was just a message, but yeah. I hope Greenlee's all right. You know, her perfect wedding day detonated? So answer the bazillion-dollar question why would anyone ever get married? Oh, what do you have against marriage? You know, most weddings don't end in a shootout. Hello? Children of broken homes. Marriage is the end of fun. Hmm, and dates do the whole male-versus-female thing here, but I'm going to have to go with Tim on this one. I mean, my dad and Liza? I'm lucky they're not nuclear armed. Look, I know it's cool to rip on marriage and stuff, and I'm primed to do it normally, but in my secret fantasy life what? What? Nothing, we get to hear a girl's secret fantasies. Well, even they don't go your way, Tim. Maggie-and-J.R. Oh Shot down No, well, we'll take what we can get on this one. All right, okay, fair enough. In my deep, dark, hot fantasies, I want to blow off all the crap and concentrate on the cornball moments. I want to grow up ready, willing, and able to have a ceremony, a commitment just like this. To Leo and Greenlee. To friends who get you through anything. Cheers. Hey, J.R ., think that canoe thing floats? Uh, yeah. Why, you want to take it out? Yeah, let's go for a little ride. Why don't you grab those paddles? Okay. Whoops, sorry. So did Bianca inherit some anti-conflict thing while I was gone? Um, no, I've never seen her bolt like that before. Weird, isn't it? What? How we always end up alone together. Look ; you've got every right to be angry, okay? Mm-hmm. But not at Brooke. You can't blame her for how crazy or how cruel the world is. Tad, let me handle this. She knows what it's like firsthand when we think the people that we love are dead and gone. Please stop. I'm begging you, just Sometimes the loss is a little more it keeps on hitting you from all these bizarre angles, and And you deserve your soul mate Yeah, I guess you do. Maybe you're right. I'd give anything to see Dixie again. Just one last time. Okay, that still doesn't explain the secret trip to the desert. Do you remember two years ago I came out here, that little foray to the Queen of Hearts Cafe, right? I'd screwed up with Dixie and she came out here looking for me so that we would have another chance, okay? In the end, it led Stuart back to Pine Valley. Now call it what you want. You know, call it reliving the past or just making a trip to the lost-and-found of missing souls. I just I wanted to come back. Okay. So I understand you want to be close to your wife. Why are you here with him? Because she's been with me from the, she's the only person I've been able to find who can bear the unbearable. Okay. So you had to put him back together again. Why didn't you tell me? What could I say that would make it okay with you? Ahem. Tad Tad, I know I know you hurt, okay? I know just how much you hurt and for how long, but these new depths of hell that you're going to do not justify the lies Edmund, you'll regret this. No, you cling to women I don't care but you always seem to grab onto my fiancee. Well, if that's the fact, then why don't you lighten up on Brooke and blame me? I blame both of you. Brooke, you know you know who he is, you know what he's done, and you know what he's cost us. And this perpetual threesome is going Edmund, you got to come off your soapbox. Get out of my relationship, Tad Whether you know it or not, your fiancee is tearing her guts inside out trying to do the right thing. Oh, yeah? Then why don't you explain that kiss at the pit? I want you to stay here and find out what's up with your mother. This is how you want to spend our wedding night, Greenlee? Well, I'd rather be in Bermuda sipping a margarita, but I'm just blissed-out that I'm married to you. You really are the ultimate bride. Mm-hmm. And you're also wiped out. So why don't you go home, slip into something naked, and I'll be back soon. Wait for me. I think a hot bubble bath might be in order. Yeah. But you need Yeah, I need you to be home safe back as soon as I can. I'll be waiting. Okay. Leo. Where is she? What's going on? Well, Vanessa came stumbling in here, babbling. Is she secured? Yeah, is she ever secured? Listen, I was going to go talk to her and figure out what's going on, but I don't I don't know if I can handle it, man. If that's what you want to do, I'm right beside you. Come on. Okay. Come on. Did you see how Mrs. Cortlandt entered the hospital? No, ma'am. I Excuse us, please. You're stopping me from doing my job now, Jackson. I just wanted you to know that I'm not the only watching you anymore. It seems that Internal Affairs has taken an interest. I'll be sure to wear lip-gloss. to a safe place, Leo. But why did Wolfe want to kill me? But we're safe? The Wolfe. Ma, the Wolfe. The Count's assistant. That blackmailer. Just want my money or my heart. And, what, you just couldn't part with the cash? Because it's keeping you alive, Leo. Okay, that's a new one. I don't buy it. You know what I think she's really saying? That if she told Wolfe about the money, he'd have no use for her any longer, he'd get rid of her. He wanted to make me watch you die at your wedding. But you see, I kept silent. I did. I knew it. Find some way of stopping him. His injections so sick. No. Then I rushed him. I ruined his shot, didn't I? I ruined it? You took off you away. Because your life, Dear, depends your life yeah. Okay, so our approaches to law enforcement are radically different, but our goals are exactly the same, so why can't we build a relationship based on that? Maybe we could if you didn't let your methods and your personal relationships destroy case after case. Oh, right, so this isn't about crime-fighting then. You're after my job because you don't like my husband. Oh, this is about crime-fighting, all right. Your husband's a criminal. Oh, Leo, I love you. Then you prove it to me. Tell me where the money is. Leo, I can't because Wolfe he's unstoppable. He has to kill No, no, listen to me, Wolfe is dead. Okay? Anna shot him. Wolfe's dead. He died instantly, Vanessa. Oh, God turmoil, I saved my precious son. Oh. Tell me where the money is. Hey. Vanessa, hey. Hey. Tell me Leo, it's okay, it's okay. Look, let's just forget about Vanessa for tonight, okay? She's secure ; she's not going anywhere. Now it's time for you to focus on what's important. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to clear you and Anna and me. I appreciate that, but it's your wedding night, Leo. Go home. All right. Come on, come on, let's go. Greenlee needs you. Thank you. Thank you for being my big brother. Hey anytime. Anytime. And you. Thank you so much for saving my life. I'm glad that I could. All right. Go home. All right. We'll see you so what's going on? Vanessa's doing it again, right? This this temporary insanity, it's just a ruse? Milk or lemon? Uh milk. Did you call the hospital? Your father's still critical. Oh. You want to tell me what happened when you went in to see him? No. Okay. I want to tell you some things about your father. I don't want to hear about it. There was a time when he loved you exactly as a father was supposed to love his daughter. It's way too late for damage control, Mother. Just listen to me. He used to pay off your nanny so that he could keep you all day. He used to sleep on the floor by your crib if you so much as even coughed. So, where'd that Roger go? Away with me. What? Well, you know you were walking, I had him off jet-setting and partying all over the place again. I had to keep my Roger away from my competition you. But I was your baby. But you stole my husband's heart. And I thought that if I kept him away from you that it would save our marriage, not realizing that I was destroying my family in the process. No. No, I've had enough today. I can't handle this. Greenlee, you have just married a man who adores you. With Leo by your side, you can handle anything that happens. You don't think Daddy's going to make it. Let's pray that he does. But if he doesn't, I want you to know the truth. No. Greenlee, the truth is the only thing I have to offer you right now. You were robbed of the father you should have had and the love that he would have Look, I don't think you two are having an affair. I think what's going on between you is far deeper than sex. Edmund I'm talking to Brooke. And I'm listening. You say your marriage to me is the most important thing in the world, it's what you want, but Tad gets your time, Tad gets your energy, your secrets? Because No more excuses, Brooke If there's someone between us, what we have is going to die. Don't you think I know that? Don't you think sometimes I just want to curl up with you and just let this whole bizarre world disappear? Then do it. I can't. Then there's no reason for me to think that Tad won't always come first. I should just bow out now. All right, wait, wait Just just brace yourself because I'm going to this godforsaKen desert To save my sanity. Look, trust me, okay? Just take it from a guy who's hurting, she didn't kiss me back, Edmund. You got 100% of her heart. You don't look like you're hurting. Well, I've had a lot of help holding it together. Okay, you've earned your merit badge. You want to help us get back together? Just tell me how. Come home with me, right now. So, what's the real story? About what? You. You weren't let out of the hospital tonight, were you? I released myself. Oh, you're feeling that good, huh? I am when I'm around you. Or it could be that I was marinating in antibiotics, so Oh, is that another pickup line? Why, is it working? No, not I got really cooped up and, you know, the hospital gown wasn't doing much for the nurses, so I came to get some fresh-air poisoning. Man, you can really get lost up here, can't you? Yeah. Lets you take a major break, right? What do you need a break from? Oh, let's see. Well, all this talk of death and what might've been. The search for dignity, purpose, and cheap rent. Heavy stuff. I'm still looking for intelligent life in the universe. Oh, yeah? Which is why I'm glad you're here. Oh, well, if you're looking for a fight about baseball and crazy family, you can count me out. Look, I just want to hang. Well, this is a good place for that. Yeah. Yeah, real good. You think you robbed me? Of course Mother. You spend money, you have less. You spend love, you get more. Well, you certainly didn't learn that one from your parents. Oh, I wish. What? I I wish I knew whether you took milk or lemon in your tea. It'd be nice to feel close to one parent. But I thought you and Roger were creating What, a pile of lies? Oh, Greenlee. Some people, some men are very moldable, like clay. And if they find the right woman or the right position, they become their best selves. But your father fell into my life. Roger made his own choices. Yes, he did, but I want you to know that he made them out of weakness and not out of badness. Well, Leo would never do that. No, Leo, your husband, would never do that. My husband. I like home right now. (Key-turns-in-lock) Honey, I'm home. Leo. Take care of her Leo, for all the people who love her. Oh, I will, Mare. Good night, Darling. Mother? Thanks for hanging out. Thank you for having me. You okay? I am now. Right now, your mother is responding to people and events, not trying to manipulate. That is an improvement. I guess. So you're saying that she's not a fake? Not at the moment. Look, I'll keep you up to date on her treatment. Okay, Jake, don't keep me waiting for your usual lecture. I know I brought a visitor in to a psych patient without authorization. Yeah, well, you came through for Leo, and I understand why. Uh, my hand has recovered full movement. My private patients are expecting me back in the Feel free to schedule surgery. Good. I'll study the charts tonight. Work will help. Yeah. Yeah, work is a necessity, for both me and Anna. There's a flight back tonight. Good. I'm glad. I'm dying to get back home, back to us. I'll pay the bill. What about being close to your wife? Didn't work. So you're going back to Pine Valley? No, I'm just going back to be with my son. Any particular reason why you just booked one room tonight? Oh, lot of lonely people around here. Guess the place was booked. Edmund? Yeah? Will you be able to get past get past this? I don't know. Oh, hold up. You guys going to exchange vows now or something? Um yeah. I vow never, spray. I mean, why couldn't Leo and Greenlee get citronella candles? Stop, it's so beautiful. I know. It's way more romantic than the setup at the Valley Inn. Oh, I just wish I could've been here for the real thing, you know? Well, you made it to the after-party, didn't you? So did you beach the boat? Yeah. Why, you want to take it out? Yeah, I do. So, you and Tim getting along? Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I barely knew her sister, Frankie. I hooked up with her, though, but I barely knew her. But this Maggie, she seems pretty tight. Yeah, there's nothing like a chick who knows everything. Just wonder what would've happened if I hadn't shown up. Edmund, you know despite all the craziness that you are the only one way I'll be able to forgive you. How? Tell me what you're really doing here in the middle of the desert. I already have. I need some air. I'll get the car. Good. Yes, can you tell me if Maureen Gorman is still registered at the motel? She's checked out? Thank you. It's not her. It couldn't be. Maria's not alive. Ah. We finally did it. Hmm. Despite everyone and everything, we did it. We're husband and wife. Mm-hmm. I always thought that that would make life perfect. Me, too. But your mother will always be your mother. And now my father's in critical condition. Greenlee, I don't know I don't know how I'm going to do it, but I'm going to make up for everything. My mother and care. My father is a money-grubbing leech and a dirty old man. Oh, hey, come on. Now, you gave me the go-ahead to care for Vanessa, and I'm going to give you the go-ahead to forgive Roger. Okay? But he's so weak. He's so messed up. The doctors say that he could that he might not Shh. Baby, it's okay. It's okay. Look. Look. See that? We're hooked up forever. No matter what, I'm going to be right beside you. Okay? We can take on anything. Thought those two were on the same side. See you tomorrow, David. Thanks. I very strongly suggest that you retain counsel. Yes, I will. But I suggest that you go out there and find criminals to prosecute instead of persecuting me. I'm a colleague, Jackson. You'd just better hope I tell you, it was torture just standing by, but I thought I should let you fight your own battle. Thanks. Well, looks like you've got Jackson on the retreat. No. He thinks the shoot was bad. He's filed a complaint with the I.A.D. Internal Affairs? All right, so what does that mean? I could lose my job, be sued, brought up on murder charges, spend the rest of my life in jail. I don't know. Look at her eyes. Mm-hmm? Did you change her meds? No, no. Her disassociation trigger has always been self-preservation. This time it was her son. Which one? Leo. When she learned he was safe, she just checked out. 
Do you think that I could do something this vicious and not even remember it? Adam showed me the shirt. I think you did it. Kendall's entire reason for living has been hating me. Now that Ryan's gone, she's going to sleep, eat, and drink revenge. If you show your face on that site again, I'm going to call the police. Opal. Opal, hi. When did this happen? How is Palmer? What did the doctors say? Well, I got a call from Lorraine. You know, that maid at the Valley Inn that I hired to kind of keep an eye on the old goat, give him his three squares a day and everything? And so, what happened? Well, she was bringing in his lunch, and when he didn't answer the knock, she let herself in. She found him sprawled out there on the floor. Oh. He couldn't catch his breath, and so him. I'm just waiting to hear. Oh, he is so lucky. I mean, you probably saved his life. Joe. Joe, how is he? Oh, please tell me that he's going to be okay. Ladies, I wish I could. Liza? Hey. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm just waiting for Dr. Greenberg to bring me my test results. So, where's the entourage? The what? The entourage Adam and Mia. I was going to see if I could steal your sister away for a quick bite, if you could spare her. Adam and Mia went home a little while ago. Oh. Oh, well, I guess I'll just have to book an appointment with Adam if I want to see Mia. Well, in the meantime, listen, why don't I go grab Greenberg and see what he has to say, right back. Oh, hi, Jake. Hey, Marian, Stuart. Looking good. Thanks. Right back at you. Good to see you. You, too. Boy, there goes one great guy. And what a catch for Mia, huh? Well, if Jake is who Mia wants. Well, who would be better suited for Mia than Jake, Darling? Mr. Chandler, this just came from the salon. It's perfect. She'll love it. Would you take it up to her bedroom? Yes, Sir. Designer threads for the wife who's embezzling you? Never mind that. What do you have? Well, unlike Liza, numbers don't lie. This should be more than enough for you to divorce your embezzling wife and boot her out of Chandler Enterprises. My advice is to go for the kill now. I'll decide what to do with my, divorce can be a drawn-out procedure. Unless you've got something else in store for Liza. Mother, would you do me a favor? I'll do anything for you, my darling. I couldn't eat before my tests. Would you go across the street and get me something a smoothie, blueberry? One blueberry smoothie coming up. Thanks. Stuart, why don't you show Liza the picture that Colby painted for her Mommy? I'll be back in a flash, my darling. Okay. Love you. Bye. This yeah, this is it's Colby Colby and I have been working on perspective, and this, you can see, Adam's head is about as big as the house. Yeah. And look at you. You're so little. And, of course, there's Aunt Mia. Liza? Are you okay? You don't seem yourself today lot lately. Did Colby's drawing upset you? Well, Joe, just give it to me straight, will you? I mean, what's wrong? Opal, I didn't mean to alarm you. Palmer's condition has stabilized. Well, that's good news. Yeah, but what is the matter with him? Exhaustion and dehydration have aggravated his heart condition. And frankly, if he doesn't start taking care of himself, the next time, he may not be so lucky. Well, I'm going to see to it that there is no next time. I mean, that stubborn old coot, he thinks he knows everything. He never follows his doctor's orders. He'll think twice when I am done with him. Opal Palmer asked me to give you a message. Go home. Can you still remember how it seemed that we could live forever in a lovers' dream? Ryan-'s-voice I'll make sure that it stays off for good. You know what I'm saying? Kendall-'s-voice Why? You own this roach motel? No, I don't own it. I'm staying across from you, okay? Really? Well, hi, neighbor. Want to party? No, I don't. I told you what I want. I want quiet. A silly little love song for myself Who are you? The name's Stan. I hear you're in arrears. What? Behind on your motel bill. Oh, I worked out a deal with Artie, the manager. Well, I'm the owner. So whatever deal you worked out with Artie is smoke. Which doesn't mean that you and I can't do business. Do you want to pay, or do you want to play? So, babe, you be good to me, and I'll be good to you I'll get you your money. Let me check out your assets. What part of " no " don't you get? Hey, man, we're doing business here. Good. 50 ought to cover a couple of nights in this dump. Now, beat it. You still owe me. I'll be back to collect. What a scuz. Thanks, Chris. You can save your gratitude. I just did you a favor, and now you can pay me back. How? You leave this town and don't come back ever. I don't get you, Stamp. You just paid for me to stay. I just paid the sleaze off so you didn't have to play mattress tag for your rent. You did that for me? No. No, I did it for Ryan. I wasn't going to let him do anything. Please, please, go into your act, and I was about to get sick. You're wrong about me. You know, the only good thing about Ryan being gone right now is he doesn't have to be here to see you crawl. Forget you Start packing. Hello. Genius, I'm broke. No one's going to give me a free ride. What's this? That's a one-way plane ticket back home to Florida, Kendall, and some cash to tide you over until you get some honest work. Now you have no excuse to stay here. All you have to do is get on the plane and never come back. Well, I don't know why I would ever expect that old polecat Opal, I am sure that Palmer didn't mean No, no, listen, I got the message loud and clear. That old goat wants me to scram? Well, consider me scrammed. Palmer sees you No, I'm really sorry, but Palmer was quite definite about not wanting visitors, especially Opal. Well, he'll see me, Joe. You wait right here, Opal, because I'm going to give that old polecat a lesson in gratitude. Palmer, I hope that I'm not disturbing you. Well, yes, you are, and I told Joe You can tell Joe, you can bark orders at Joe Martin, but Erica Kane takes orders from nobody, including you. Erica, come here. I'm sorry, Stuart. Here. It's just that I think that the brain tumor might be back, and if that's true, then I could be a danger to my daughter. You could hurt Colby? No, you could never do that. You love her too much. I love Adam, too, but somehow I took a machete to one of was just dumb luck he wasn't in it at the time. Why would you do something like that? I have no idea. I don't even remember doing it. Well, maybe you didn't do it. A lot of people would like to slice Adam up. He's got a lot of enemies. Who raid corporations, not his wardrobe. I think it had to be me. And the way that I've been acting lately Can I sit down? Yeah, yeah. Everybody has a bad day now and then. This isn't just a bad day, Stuart. It's been going on for weeks. But to get this upset over a torn shirt It's not just a shirt. It's a lot of things. I mean, things disappearing, me seeing things and hearing things. I think I hear something, and then I find out later on it's completely different. Marian. Yesterday, she asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee, and I thought she was asking me, " Why are you so doppy? " Do you ever get so angry and you accuse Marian of cheating on you? No. You know, I can't help but think about that day in the park when I lost Colby and I didn't even remember being with her at the time. Liza, you were sick then. What if I'm sick again? What if it's worse this time? What if I'm a danger to people that I love? No, I don't think that could possibly be true. But no matter what, you don't have to worry about Colby. I don't? Why not? Because Adam and Mia love her so much. Even if you did get sick, they'd take care of her. They'd keep her safe. I pay you to is none of your damn business. You're the boss. Don't you forget it. Daddy, Daddy Ah, Sweetheart. Sorry, Adam. I thought you and Trey were finished. No, just finishing up a few minor details. Well, what's going on, pumpkin? Is Mommy still in the hospital? Oh, yes, she is, but she'll be home soon. Good, because I miss her. Yeah, I miss her, too. But your Aunt Mia's here. She can do anything Mommy can. Excuse me. It is time for Miss Colby's bath. Okay, you run along with Winifred. Mia and I will be up later. We'll tuck you in and kiss you good night. I love you, Daddy. I love you, too, Sweetheart. Well, it's such a nice night out. I think I'm going . You should be upstairs changing. Why? The fundraiser. Arts in Education. Liza's on the board. You're taking her place, remember? Oh, Adam look, I changed my mind. I can't do it. Why not? There's no way I can take Liza's place. Oh, that's where you're wrong. Liza, I'm going to tell you something that will help you stop worrying. I'm going to talk to Adam, and I'm going to tell him that you're afraid for Colby. No, no, don't, Stuart. Don't do that. Don't do that. He's worried about me, and I don't want to pile my fears on top of him. Adam's very strong. I know, but I can be strong. Don't say anything to him. Don't say anything to my mother. You mean know how you hate that. Yeah, well, so does Marian, and so does Adam. Well, maybe just for a little while? Please? So you can talk to him about it first? Yes. Yes, and I will. So, where do you think my mother is? Oh, the smoothie? Yeah, probably. I'll go find her. I'll go look for her. Dr-.-Greenberg Oh Mr. Chandler. Hi. Bye. Dr-.-Greenberg Uncanny. How are you, Liza? Anxious. You have my test results? Dr-.-Greenberg Best possible news your tumor has not returned. Yet. Dr-.-Greenberg And there's no indication that it ever will. Well, if it did, what kind of symptoms would I be experiencing? Dr-.-Greenberg Your husband has grilled my partner pretty extensively on that subject. Symptoms for the return of a tumor might include Excuse me, I'm sorry. My Dr-.-Greenberg Several weeks ago. I was out of town on a sabbatical at a symposium, and Dr. Dacarlo filled in for me. So Adam came to him and asked him information on my condition? Dr-.-Greenberg Yes. Apparently, he was very upset. He didn't share that with you? No. But he probably didn't want to worry me about it, so since it's my condition, maybe you can just get me up to speed. Dr-.-Greenberg Yes. Warning signals for the return of a tumor might include such things as memory lapses, disorientation, auditory and visual hallucinations. Hallucinations? Dr-.-Greenberg Seeing things that aren't there. Like lights flashing or something like that? Dr-.-Greenberg Exactly. And hearing things incorrectly. Dr-.-Greenberg Yes. It's a misfiring of the way the brain perceives information. It's interesting. Dr-.-Greenberg But as I said, your CT scan is perfectly clear, so any fears you have would be ungrounded. Thank hope your husband doesn't mind that I informed on him. No. No, I won't say anything. Oh, but don't leave. When do I get to go home? Dr-.-Greenberg Right now. I'll have the duty nurse call Mr. Chandler and have him come pick you up. No, no, don't do that. This is really good news, and I want to surprise Adam myself. Weren't you about to get me that Ingalls file out of your car? Right away. Yeah. Now, about that fundraiser I know you think I'm a very silly person, but the charity circuit it's just not my thing. Why not? Schmoozing with C.E.O.s, trying to hit them up for donations that's your life, Adam. That's where you and Liza shine. Well, Liza and I are hardly society brats. I was raised in pigeon hollow, for crying night was possum stew and lantern slides. Well, you've certainly come a long way from Pigeon Hollow. Well, I picked up what I needed along the way, and so will you. I don't really think so. I'm more of a behind-the-scenes kind of person. That would be a waste of a beautiful face. I'm not anywhere near as gracious or poised as Liza is. Oh, come on, forget Liza. I mean, you just have to be yourself and you will charm the socks off those stuffed shirts the way you've charmed all of us. Look ; even if I think I can pull this evening off, I don't have anything to wear. Behold your fairy godfather. Excuse me? I've gotten one of Liza's designers to whip you up an appropriate confection, complete with shoes, bag, and earrings. Winifred's putting it all in your room. You know, it's just Oh, but it's it's for a very worthy cause, and it's an obligation, believe me. Liza will be very grateful that you're handling it for her. Takes a lot of stress off of her. Well, if you put it that way, I guess it would be kind of selfish if I refused. Then you'll go? I'd be honored. Thanks for talking me into it. Good. Maybe you should go up and change. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What are you smiling about? Because I finally get it. You're not just dumping your wife. You're trading in the old model for a new one. Why all this fuss over a few heart palpitations? My heart's going to be just fine in the morning. It really is. Palmer, I wish that were true, but it takes time for a heart to mend the vaguest notion what you're talking about. Palmer this is me you're speaking to. You can't fool me. I know what's got you down, Palmer. Losing Dixie was a blow to just about everyone, but to you, I know it was like losing a daughter. Oh, God. Erica, I miss her so much. Damn it. I just I don't know how I'm going to go on without her. Oh, Palmer. You can save your trip to nowhere and your money. I'm not leaving. Why? What's the problem? I'm looking at it. You don't get it, do you, Kendall? Nobody wants you around here. You're the town pest. Do I look like I care? Yeah. Yeah, it does. That's why I'm going to leave this here with you, let you sleep on it. And if me up on my offer and get the hell out of town. You got some hell of a nerve holding on to something that's not yours. No. Ryan gave it to me. Yeah, he gave it to you. He gave it to you when he thought you were someone worth sharing his life with, someone who wouldn't stab him through the heart the first chance that she got. What, you mean like your slutty pie Gail did? Shut up. Notice I didn't ditch Ryan to go back to some drug-dealing wife beater You shut that trap of yours No, no No way in hell No, you can't have this. It's all I have left of Keep it. Whatever meaning it had, it's gone. What? Are you here to help her? No, I think Kendall can handle her own affairs. Well, you both can just go to Let me offer you some free advice you give Kendall a wide berth, a very wide berth. That won't be a problem. Glad to hear it. I'll see you on the construction site. Thanks, Chris. Aidan, wait. I I need you to do something for me. You know, you're right. Dixie she was like a daughter to me. And she loved you the same way, Palmer. She had her whole life ahead of her, her whole life. And, of course, that new life inside of her. Your grandniece Yeah. Little baby Kate. I was looking forward to her arrival. You know, I imagined her a little miniature Dixie is fearless, full of joy. You know, I wanted to guide her through life and protect her from all its bumps and, you know, disappointments. Well I'm not going Petey, needs you so much, and so does Dixie's son, J.R. They need you to be there for them. No, Erica, you know I love those boys very much. I really do. But boys are different. They strike out for independence so soon. Well, I know someone else that you can be there for, someone who still cares very deeply about you, palmar. And if you would swallow that silly pride of yours, you would admit that you still have feelings for her, too. No. No. Opal and I are finished. She is out of my life, and I can't let her back in ever. Trey, need I remind you that anything you hear or see in this house remains in this house? Strict client-attorney confidentiality. And any of my private business that you make public, I will tell the world where Trey Kenyon III's body is buried. Message received . Adam Chandler. Mr. Chandler, this is Ellen Mahoney from the hospital. Yes, Ellen? You asked me to report back to you about your wife. Mrs. Chandler will be leaving the hospital shortly. She's being released tonight. Your bank balance will reflect my gratitude. So Liza's coming home. Well, I should dress appropriately for the occasion. Winifred Lay out my tuxedo Liza, I just got the good news from Greenberg. What a relief. Yeah, I'm lucky. Yeah. Well, listen, nothing personal, but I don't want to see your face around here again. Well, it's a deal. Hmm. Oh, I was going to ask you to give this to Mia. What is it? There you go. It's an article from her old neighborhood in Brooklyn. Thought she'd get a kick out of it. Well lift home, you can give it to her yourself. Maybe you can even grab a bite to eat. Yeah, yeah, there you go. The night's starting to look up. Actually, you know, I have a question for you. Are you serious about Mia? Well, you know, I'm not really sure. Stuff keeps getting in the way. What stuff? Well, for starters, your husband. I told you before, Kendall, I don't want to be a part of these games that you play. Well, I didn't take you for the play-it-safe type. You didn't take me at all. Whatever. Do me a favor and give this to your boss. Tell him I don't need handouts. You sure about this? I mean, I heard Artie asking you for the rent yesterday. You know what? A change of scenery might be just the ticket. fine, not that anyone asked you. And the rent? I'll come up with it somehow. I don't need charity from Chris Stamp. Chris I get. But what about my money? Is that dirty, too? Palmer, do you know that Opal saved your life tonight? One more reason I can't face her. I'm sorry, I don't understand. Well, every time I fall, Opal's there. To help you up. No, to say, " I told you so. " Her and her blasted intuitions. Whenever she gets a feeling, damned if it isn't always right. And this is a bad thing? Well, it's just bloody embarrassing. You know, she was right about Vanessa. She was right about your not taking care of yourself. She'll just march in here with that smug look. She'll wag her bony finger in, and the look on her face is anything but smug. She's worried about you, so much so that she has someone looking after you at the Valley Inn. Did you know that? Since you won't look after yourself. Well, I don't need a nursemaid. I don't. No, what you need is your family, and that includes Opal, divorced or not. Opal understands better than anyone exactly how deeply Dixie's death has affect you, how lost and alone you feel. Oh, all right, I guess it wouldn't hurt to spend a few minutes with the old witch. I mean, if it's going to make her feel better. But if she starts in on me, let me tell you, to the moon Well, I will tell her to come in. Opal Well, so, how is the old grinch holding up? He is waiting for you to come in. till they make snowmen in hell because I am not going in there. Liza, Mia is your sister and she wants to help you in any way that she possibly can. It just bothers me to see her give up her own personal life and put it on hold, you know, especially now that you're doing so well. Well, Mia's amazing. Yeah, she is. I just think it was a real mistake for her to leave, especially since this job was doing so much to help her self-esteem. You know, now that you've shared that with me, I agree with you, and I think I should have a talk with Mia and encourage her to take her job back. That would be great. You know, Dr. Greenberg says I'm fine. I mean, I'm really fine. There is no reason why she should be at the house with me and Adam. Good, good. . I think Adam's the one that's going to take some convincing. Well, I'll tell you what you leave Adam to me. Gladly. Shall we? Yes. Miss Mia You look like a princess from one of Colby's fairy tales. Thank you, Winifred. Oh, I just wish Mrs. Chandler were here to see you. Uh yeah. Where's Mr. Chandler? He's right behind you. You look stunning. It would be a privilege to have you on my arm this evening. Shall we? No way. I'm not going anywhere with you. Opal, excuse me. I do not understand you. Just a few minutes ago, you would have given anything to go in there and see Palmer and see that he was all right. Well, that was before he sent out the " Do not disturb " signal. Oh, Opal. on my head, you know? Opal, believe me, it is not personal. Oh, yeah. He is feeling very fragile right now. He is because of Dixie and because of a lot of things. His pride is at war with his need to connect with people who really care about him. Well, there's only so much caring you can do until you just have to give it up as a lost cause. Well, you know something? I'm already late to meet Chris, so don't you give up on anything, okay? Get in there. Excuse me, please. I thought I was doing this alone. You're not willing to go to a fundraiser with me? I well, why not? Am I such terrible company? Adam, Liza already thinks that we have something going on. She outright accused us of And we know there's nothing going on. your friends will be there, and word will get back to Liza that we're That we what? That we raised some money for a worthy cause? I am not going to cause any more trouble for you or your wife, who is my sister. Coward. What? This has nothing to do with Liza. You're afraid. You're afraid to face that crowd. You're afraid that you won't measure up. Adam Well, let me put your doubts to rest. You'll outshine every woman in that room tonight. And if I may be so bold as to add a small finishing touch. It's beautiful. Allow me to put it on you? Is it real? Of course it's real. I gave it to Liza for Christmas. No, no, Adam, I can't. Take it off. Oh, no, no, she would want you to you. She loves you. Hey. Hi. I'm sorry I'm late. I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long. Hours, hours. But the wait was worth it. So, how is Palmer? He's going to be fine. And I did a little matchmaking. Good. I want the whole world as happy as we are. And here's something else that might brighten your day. What? I bought Kendall a one-way ticket back to Florida, plus expenses. What is this? First you cut me dead, now you want to toss a few thou into the save Kendall Hart fund? No, but I'll tell you what I will give you 30 bucks for that boom box. Music will really help my job go a lot faster. Get out. Out Get out No, get out I don't want to see your face around here I think Well, did she accept? She threw the buyoff back in my face, but I left it with her to rethink. And with any luck, she'll just do the right thing and take off, Sweetheart. Oh, come on. When did she ever do the right thing? Well, Darling, there's always a first time. Chris, I want you to know I have been completely honest with her. I've told her there's no way we can ever connect on any meaningful level. I mean, why doesn't she just go home? I don't think I could say just how it feels arching flower, reckless wheel I'll give you an inkling show you a notion nothing more you get what you pay for you get what you pay for you get what you pay for I told you I would be back. You get what you pay for you get what you pay for 
Haven't we already had this dance? No, not quite. The last time, I thought I could teach you a lesson, but now I know better. I'm not afraid of you, Aidan. And why should you be? This is going to be relatively painless. Where did you get that? What, X-17? This is the stuff that you injected into Maureen, wasn't it? Made her lose her memory and her identity, right? You don't know what the hell you're talking about. That serum is gone. It's been destroyed. I don't think so. That's what you wanted Anna to believe. But you and me both know differently. You would never disappoint posterity. You had your future to consider, didn't you? Always knew that there was a secret hiding place up here where you kept your evidence. The fake wall by the shower it's very clever. Be still. That serum means nothing to you another research trial Ah, but it's not because you conveniently provided a date 8/97 just around about the time that you injected Maria Maureen, whatever her name is with this serum. Look, why are you doing this? This means nothing to you My reasons are my own, and soon, in a few minutes, they won't even matter to you because David Hayward will be gone forever. Hi there. Would you like to hear the specials? No. Can I get you something to drink? White wine. Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio? Whatever's the most expensive. Well? Tell me it's yes. It has to be yes. I won't even hear no. Well, for right now, you're just going to have to settle for " it's looking pretty good. " Ah But don't worry. I'm on it, I'm . Makes me trust you even less. I'm just excited for you. This is an inspired idea. That's right, and I don't need cheerleading, I need results. The next chapter in my life has to start right now. Yeah, that's right. This is the time. Do you know how long I've been dreaming and planning my own cosmetics company? Cosmetics empire. Yes So to find this factory on sale just when I'm ready I mean, how could I ignore it? A pharmaceutical plant empty and practically waiting for me? And the beauty part is it's right here in Pine Valley. Right under Enchantment's nose. Oh Erica is going to look out her penthouse window and cringe. That's as good a motivation as any. I'll have the same thing, please. Greenlee, I just wanted to thank you for making me a part of this. Part is an idea. You know, why are you sitting here fantasizing with me when you should be out there cutting a deal on that building? That's happening right now. See, I've got a secret weapon. What? A person whose motivation is not very different from yours. Nothing can stop her when she wants something. " She " And I don't mean the newsstand across the street. I'm talking about the one here in the lobby. We're not going anywhere until your dad comes. Yeah, but Besides, I don't have five bucks for one of those violent comic books. It's not a comic book. It's a graphic novel. You know, art. You want art? How about I take one of those ketchup and mustard dispensers from over there and do some face painting? You're in a bad mood because you want to hit my dad up for a snoop and that your ears and your mouth were a lot smaller. You know, I could tell my dad I'm buried in homework and get him out of here before you can start sweet-talking him. All right, all right. What do you want now? Three movie rentals and a pizza. Fine. You got a deal. We're on the same side, Kendall. It's good for me if my old man starts thinking generous dad Hey, I hope I haven't kept you waiting. You ready to go, Sport? Do we have to? What? How about I treat you and Nanny Kendall to some coffee? Well, that's very nice of you, son. Yeah. Kendall? I'd love it. Thank you. I'll order. And if you don't mind, I'll stay at the bar and have a Roy Roger. Good. Go on There's not a sweet molecule in that body. But he knows how to get what he wants, just like his old man. That's very important to you, isn't it? Yes, it is. Don't have much use for people who don't. Well, I always listen to what you say. I try to make it work for me. What's on your mind? For example, I remember you telling me that I shouldn't care about anyone else's opinions, that I have to believe in myself and make my dreams come true. You have me confused with a greeting card. Well, that's not exactly what you said, but I remember you telling me, Palmer, that the only thing that matters is what I think. Yes, I did say that, and, yes, I believe that. You like me, Palmer. Admit it. Yes, I do. knack for ticking people off. That's true. But I hope I won't tick you off because I need to ask you a favor a big one. And you expect that I'll say yes because I like you? I hope so, yes. You you pushed me out of the window? It was an accident. I I tripped on my dress. But all this time why didn't you just say that? I thought I was so wrong, Mia. No, you thought that Mia was sleeping with Adam. You thought that all along. She made a mistake, guys. Please hear her Mia, I made a terrible, terrible mistake. Mia, I am so sorry. Oh, you're sorry? My God, Liza, you tried to kill your own sister. Jake, give her a chance. Just listen to her. No, she any harm. Oh, she says that now. No, it's true. Liza, this anger started months ago when you came to me and told me that you thought Mia was sleeping with Adam because a cufflink was found in Mia's bed. Jake, you know. You remember then. I was very sick. You never even believed in Mia. I did It's just there were so many things to confuse me. Every time I turned around, you were whispering and talking with each other. You were the one who encouraged me to get a divorce. Because you were miserable. That had nothing to do with me. You went to New York in secret together. And every time I wasn't watching and I would come into the room, you would be hugging and you would have your head on his shoulder. But do you really think that I could do something like that to you? I would sleep hurt you like that? Did you ever, ever trust me? I did. When I was dying, you were the one that I reached out to to take care of my daughter. And I asked you to do the same thing for my son. And I promised I would, that William would lack for nothing. I don't want your promises, Liza. I want answers. Trey, I wanted this deal kept quiet. Who is this secret " she " weapon? Just forget I said anything. You know, I could've hired some hotshot real estate chick, too. I know the type business suit with the little skirt, manly handshake, and a smile right out of her assertiveness seminar. I didn't hire a real estate broker. It's just the opposite. I got this person involved because she's very close with the man who owns the building. Oh. And who is that? 's a corporate shark. He's going to know how valuable the property is. And he's one of Erica's best friends. Which is the exact same reason why I think we should get the inside track. She's part of the family, in a way. In what way? Would you stop? I'm on it. I've already said too much. It's going to happen. Don't worry. Because you say so? Trey, my entire future is in the hands of someone that I don't know. You know her. " Part of the family "? Whose family? Yours? No. Well You mean your psycho sister, don't you? She's playing nursemaid to Palmer Cortlandt's incredibly irritating child Why? Why? Because Kendall and Mr. Cortlandt get along very, very well. When I happened to mention to her that you were interested in buying this building of his to mention to her what I want the building for? Yeah, but don't worry. Kendall also thinks it's a great idea to start a cosmetics company in Pine Valley. You freakin' idiot. Of course she does Greenlee Greenlee, wait. And then you were fired? Yes, but I was totally valuable at Giovanna Cosmetics. It was their loss. Oh, I'm sure it was. I loved it there, and everybody loved me. I was succeeding, I was doing great until I tried to help somebody else. Hmm. Greenlee Smythe. Yes. And that backfired. Well, you won't make that mistake again. No, no, I definitely won't. But while I was at Giovanna and when I was at Enchantment before that, I discovered that I have a natural talent for the cosmetics business. Really? Mm-hmm. Well, I'm not My mother is a housewife in Florida, remember? Yes. Well, you have it your own way. Anyway, it was it was as if I was discovering myself. I realized I had a great sense of color and a strong nose and " Strong nose "? For fragrances. And even more amazingly, I discovered that I have a knack for knowing what the American woman will be thinking about six months from now. Good Lord. Who told you that? Professionals, experts at both companies. Are you laughing at me? No, no. No, no, not at all. Your Florida mother notwithstanding, I'm reminded of the all the times through the years that I sat with Erica and listened to her hopes and her dreams with the same kind of fire I'm not talking about Erica. I'm talking about me my hopes and my dreams. Yes, of course. child, Palmer. You're the only person left who actually believes in me. What can I do for you? You own a building on Front Street. It's for sale now. A pharmaceutical company was leasing it before they moved out. Greystone building. What about it? I want it for my own business, for my own cosmetics company. Another cosmetics company in Pine Valley? Yes, but it's not for the reason you think. I'm not trying to get back at anybody. I'm not trying to impress anyone. It's for me. I want to be somebody for me. (David-groans) Hang on, hang on. I'm getting ahead of myself. There's a small matter of your alias. My what? Your new name. You're going to need it in your new life. Maria Grey became Maureen Gorman. You seem to like using the same initials for your human guinea pigs, narrows it down a little bit. D.H. D.H. Any preferences? Be my guest. Yeah, well, let's keep it simple, shall we? Dan Harris. That's a pretty American name, don't you think? " Dan Harris here. Dan Harris, Pest Control. How may I help you? " Yeah, in your new life, I'm going to make you an exterminator. You're going to spend every working day with vermin. It's quite appropriate, don't you think? No, wait no, no, no, no, wait a minute, Aidan Aidan, you don't want to do this. Let me finish my work, all right? Let me help Maria get her memory back. You mean trust you, Hayward? Who do you think you're dealing with? Oh, that's right, that's right. You're the avenging angel of Pine Valley, aren't you 's a problem here, Aidan. Maria has a husband. She doesn't need you to be her champion You know what? I don't think it's wise to antagonize me at this point in time. Maria doesn't want you to do this, Aidan. Maria wants justice. That's what she wants. You took away everything that she knew. Now the same thing is going to happen to you. Look, then I won't be able to help her, ok? And I want to be able to give back to her what I took from her. What, you mean with your phony antidote story? There's no such thing, David. And what if there is, huh? Oh, I see what the problem is. Then if there is and it works, no more Maureen, right? Maria goes back to her old life, and who the hell are you to her then? Just some guy she decided whoever you become, it can only be an improvement. Aidan, no, no Aidan Aidan What are you doing? You're just in time. Now get this attack dog off me What in God's name are you doing? You said you weren't going to do anything crazy. Yeah, and I haven't. Well, what is this? Just untie me and get this maniac out of my house Shut up. What is this? Look, I had a hunch that he hid the drug that he used on you up here, and I was right. Wait a minute. What are you saying, that this is it? Yeah. This is the drug that he used on me? The same one. He admitted it. And all I had to do was tie him up and threaten to use it on him. It doesn't change anything, So untie me now Oh, you really think you're invincible, don't you? You know, the D.A. said that the criminal case against you was weak, but maybe I should just try my luck against you in civil court. Yeah, and now we have this. It's proof. Yes, we do. Proof of what? All right, big deal, there's a serum. But the question is, did I inject you with it? But you're the only witness, Maureen. You don't have a memory of it. Yes, but thanks to you, I don't have a memory of it. Thanks to me, you're alive Now, let me finish my work. Let me give you back what I took from you You can't give back years, Hayward. I can't give her back 10 minutes if I'm in jail. I would rather not have free, David. Do you really want to waste more of your years fighting me? No. She wants to end it right here, right now. Like I said before, Hayward, there are other ways to extract justice. You won't do it. You're not crazy. Shall I? No. Let me. Excuse me. All right, young man. Let's get you home. What do you say? Do we have to? How about another round? What? Three Roy Rogers already? All that sugar good Lord, your mother's apt to she'll blow a gasket, for heaven's sakes. Maybe it'd be good to wait until I calm down a little. I could go to the newsstand and buy a magazine. Yes. That's probably a good idea. May I have $5, please? Thank you, daddy. Palmer. Mr. Cortlandt was so afraid I'd be late, but here you are. Why why were you afraid you'd be late? What's what's the matter? What's Well, I rushed here all the way from B.J .'s, but I need to talk to you. It's very important. Obviously it's important to you. The Greystone building on Front Street you own it Mm-hmm. And I don't know if you know this or not, but it's up for sale. I want to buy it. Oh. Well, I'm sorry. You're just a little too late. What? But this morning, it was No, I just just gave it away just a few minutes ago. You sold it? Yeah. To whom? To me. Mia, please. You have to know that I would never try to kill you. to believe. I tripped on the dress, on that stupid dress. Liza was upset with just cause. Adam was cheating on her. And that makes it ok? No. No. Mia, I love you, and I would never try to hurt you. I followed you up to the attic to talk with you. And when I heard you on the phone, I thought you were talking to Adam and that you were laughing at me. And I was angry at you. Why didn't you just say something to me? Because I was afraid. I was afraid that if Adam knew what had happened that he would take Colby from me. Oh, Liza, you think that excuses what you've done? It doesn't even come close. What's that supposed to mean? A detective was here with questions. What kind of questions? He wanted to talk to Mia, to know if it absolutely not. Did he talk to Mia? No, Tad. She wasn't in any kind of shape for that. Jake I don't want to do this anymore. I I have to go back to my room right now. I think that's a good idea. Easy. Jake, what are you going to do? I'm going to make sure Mia gets some rest. Mia Liza, no, let her go. Oh, my God. How could all of this have gone so wrong? She's angry. Ok, they both are. But if you give them enough time, they'll cool down and they'll see things the way they are. She thinks I did it on purpose. She thinks that I wanted to hurt her. Then give her some time. Eventually she'll realize that's impossible. Do you really think it's impossible? Absolutely makes perfect sense. The question now is, do you believe it? You know, they say that there really are no accidents. What if somewhere deep inside me, I wanted to kill her? Maria, you don't want to do this. This isn't who you are. Really? You don't know who I am. I'm not the person that you created. No, but I do remember who you were before when I found you on the beach. I remember the last moments as Maria Shut up I am sick of talking about this, David. You were fighting for your life. Maria, you were fighting for your life. You were asking for Edmund. You wanted to tell him that Maddie was his child. Enough Enough, David. I told you that I loved you. You remember that? Injecting you with this drug was the hardest decision of my life, but I chose very funny because that's where you and I differ. Right now, to me, it just seems so easy. Hold him down, Aidan. No, no, no wait, wait, wait, wait Stop it Stop it Kendall? You sold that building to your nanny? Unless she's more than your nanny. Are you suggesting an impropriety? Whatever she said to you, she's broke. I mean, she can't possibly afford that building. Which is why Palmer is leasing it to me for $1 a year. No. No way. Well, as long as she as long as she continues in her role, that is, as nanny. Yeah. That's what it says. A napkin contract? Palmer, she fooled you. You can get out of it. Oh, this is just so I can frame it. We also shook on it. You what could you possibly want with that factory? Well, what do you want with it? You know what I want with it. Your hopeless half brother told you. Oh, that's right. You wanted to start a new cosmetics company. You know you stole my idea. Liar It was my idea. Well, I'm the one with the factory. You'll fail, miserably. I mean, you can't even afford $1 a year. Well, it will be a great pleasure to prove you wrong. Yes, and she will. Well, just read your napkin. You have committed yourself to showing a profit in three years. Three years? Kendall, I can't wait three years for you to give up, ok, so just let me I am never giving up. What do you know about the cosmetics business? I mean, you were fired from Enchantment and Giovanna. . You were simply incompetent. Ah, that's not true. Ask Boyd Larraby. Boyd Larraby? The R&amp;D chemist from Enchantment. I know who Boyd Larraby is. Yes, well, I helped him develop Mostly Mocha. Mostly Mocha? Yes, the lipstick, Enchantment's biggest seller in six years. I know what Mostly Mocha is. Are you telling me you had something to do with it? Well, Boyd was having a hard time last Spring. He was going to go with a much darker shade. And I said, no, college girls this fall will want something lighter. So I showed him a new color, he loved it, and he went with it. This is absurd. This is a pathetic fantasy. I mean, how many times could you cross paths with Boyd Larraby? Enough times for him to completely agree with my decision. Ask him. He'll confirm it. If or sleeping with him. All right, guys, this slugfest is not helping anybody. Oh, no, no, no. I'm really enjoying it. Me, too. Ok, son, we'd better go. But Palmer please. Yes? Please reconsider. You know I'm the one with the track record. Yes, I know. I heard great things about you at Enchantment until, of course, you tried to stab Erica in the back. No. No, you don't understand. Now, I think it's time for Kendall to have her stab at success. Thank you, Palmer. I'll always come to you for advice. Would you like a little advice from me now? I think the two of you should team up, work together. I think good things would come of that. Yeah. (imitates-explosion) (Greenlee-snorts) Well, Palmer Cortlandt is a . Team up with that backstabbing, conniving, manipulative hustler? I'd rather stick my finger in a light socket. So who's stopping you? Thank you. I need you to hold all her visitors for the next three hours. Thank you. Hey. Hey, listen, I need you to do something for me. I need you to think about us and only us. All I ever wanted was to feel like I belonged. I thought that Liza had accepted me. I thought that she loved me. I love you. And you do belong with me. I want you just to try to get some sleep, ok? And you let me deal with this, all right? What are you going to do? I'm going to take care of you, now and always. Liza, you tripped, that's all. You tripped over that ridiculous skirt and fell into your sister. That's what would've happened if I had it out with Mia that night? That's why I went up there. What would've happened then? It doesn't matter. I was angry. If Mia had denied sleeping with Adam, I wouldn't have believed her. Kiddo, there is no way on earth you will ever convince me that you would intentionally hurt Mia. How did you feel when you found out that Dixie was sleeping with David? I mean, who would you have hurt? Not Dixie. David. Where is this going? You told me that I was the only one who could answer what was going on inside my mind that night. It's obvious. You were angry with Adam, with your husband who had betrayed you one too many times. You caught him cheating once, and he was doing it all over again. And I said that if I ever caught him that I would You would kill Mia could've died. There is no way Liza could possibly feel any worse than she does already. I don't know about that, Tad. I just need Mia to understand, Jake. That's the only thing that matters to me right now. But you're going to stay away from her. Is that what she wants? It's what I want, and I'm going to make sure it happens. Understood? Greenlee, sit. Look, I know this is none of my business You screwed this up big time. You're right. Get out, then. Haven't you done enough harm? Trey, thank you for your help, but I don't need you anymore. Would you please just sit? Now, you need someone. What are you going to do with an empty factory? And what are you going to do without a factory? Well, at nothing. I've got capital. Without that, you've got nothing. So you're ok money-wise? Your mother came through with that loan? Well, no, but I thought you were rolling in it. In case you haven't heard, the Dow's bottoming out. So you don't even have cash to start the business? I have more cash than you'll ever see. Oh, my God, she's broke Well, if it helps, I can get you a cat food recipe book. Ho-ho. Well, of course, you'll never go broke as long as there's a lamppost that you can stand under. All right, all right, stop. Now I'm leaving. Greenlee-and-Kendall Good. And after I leave, you two can either cut each other to ribbons or you can join forces. I don't need her. No, she's no good to was planning on using to buy the building. Never said I didn't. Look, you two are very close to realizing a very big dream. All you have to do is compromise. Compromise? Us? You got to be kidding. I'm a force to be reckoned with. You're a force that doesn't have a factory. That's all I'm going to say. Now, think about it. So now what? Hold him still. You're not going to pull this off. You're going to go to jail, both of you Pretty unlikely, David, because the only witness will be you and you won't remember. Hold him still. Hold his arm still. (David-groans) You deserve this, David. You deserve this. You really deserve this. Go on. Do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. Well, . No, you can't do it, either. If you do this, we're not going to be able to live with ourselves. If I do what you did to me, I become you. I knew you couldn't go through with it. We're going to take this drug, and even if you don't see a prison cell, you'll never be a doctor again, Hayward. You know, I may not remember being a doctor, but I do know that you're not supposed to do any harm. Untie him, Aidan. You knew I wanted that factory. You knew I did. You stole it right out from under me. Wouldn't you have done the same thing in my place? Yeah, probably. So, then, aren't I allowed to come out ahead for once in my life? You're not ahead. You're so not ahead. Right,, but I also have ambition and energy and a dream that's just as valid as yours. Are you saying that we could really make this work our going into business together? Well, we don't trust each other, but we know that going in, which puts us ahead of a lot of other partners. But we'd kill each other. Aren't we smarter than that? Nothing else, thank you. The truth is, Greenlee, I need more than just your startup money. Is this a snow job? You tell me. You're the one who has the talent in this business. You're a star. Everyone says so at both companies. But I'm also good, and I'll prove it to you. And when I do, you will be honest enough to admit it. Well, that's a tall order. Well, maybe we'll surprise each other. I get the corner Because I've got the brains. Well, I have the building. Well, you may have the building, but I have the money, and money talks. And right now, my bank account is saying no to you. Ok, all right, ok, fine. It's just an office. No well, now it's my office. Besides, we have bigger things to think about with Trey spilling my ideas all over the place. Your ideas? I was the one who came up with this thing. Hello? Don't say this had anything to do with you, ok? This was my idea. No, excuse me. My lease, my connection with Palmer. That's the reason we can even do that thing, ok? Come on. There's no point in sticking around here. Let me drive you home. I just I can't leave yet. Why not? the attempted murder of Mia Saunders. Second-officer Turn around, please. First-officer You have the right to remain silent. Wait a minute Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. You haven't even interviewed her. You don't know what happened. You don't know what happened. Come on, is this really necessary, guys? Hey, I wouldn't. I want that vial. Too bad. Maureen, you can let me hold on to it. Get the vial. Aidan, Aidan Ah Give me the vial Give it to me. Give it to me Take it Oh Freeze Are you going to take my life over this again? Bring it on, David. I don't have to take your life. I can just kill him instead. Make 
Your agent called. He said he forgot to tell you you got to go to L.A. by the end of the month. So, what's up with L.A.? I got an offer to syndicate my show. You're under arrest for the attempted murder of Mia Saunders. Freeze You're going to take my life over this again? I don't have to take your life. I can just kill him instead. Ok, everybody, good evening. We're getting ready to start the show. Stand by. Have a great time, folks. In five, four, three ( " Wave " -theme-plays ) Good evening. Thank you. Welcome to a very special prime-time edition of " Wave " For those of you at home who may be confused by our evening time slot here, I guess it's just our local station trying to test the waters and see if we can pull a big-time prime-time number and maybe catapult us to, this is compliments of my wonderful, fantastic husband, Mateo Santos. It's my favorite nightclub on the east coast, anyway, in Pine V Valley S.O.S. That's give yourself a hand. Thank you, honey. (Hayley-giggles) He was nice enough to give us the place for free. So now that the plugs are out of the way, let's get to our first guest. You all know her as Meadow Soprano on the hit show " The Sopranos. " Please welcome the very talented, very beautiful Jamie Lynn Sigler Hi. Thank you so much for doing the show. Jamie-Lynn You're welcome. I really appreciate it. Jamie-Lynn Thanks. Now, I don't know about you, but my day has 24 hours in it. It seems like yours must have, like, 72 hours. You're writing, you're singing, you're acting, you got engaged. Jamie-Lynn I've been quite busy, but tired just looking at you, so what we're going to do is we're going to take a break so I can recover. And then we'll Jamie Lynn will tell us about the secrets to her success. Don't go away. Stay tuned. You ought to eat something, Mrs. Chandler. The potatoes are usually ok. Well, if you've finished, I'll take the tray. Liza? Liza, I thought this was some sort of insane joke. Barry called and said you'd been arrested. What did you do? Liza, why didn't you call me? There's nothing to say. For God's sake, I would've come right over. So you can start the party earlier? You've got me exactly where you want me. Your choice, Maureen. Either you hand over that vial or I get rid of . She's having trouble deciding. Why don't we just discuss this, David? Why? There's nothing to discuss. What, do you want to distract me so the commando-boy here can get the jump on me? I don't think so. Just hand over the vial now or I take your friend and I give him a 9 millimeter ticket to eternity I will do it, Maureen Do it. Shoot him. So I know it's not the bada-bing, but what do you think of the club? Jamie-Lynn A little too classy for Tony and his pals. It's nice. I know you've got tons going on in your life that is has nothing to do with the mob, not mob-connected in any way. So tell us about your stage career. Jamie-Lynn Where I'm working with a beast. Yeah so it's not that far off from your friends at " The Sopranos., Hayley. So before we get into " Beauty and the Beast " and your book, " Wise Girl, " tell me a little bit about the fame factor in your life and how it's affected you. Do you like being recognized? Jamie-Lynn It still surprises me sometimes and, of course, people get me, Jamie, confused with the character I play. You know, telling me to be careful and things like that. But it's all sweet. And they're always surprised I'm not taller. That me, too. Isn't that funny? Jamie-Lynn Yeah, they talk about my hair and my clothes and my weight, but you know what it's like. It's a point that you work so hard to get to where people recognize you, so you learn to appreciate it. What about your family? Was there anybody in your family that was in the business? Jamie-Lynn No. Or show business or Jamie-Lynn I I played sports. My dad ran an amateur baseball league and my mom was just at home with us. So you're just this nice, normal girl from Long Island that happens to have this incredible talent and Jamie-Lynn And very lucky. That played a big part. So tell me about this adorable man in your life that I met backstage. He's really played a big part in your career. Jamie-Lynn And my life. We're engaged. Oh, let's see. Show it off. Oh. Ooh. Jamie-Lynn Thank you. Oh, that's so great. Congratulations. Jamie-Lynn Thank you. Now, how long has he been your manager? Jamie-Lynn For the past two and a half years, and we've been dating for the last year and a half. So I guess that's a sign it's working out. That's good. Jamie-Lynn Yeah. I sure hope your parents like him. Jamie-Lynn They love would sink him in concrete if he didn't. Yeah, my dad would, but that's another story. Yeah, totally. But let's get back to you. Now, you've got this amazing career. It's all ahead of you. You've got this incredible man that gets it. Jamie-Lynn It's really wonderful, especially in this business, to have somebody that's 100% supportive and appreciative of what you do. Hmm. Jamie-Lynn And A.J. also reminds me that what I do is such a small part of the picture and what really matters is coming together and coming home to each other and our family and our friends. And I'm sure it's the same way for you. Oh, it is. I could kiss the spotlight good-bye tomorrow. You know, as long as I have my husband and my son, that's all I really care about. It's such a great life. But, listen, I know on " The Sopranos " and being engaged, but now you're starring on Broadway. You're in " Beauty and the Beast " for how long? Jamie-Lynn Through January 19th. Now, is playing Belle the role of Belle I'm assuming you're not playing the beast, are you? Jamie-Lynn No, I'm playing Belle. You're right. Is that a lifelong dream for you? Jamie-Lynn Absolutely. Just being on Broadway is huge. Oh, well, I am a big fan of dreams, especially the ones that come true, so congratulations for you. Jamie-Lynn Thank you. Your wife is the best. And when we come back Yeah. No question. She is. Don't go away. Why did they arrest you? I pushed Mia out the window. That's ridiculous. You it was an accident. It was attempted murder. Liza, she fell It's my fault. It's all my fault. Go ahead, David. Pull the trigger. Guess you haven't made much of an impression, Aidan. Maureen you know what you know what you're doing? Yes, I know what I'm doing. He's not going to shoot you. You're his wife's nephew. And even if you weren't related to him, whatever he is, he's not a cold-blooded killer. He took an oath to relieve suffering. He wouldn't shoot. (gunshot) David What, are you bloody crazy? I'm determined So you should keep that in mind So much for that " do no harm " doctor bullocks, yeah. Look, I thought you wanted to have your freedom so that you could spend time with your wife and child Are you crazy? If you kill him Then I'll have to kill you,, guess what, you're going to go to prison for the rest of your life Well, what's the difference? If I let you walk out that door with that serum, then my life is over, too. No, it's not, David. No, it is. It's the same thing my life is over. I go to jail, I never get to practice medicine ever again, right? Might as well shoot myself. Hey, that wouldn't be a bad idea. Aidan Oh, that's very funny, Aidan. Not a very good time to develop a sense of humor. You should really think about this, Maureen, because if I'm dead or I end up in jail, I can never help you get your memory back. As if you ever intended to. Of course I intended to, and I can still do it, but I need access to my research If you take that serum to the police, the chance of your memory coming back goes along with it. All deals are off. You will never remember being Maria Santos Grey ever again, except in tiny bits and pieces from time to time. I don't have to kill anybody. Don't make me do this, Maureen. Just hand over the serum. You know something, Tarzan, why don't you just face the fireplace. Turn around and face the fireplace David Put the vial on the table, now. Just put it on the table Look, David, let's just say that I even accept your offer. You don't have the funds to be able to to fund this whole project. You don't have any money. You don't have to worry about it. You lost You don't have to worry about that. I have sufficient funding. Where? Where are you getting ok? Who? Vanessa? What, are you getting the money are you benefiting from your own mother's death? That's not your concern. I have a benefactor who believes that I can live up to my claims even if you don't. And I suppose I'm just supposed to believe you? Yes, you are supposed to believe me because it's true, and, in time, I can prove it to you. I've been reviewing the changes that I made in the formula from the time I gave it to you and the pure form that I used on Dixie and Roger Smythe. I know why your memory was affected, and I also know that I can reverse the degeneration of cells. But I need the vial and I need my freedom to do it So you're blackmailing me again? Look, just put the damn vial on the table right now or else I put a hole through your watchdog. You me up, I thought that you were just desperate. Now I know you're a head case. What do you mean, " the first time "? What are you talking about, " first time "? Oh, Aidan didn't tell you, huh, that he did this once before to me? Threatened to break my fingers, my hand, with a sledgehammer? Aidan? Aidan? Oh, it's all right. Don't worry about it. That attack had nothing to do with you. He was all bent out of shape about Auntie Anna. I'll tell you something if you both get out of here alive, I'd stay clear of this guy. If you fall out of favor with him, who knows? He's going to come after you with a with a syringe someday. I don't think so. I save my anti-social behavior for you, Davy. You know, maybe I should contact huh? Might get that psychiatric care that you so desperately needed after Tora Bora. Why don't you shut up? Why? What are you going to do, huh? What, are you going to catch bullets in your teeth and spit them back at me? Maureen, my arms are getting tired. Put the put the damn vial on the table Make your choice You win, David. No. You win, Maureen. So does commando-boy. Stand by the door. Let's get out of here. Yeah. That sounds like a good plan. Enjoy the rest of your evening. It's my fault, and now everyone knows it. Liza, stop saying that. It's not true. You are not to blame. I followed Mia up to the attic, and I heard her on the phone, and she was talking about how excited she was about getting pregnant. What does she was talking to you. You mean you you thought that that Mia and I I thought she was sleeping with you. How did you come up with that? Well, you were having an affair. I just had the wrong woman. I now know that you were involved with Brooke. But I didn't know it was Brooke until after Mia fell. Oh, my God. Then my being unfaithful to you was more than you could stand? I don't I I don't know. I actually didn't think that I would care what you did or who you did it with. But then when all the pieces started coming together and all of them seemed to point to Mia and I heard her on the phone, and she was so excited and so in love and and then, that night, you know, at the party, Mia was dressed just like my daughter. I was I I wanted to confront her. I wanted to I just wanted her to turn and look at me and admit the truth. And when I went up to the attic and I started to go for her and I tripped on my dress, I put out my hands to stop myself and I I ended up pushing her. And the glass breaking I looked up, and she was gone. There was just glass everywhere. Liza, it wasn't intentional. In my heart in my heart, I wanted to I wanted to hurt her. I I wanted to kill her. Liza So there you have it. You have everything you need. I need for what? No judge in the world is going to let me keep my daughter. You'll get full custody. Liza Adam, I I know you'll get her. But, please please don't. Please don't take from me. Please don't take her, Adam. Please. Please. You sure this is where you parked your car? Yeah. It's right over there behind those trees. You don't want to talk about this, then? You know, if you're so anxious to talk, why don't you tell me what you thought you were going to accomplish back there. Jamie Lynn, you're, like, 20 years old and you've written a book. And I love the title it's called " Wise Girl. " There it is. Is it autobiographical? Jamie-Lynn It is, and I wrote this book just strictly to help people. I've had a couple experiences in my life, particularly an eating disorder, and it chronicles every stage how I fell into the disease, how I got out, and how I deal with it now. I was very interesting in here. I was reading this exercise for hours on end. Jamie-Lynn I did. It was more of a control issue than anything for me, but it ended up spinning out of control. And so you got involved with the National Eating Disorder Association. Did they contact you or did you contact them Jamie-Lynn I actually contacted them because I wanted to take a bigger role in the prevention and awareness. But it ended up being a wonderful thing for me because it was very therapeutic to constantly remind myself, as I was speaking out, about what I've been through and how much happier I am right now. Have you gotten a lot of reader reaction? Jamie-Lynn I have. I've gotten a lot of letters and e-mails from young girls telling me how nice it was to have somebody they could relate to. Yeah. Jamie-Lynn So it's been really rewarding. It has to be very fulfilling to know you have such an influence over these young girls. Jamie-Lynn Absolutely. I mean, 's really widespread, so it's nice to know I'm taking part in the situation. Was there a specific instance or person or thing that happened to you that let you know that, you know, " this is, like, hitting rock bottom, this is it, I have to do something "? Jamie-Lynn It built up over time, but there was a certain point where I almost became suicidal because it all just seemed like too much. And that was a time for me to step back and say, " ok, now I've got to do something about this. " Hmm. Well, it's really it's an incredible book. I can not I can't believe I'm getting a time cue already, but I want to thank you so much. I know you don't need it, but best of luck to you with everything Jamie-Lynn Thank you. And especially with " Wise Girl. " It's a great niece, you don't know what to get them for the holidays, I suggest Jamie Lynn's book, " Wise Girl. " And thank you so much for being here. You're doing so much good for so many people. Jamie-Lynn Thank you. And thank all of you for being here with us, ok? Good night. applause ) ( " Wave " -theme 2-plays Jamie-Lynn That was one of no, the best interview I've had. Oh Jamie-Lynn You should have a national show. You're so sweet. Did you hear that? Jamie Lynn said it was the best interview she ever had, we should have a national show. Thank you so much. Jamie-Lynn Oh, you're welcome. Listen, I want to take Enzo to see you at " Beauty and the Beast, " ok? Jamie-Lynn Oh, good. I'll see you backstage. Great. Jamie-Lynn Bye, Hayley. Bye out. Jamie-Lynn Bye, everyone. Jamie Lynn, everybody. So you still handling commercial properties? No, not buying. I'm selling. Yep, I'm serious, Marian. I need to sell S.O.S. as soon as possible. Tell you what if you can't come by tonight to talk about it, we'll touch base in the morning? Great. All right. I'll talk to you then. Hey Hey. How are you, star lady? What are you up to? You know, just a little business. Little bit of this, little bit of that. Huh. How come you didn't come over and meet Jamie Lynn? It's your time to shine. I'm not going to get in the way there. That's ridiculous. I'll meet her at " Beauty and the Beast. " If you're not too busy stabbing me in the back. it by lying. I heard what you were up to. Sit down, Adler. Call me at my office tomorrow. I want to get home. Jackson Montgomery told Maria Grey he doesn't have enough against me to go to trial. Who told you that? The lady told me herself. Give me a scotch on the rocks. Why would Maria Grey tell you anything? It's not important. So you'll get off with a slap on the wrist. Congratulations. No. I want to cop a deal. Wait till they sweat and make an offer. They're liable to drop the charges altogether. I'm willing to take a slap on the wrist now if it means I can stop looking over my shoulder. You're nuts. Look, I don't want this thing popping up in my future, all right? I want the whole thing dead. I want it buried. your hurry, Dr. Hayward? I thought it was what you wanted. Was that not you ready to jab him in the arm with a needle? And thank God that I didn't. And thank God that you didn't. I wasn't trying to tick you off or scare you, Maureen. I know you weren't. I know. Why did you come to the cabin in the first place? You because it occurred to me that you might do something crazy. And if I had known that you'd already gone after the guy before, I would never have vented to you in the first place For the last time, I only scared him. I didn't bruise him or even put a nick in his precious little skin. Ok, but if I had shown up if I hadn't shown up when I did, would you have only scared him? You wanted justice. So, I was solving a problem. Well, do your solutions always include a hammer or poison? Whatever's necessary, I do it. I don't know what I would do without her. Please please don't take her from me. Liza Liza, get up. Come on. Now. Not until you promise. Not until you promise that you won't take her from me. You don't have to worry about that. Come on. But you will take her, won't you? You really think I would, don't you? Ever since I knew that she was your daughter, I was waiting for the day when you would come and take her from me. Everything I've done I've done because I wanted to keep her with me. I wanted to protect her. I know you want her more than anything in the world. No. What I want more than anything, . Well, I've I've given her to you. No mother is more unfit than me. You didn't mean to hurt Mia. I wanted to hurt her. I wanted to strangle her. I wanted to choke the truth out of her. Liza, listen to me. Listen. Did you follow Mia to the attic to kill her? Did you? I'm sorry. I was under the impression that we were partners. Why do you think I'm selling this place? Because we are partners. And after watching you tonight, there's no way that you should be stuck here. I don't feel stuck. You know what I mean. You should be someplace where you could be seen by more people all over the place. I don't care about that. Sure, you do. I care about you and Enzo. And we know it's not a contest. We . Right, and we love you, too, and that's why. I mean tonight I got it. I really, really got it. And I think that I should share you with as many people as I can. And if that means moving to L.A ., then I'm ready. What about your mother? She's got Maria back. Come on. Edmund can watch over them. Oh. I you know, I don't want to force you into doing anything, Mateo. You're not. Are you sure about this? Are you entirely sure? I have never been more sure about anything in my life. Why don't you sleep on it and let me I hey, listen I know this is what you want. What about what you want? I want you. Ok? I am married to an amazing woman, and I'm not going to hold look fat in this? You look great. (Mateo-chuckles) Aidan look, I I I know that you did this for me. I know you wanted to help me. And I really I appreciate that you wanted to help me. Yeah, but it's ok. I mean, I do. I just you were my only friend when I came to town before you and I ever even knew who I was. And I accepted you then and I accept you now. I know, but, Aidan, I don't need that kind of help anymore. I don't need a guardian. I don't need an avenging angel. Right. Well, I never thought you did, Maureen. I can take care of myself. I noticed that when I first saw you. I wanted you in my life then, and and I still do. Anna resigned from a job she loves I understand that, but it's done. If I cop a plea, Anna can ask for her job back. And Montgomery will make sure that she gets reinstated. As your attorney, my advice is to wait, let the whole thing cool down. What kind of a deal do you think we can get now? Right now? Now, with the few charges they have against you, the best you could possibly hope for is a suspended sentence. I can avoid doing jail time altogether? Possibly, but you'd definitely pull some kind of community service. Like what? Could be picking up trash. Whatever makes the court feel like they're extracting their pound of flesh. A suspended sentence and exercise in the great outdoors yeah, I can live with that. Call the D.A .' s office. What, now? Right now. Make the deal. Liza, you're too devoted no matter what she'd done. Me you'd have pushed me hard. But not Mia. I know you too well. There was something else going on in your head that night. What was it? You wanted an admission from Mia, a confession. But you didn't want her dead. What else were you thinking? Who were you seeing? Liza, tell me the truth or, so help me, I will take Colby from you. You. It was all about you. Yeah. You wanted to kill me. I could never hurt my sister or hate her that much. It was you. You hated me that much? No, I I loved you that much. The thought of you with anyone it killed me. That's the truth. I don't know. What about you? You thought it was good? I thought it went very well, sweetie. All right Oh. Hear that? Mmm. Reserve cider for moi? Yes. Hmm. " Granquist Orchard, Weston, Vermont, " the good stuff. Always. You're going to propose a toast? To the future. And the past. And everything in between. For the rest of our lives? Hmm for the rest of our lives. Place has seen some good times, huh? It can still see good times. We don't have to sell. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is just a stop on the journey. What a journey it's been so far. Man. Do you remember when we decided to open up a club? Yeah, I do. We wanted to spend 24 hours a day of every day together. Some things never change, huh? That's true. You built this place from nothing nobody thought nobody thought I'd make it. They just except you. That's because I am your biggest fan. And I'm yours. Oh. Remember when we opened this place, the first day? Mm-hmm. Boy, you were some dancer back then. (Salsa-music-plays) (cheers) Ah everybody left. I thought they'd never leave. Yeah, you and me both. How about an encore? Like you'd have to ask. I love the way you smile when I look in your eyes I love the way you laugh when I try to be funny and how the tears roll down your face when I say no one could ever take your place' cause, baby, when you sleep I watch you breathing baby, when you dream I dream with you' cause everywhere you are For crying out You don't look too happy, Kenny. I don't feel you're acting in your they reject our offer? Pending Jackson Montgomery's approval, you've got yourself a deal. Ok, so what did they put on the table? Carol Miller thinks they'll go for a suspended sentence and 500 hours of community service. 500 hours? I don't have that kind of time. Well, it beats a prison sentence. So what am I going to be doing? They'll be making use of your talents at the free clinic downtown. Oh are you kidding me? That is like a third-world outpost. The facility's an outdated dump. Be it ever so humble, it'll be your home for 20 hours a week. Kenny, Kenny, I'm a world-renowned cardiac surgeon, all right? I don't belong down there. Well, then, keep it up. They'll have you cleaning the highways with a toothbrush. Well, that's great. So I'm going to No, you'll be doing routine checkups and performing surgery on patients who deserve the same type of care you give your country-club set. Ok, ok. Lots of people are a single paycheck away from the street. They lose their job, their insurance falls I said all right. I said all right. Well, you're a real pro bono kind of guy, huh, Kenny? My sister owes her life to a free clinic in Chicago. But, hey, you don't like the terms, reject their offer when they make it. Oh, yeah, that's great advice jerk them around. Montgomery's office is going to love that. Look, it's your call. 20 hours a week for six months in that hellhole, then you can go back to stitching up the filthy rich at Pine Valley Hospital. Yeah, with Jake Martin as Chief of Staff? That's not going to happen. All right as you can, ok? I guess I better start thinking about what I'm going to do with Jake Martin. I've been trying to put you out of my mind, but you're still there. Oh, Aidan, I I can't take this in right now. I really I can't. This is this is just too confusing. It's I know. For you and me both. You know, I'll I'll try and keep out of your way. But that David Hayward he had you so worked up. No. I'm so sorry that I even dragged you into all that. I didn't mean to You don't have to apologize. I just I went with my gut feeling. But it's not what I What you want. I know. I got it. But I don't regret sticking it to Hayward, you know? . That guy deserves a big injection of regret after what he did to you. Anyway, I'll see you. You love me in spite of everything I've done? Yes, I I love you. I can't help it. I don't know what to say. I I don't think I'm crazy, but I might just be self-destructive. I I've tried to stop loving you. I thought I succeeded, and I realized when I thought I might lose you that I couldn't stop. I couldn't stop loving you. So that's it. There's there's nothing else left to say. You win. 
What did you do? You are not a doctor, and you're not going for one. Why did you feel the need to copy your answers off of Henry's exam? Are you sure that the man with the gun actually saw you? He looked right at me. Get me what I want, you'll never have to see me again. I'll be waiting, darling. Wait a minute, we know that that Maddie saw the shooter. What are you telling me, that that he saw Maddie? He pointed his gun right at her before he dragged the body away. She can identify him. Yeah, and he knows that. All right, we got to get the cops to pick this guy up. Yeah, before he comes after her. We don't want any. Myrtle, please, let me in. Listen, if you want to lose that foot, just keep it there. Kend, won't do any harm. When pigs fly. What the hell? Bianca, what's you're crying. Your Uncle Jack is he worse? Come in. Sweetheart, tell me what's wrong. Did you think that I wouldn't find out that you're having an affair? That you're sleeping with somebody else? I'd appreciate a response. You think I cheated off of Henry's exam? You both received the same score for identical responses. We had the exact same answers? Even in Section C, when you could have chosen different formulas or methodology. That still doesn't mean that I cheated off of his exam. What are you doing here? I changed my mind. Oh, God. Are you visiting, or are you reading? They're for Jackson, not you. He's going to hate them. What are you talking about . You know nothing about us men. Ok, well, I know you had a jelly doughnut for lunch. So what? Come on, let's go. Look, remember, Luis was nowhere near that alleyway when Jack got dumped. Ok, I'm not going to lie. Yes, you are. You were clear with it yesterday. No, I wasn't, ok? I'm here to set the record straight, ok? No like hell you are, ok? Oh, I'm sorry, Doctor, I didn't know you were in here. Shh. That's right, the sedative. Thank you. Muffled Mommy Say good night, kid. Thanks. Derek's on his way over. Ok, good. Was there any chance that they might have already arrested the shooter? Mommy Mommy Doc, is everything Daddy Just try and relax, honey. What's wrong, honey? Did you have a bad dream? He was here The bad man was here No, no, it's just us, honey. Yeah, just us. No, I saw him No, no, I think you were probably just having a bad dream, sweetheart. He just left No, that was the doctor, honey. He's not a doctor. He's not. In the park he had a gun Just now he had a pillow and he was going to put it over my face, but then I called Mommy and Ok, stay here. He left No, are you sure, sweetheart? Because, you know, Dr. Joe just gave you a sedative and that might make you a little bit confused. No You positive? He said a bad word when I 's all right, sweetheart. It's all right, love. It's ok, Mommy and Daddy are here for you to keep you safe. Don't you worry. Sweetie nothing. I'll be right outside, ok? Hey, Edmund, officers combed the park There's no sign of Maddie's gunman. Derek, just seal the hospital. What? He's here. He was here the shooter. Maddie saw him close up. Wait a second, he knows that Maddie Can identify him, yeah. Yeah, ok, I'll secure the hospital. Thanks. So how do you now he's in the hospital? Because he was dressed up like some doctor, and he was in there with a pillow trying to smother my daughter, and then Oh, my God. Did anyone else get a look at him? I don't know. I just saw that way, down the hall. So he could have taken off, right. Look, I'll get a sketch artist down here, but for the time being, give me a description. Uh 5' 10 ", a white guy, well-built, maybe 45. Eye color? I didn't get I really didn't see his face. Ok, well, maybe Maddie can fill in the blanks. No, no, wait a minute, wait a minute. He may be here trying to finish the job. Which is why I need to question her. No, no, he could be here, trying to kill her Which is why I need to question her Derek, I want you to tear this place apart and find him, or I will Unless you want to wear this plant, you're going to let go of me. You better pray to God routine really doesn't work, Reggie. Ok? I'm not afraid of you and I'm not afraid of Luis, either. Ok? If he comes after me, I'll just turn him in to the cops so fast Look, here's the deal, ok? Look, listen to me if you shoot off at your mouth, he shoots a gun. It could be aimed at you or somebody close to you. Don't fool around with Luis. He's hoping later on today. Well, look at this. Aren't I Mr. Popular. Yeah. Shouldn't you be resting, sleeping, or something? Hi, Mr. Montgomery. My my mom sent this with me from her garden for you. Well, aren't they pretty. Tell your mom thanks a lot. So where are you two headed? No no, we're not together. Yeah, no way. What I can help find whoever shot Jackson. You know, maybe we could offer a reward for information. I could hang fliers at the clinic. Hey, why don't you just stick to being a doctor, ok? Just leave the police stuff alone. Hey, hey, hey. Ease up. No. It's not going to do any good, getting in something she has no part of. I am part of it. Jackson is my friend. I take that personally. I need all the help I can get. Anybody that knows anything about who put me in this bed, who shot me, I'd be grateful to hear it. Mr. Montgomery, I might be able to help you. How dare you shut me out You'd better let me in, myrtle. Tell Boyd I'm here The whole street knows you're here. How dare you chase him like this. Get out of his guard dog? And who did you think you were, coming into my living room dressed like a hooker and trying to turn my house into some kind of passion pit? Oh, please. I suppose you thought you'd get Boyd drunk, and then you would seduce him into leaving Erica and Enchantment? Ok, relax. You know why? You're going to burst a blood vessel. I should bust your fanny with buckshot. All right, fine. Fine, I'll leave, ok? I'll leave. But can you just please please tell Boyd I came by? What makes you think he'd care? Actually, I do care. Oh. It's ok, Myrtle. Come on in, Kendall. I'd like to hear what you have to say. I'm not having an affair Don't Don't I just saw him leave. Bianca, there Did you make love to him right here, in the same bed that you shared with me? No, I look, Bianca, you got it all wrong. I know about Michael Cambias. I know about everything. There's nothing to know. I know you're sleeping with him. I know you work for him. I work for your mother. Only because Michael placed you there so that you could take down Enchantment from the inside. Bianca, who told you all this? Just don't deny it, Lena. God, you've already humiliated both of us enough. All right. I won't deny it. It's true. I aced that exam. But because you don't know me very well, and because I'm not top on your list, you think that I cheated. Your exam is a photocopy of Henry Chin's every symbol, every nuance duplicated. We We memorized how to reach all those conclusions in the same way. There was too much opportunity for divergence, but you didn't. If I cheated, I would have changed some of the answers. Ok? I may not be your prize student, but I'm not stupid. Maggie, this university has a no-tolerance policy against cheating. You signed that policy when you enrolled in classes. I didn't cheat. I didn't. If I did, I would have changed some stuff. Well, maybe in a way you wanted to get caught. You can hook me up to a lie detector, ok? I didn't do it. You're on probation, Maggie. That's not fair. Hmm. Dean Schantz and I will discuss how to handle your case. You mean how to handle me. We'll be in touch. You're going to kick me out of school, aren't you doctor Expulsion might be your punishment, yes. I can't let you do this. I'm really terribly sorry it has to happen this way. Prof. Stevens, wait. I can prove to you that I didn't do it. Don't make this any worse, Maggie. Like it could get worse. If you really had proof that you hadn't cheated, you would've shared it right away. I didn't want to I don't think it's my place to give it to you. Hmm. Well, one of you copied the other. If you're accusing Henry, you won't help your case. I'm not accusing Henry. I'm just saying that I didn't do it. And you claim to have proof. Well, maybe you'll feel like presenting that to the dean. You look like Prof. Stevens beat you up. Worse. She accused God. Oh, my God, Maggie, I'm so sorry. It's ok. We'll figure it out. What are we going to do? Well, you're going to have to tell them the truth. And don't worry because I'm going to be beside you, ok? So however you want to handle this, you just let me know. Don't do anything. What do you mean? I want to be beside you. So when you go to Prof. Stevens and Dean Schantz, I will be by your side. Maggie, I I can't do that. Just how is it, Joni, you think you could help me find who did this to me? Look, Joni, you going to have to lay off the " Charlie's Angels " stuff, ok? She thinks she's Cameron Diaz. It's all right. Um, if it's ok with you group prayer list. We meet on Wednesday nights. Well, that's another kind of help. I certainly would appreciate that. Thanks. Yeah, I'm going to put the guy who shot you on, too. I just I'm hoping that maybe he'll realize what he's done and, you know, keep him from hurting anyone else. Again, a great idea. I'll pray for that myself. Yeah, well yeah, Jack. Yeah, I can get down with that, too. I bought you these. Magazines. Great. " Fast Cars. " I don't really think you're old enough to buy that last one, Reggie. Thanks, I'll read myself to sleep. Yeah. Come on, why don't I buy you a burger or something. You know, are you hungry? Yeah. Good night, Mr. Montgomery. Thanks, again, Joni, for everything, huh? Yeah, tragedies have a way of bringing people together. Whoa, whoa. Janelle, I didn't die. You came close. It's too bad Reggie couldn't get any leads as to who put me in this bed. Who says he didn't? You like making me sweat, don't you? What? What? Acting like you're going to turn in Luis and then backing off. You're not afraid you're going to wind up in hell with a pitchfork rather than your little harp of yours? You know, I'm sick of being mocked, because I believe in God, and I'm not ashamed to admit it, ok? Hey, I'm not asking you to be ashamed. Personally, I really don't care. Maybe you just you just need faith in a higher power, because otherwise you probably wouldn't have such a messed-up life. Ok, knees and praying to God is going to save me? I don't think so. Why not? He saved me. Reggie, without God, I'd have died a long time ago. Yes, Michael Cambias and I have been involved, but not in the way you think. He approached me because of my position at Enchantment. Listen, Bianca, about a month ago, Michael offered me a huge amount of money to help him take over Enchantment, and I refused. And did your refusal make him just want you more? Bianca, please, don't do this. Oh, me? Me? What, is that the end of your story? No. He did he was interested in me even though I refused on a personal level. Yeah, sure, why not? You're quite a catch. I told you that so many times myself. Bianca yes, he wanted to sleep with to tell him to go to hell, but I thought maybe if I string him along, it would be better for the company. I could stay one step ahead of him. So you slept with him for the good of the company? Oh, boy, Lena, my mother's going to love that on so many levels. Listen to me. I was just going to pretend to be interested, but until today, and today I told him. I told him I can't pretend anymore, and it's never going to happen, and the last thing I wanted was for you to misinterpret my intentions. Bianca, I didn't want to hurt you. How stupid do you think I am? You men are all the same I mean, pushovers for a pretty face. Look, Myrtle, I appreciate what you're trying to do, ok, but I can protect myself. I'll be in the kitchen if yell. Yell, well, throw her out as soon as you can. Look, if you're here for a second crack at my formula, you can just forget it. No, I came here to tell you how sorry I am. Trying to get your discovery, it was it was disgusting. Michael made me think it was life or death to him. I thought I was proving my devotion to him. Anyway, I'll regret what I did for the rest of my life. Yeah, well, it doesn't have to be for that long. I'm sure you'll get over it. Boyd, I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. I guess I I woke up a little late. Well, better late than never, right? Congratulations. Thanks. Boyd, do you do you think there's any chance that maybe you could trust me again? Maddie, honey Yeah, I have to agree with you. If I'm ever in a tight spot, I would want you on my side. Hey Yeah? How are you doing with this? Oh, I'm well, I'm going to be a lot better when they catch this guy. Definitely. But now that we know what happened, we're going to make sure that you stay safe. We're going to keep him far away from you, aren't we? I have to say, you got some very powerful friends, kiddo. Yeah, and one of them, Lt. Derek Frye right here, he's got the entire police force looking out for you. They're going to guard you just like you were a princess. With a dragon? Yeah, with a dragon. Absolutely. You know you have your very own policeman? Honest? It's true. He's going to be right outside Yeah, just like your daddy said, he's going to be right outside that door. His name is Ofc. Wright and he answers only to you and me. Good. Listen, sweetheart, we need something, and you are the only one who can help us, ok? Ok. Do you think you can describe the man you saw holding the gun? Edmund, I don't think this is a good idea. The man you saw shoot the gun what did he look like? Derek, I really I think this is too soon. I won't push. You remember, don't you, honey? Tanya, can I speak to you for a minute? Yeah. He's as tall as my daddy Uh-huh. And that's him That's the man Hey Get off me Help Come on. I won't Let go, I got him I got him Let him go Call Psych on 4 Get a jacket down here Hey, Lt. Frye, Pine Valley Police Dr. Davis. Dr-.-Davis Subdue that man That won't be necessary. Dr-.-Davis The hell it won't That badge could be a fake. Dr-.-Davis What's this all about? They're coming down right away, Dr. Davis. Dr. Davis, there's been a mistake. Listen, um yeah. I'm sorry. A man matching your description tried to attack my daughter. Yeah, the little girl saw you and thought you were the man. Dr-.-Davis I assure you I'm not. Right. Ok, listen, I I overreacted. I'm I'm sorry. Look, Dr. Davis, can I have a minute with you, please? The man we're looking for, he's, here comes Daddy. It's all right, sweetie. Don't let him get me, Mommy. No, no, no, no Mommy. No one's going to get you. No one's going to hurt you, honey. It wasn't him, sweetheart. It wasn't? No. Stay with me, Mommy, please. Ok, I will. Stay with me. I will, honey. I will. You know what? I'll crash right here with you. We'll just have a big slumber party, ok? Yeah, I can order some pizza just like the old days. Yum. What do you think about that, huh? And then maybe later we can get some dessert. Yes, please. How about if we have, like, mint chocolate chip hot fudge sundaes? Can we? Yeah, we can. I'm a hero? Yeah, you are. Oh, you are the best hero. But I'll tell you what, sweetheart, even heroes get a little bit tired, and they need their sleep. Want to try to take a little nap? I am kind of tired. Ok. You try to sleep. I'm sorry I had to call you. No, no, I'm so glad that you called me. Nothing mattered in the world except for getting down here and trying to get to her. I just I got here, I saw her laying in the bed, and she's calling my name, just calling, " Mommy, Mommy, " and it's breaking my heart because I just I wish I could've taken her place. I would've done anything to be the one who kept her from seeing that shooting. I know, I know. If we could take it all Being a parent it's the best and the scariest job, isn't it? Yeah. Look, I know I should confess, but if I do, my medical career will be over. What about mine? Well look, I've got a 4.0. If it gets around that I cheated, everything will be questioned. So to hell with me? Maggie, no. But remember, I was going to come forward, and you convinced me I had to keep quiet. Yeah, and that was before Prof. Stevens thought that I was the one who cheated. I thought you cared about me. I thought you're going to let my throat get cut just because you're afraid to disappoint your mother? Hey, my mother sacrificed her life so that I could become a doctor. And now you're asking me to sacrifice my career so you can have my dream Well, we find the guts to go and tell them, then maybe then maybe I can still stay Tell look, the truth is that you knew I was copying from you. You encouraged it, you allowed it. And when I wanted to come clean, you convinced me to shut up. Oh, my God, are you serious? You expect me to take the rap for you? Look, it's not just about me. All right, my mother and my uncle, they've worked their entire lives so that Oh, please. You know what, you're not the man I thought you were. Come on, Maggie, let's talk about this. I don't want to hurt you. You have, and the truth is that you don't give a damn I don't think you're stupid, just the opposite. What I said about Michael That was true? Yes came to Pine Valley. No, I haven't, not to you. Oh, please. All you had to do was smile, pretend to be kind, and I'm so pathetic that I bought every single word. Bianca, you're wrong. It's not what I did, not with you. You know what? I've heard just about enough of this, and I think I'm going to be sick. No, no, don't go. You're wrong, Bianca. Just smile. Just whisper anything in my ear. You know I'm going to believe you. Let go of me. No, I won't, I can't. So Michael thinks that we're working together, that I'm keeping quiet about his agenda while mine remains Toppling Erica and becoming the Goddess of Enchantment. Sounds like me, doesn't it? Well, as long as Michael thinks I'm I'm safe. Look, I don't know, Kendall. I mean, I still think you're taking a big risk playing double agent. What if Michael finds No, trust me, it's worth it. It's worth it. I can't wait to ambush that lying pig, to see his little face when he learns that I would join forces with Erica just to bring him down. Look, Kendall, I'm not kidding, ok? If Cambias finds out about your little plan, he's going to come after you. You're worried about me. Yeah, I am, ok, and you should be, too. You care, even after all the awful things I've done to you? Look, I know that wasn't you. Ok, I know you. I know it was Michael. Well, you can relax, ok? The only thing I'm going to get out of lucky, maybe your respect, too. Yeah, well, you've already got that. I do? Yeah, you do. And I want to help. If you're going to take Michael down, I want in. So, Janelle, you don't know for sure that Reggie's withholding information about who shot me. I wouldn't be surprised if he was. Has he told you anything about his family? Not much. I know he's got a couple of sisters. His older brother, George, was shot a few years back, in the chest. Just like me. And he was left in an alley, also like you. Who shot him? Someone that didn't like him talking to the cops. He had witnessed a crime, and he told the police everything he knew. I appreciate you telling me this, Janelle. It explains a lot. But there isn't make it. He's dead. So it was a party and there was drinks. A shot of liquor wouldn't kill you. No, there's nonalcoholic punch, too. And you were drinking it down. Yeah, because I didn't know that some idiot had spiked it with Ecstasy. You were on X? No, no, they put it in my drink. Yeah, sure. That's your story. You liked the high, don't you? No I don't know because I passed out, and I went into a coma. No way. No yeah, I did, and I felt like one of those kids in the commercial where, you know, " It takes one hit and you can die " thing. I don't know. Everyone else turned out just fine. So how come you got so ripped? I guess well, I think it . Oh, we're to the God part now? You want me to pray? The doctors told my parents I wasn't even expected to live. I mean, if I lived, I would turn out like a vegetable, and my parents they didn't freak out, they prayed for me, and they had everyone at church praying for me. And the whole time they just they begged God to use my body as an instrument to to, you know, convince people of the power of his love. And here you are today? Hey, three weeks later, I I woke up because of that, and the doctors couldn't even explain it, not not medically. Oh, so you're a miracle? Am I supposed to be impressed? Reggie, prayer works. I am living proof of that. So what happens to the people that get prayed for that don't wake up? What, as important to God? No, everybody is equally as important and loved by God. Everybody. So why don't you tell that to my brother, ok? Oh, yeah, you can't, because my brother's dead. I guess I wasn't speaking your God's language that day. I mean, I guess the big man just didn't want to be bothered. What do you hope to accomplish with this, Lena? Bianca, I am not prepared to lose this. What, all the cash that you're going to kiss good-bye when Michael finds out that I'm on to you? Listen, for the first time in my life I've found something, someone who's changed my life. You're talking about Michael Cambias, right? You. Bianca, you make me happy. Really, truly happy. Yeah, well, of course I do. Because of me, you're going to pain I've caused you, you must be aware of the feelings I have for you. Bianca, I thought these feelings only existed in fairy tales or poetry. Yeah, you just you sound just like me. Last night. That's because we share the same feelings. I feel just like you do. I thought you did, but I do. Bianca, you are all that matters to me. I love you. You know there's nothing I wouldn't do to keep my daughter safe. I know you would die for her. And so would I, but I just don't think that that's going to stop this guy. There's no way that murderer is getting near her. His safety hinges on shutting her up. It's possible that maybe maybe him being so close to getting caught just scared him off, you know. Edmund, I think that he's going to right now scoping out the place. If he does that, it'll be the biggest mistake of his stupid life, because I'll be there waiting for him. What? Do you have any kind of plan? Yeah. Step one, throw the rule book out the window. I forgot my cell. Look, Maggie, you know I love you. If you love me, you would tell Prof. Stevens the truth. My brother took a bullet right here. But it could've gone either way when he got to the hospital. Me, my mother, and my sisters, we kneeled all night in this chapel. You know, we prayed, we cried, and we begged. But we got screwed. Well, George did, anyway. But, you know, maybe we got our wires crossed, huh? Maybe we didn't get heard by your God. I I guess we can't always understand and my family went through more challenges than you could ever dream of. We needed a miracle, Joni, but I guess your God could only give out a certain number of those a year, right? Yeah, I think that's it. Can you can you take any comfort in knowing that that was God's will? God's will? You think, I mean, for his own private reasons that he wanted my brother dead? Thanks a lot, Joni. I feel a lot better. Um, I'm going to see you in church, ok? You must know it's true. You must have felt it. How can you love me and lie to me? Bianca, I'm not lying about the way I feel about you. It's new and it's incredible. I don't think I can ever live without it again. Bianca, I love you. I'm not lying about loving you. I do. Of course, I do. It'll work. I don't know, I I guess if you Nothing? Yeah, nobody around here has seen anyone or anything unusual, and nothing turned up in the park. So, listen, Ofc. Wright is going to stay here while Maddie's in the hospital. But when she goes home, I'm going to have an officer posted on site, 24/7. That'll put it over. What? I'm not giving this guy another chance to get at my daughter. Edmund Look, when he shows up at Wildwind, all he's going to find is me. No. Derek, listen to me. Sammie's going to stay with Isabella, ok? I'm going to make it look like Maria and Maddie are going to Wildwind, but they'll be going to a safe house. You don't really expect me to really don't have any say what I do with my family or where they go. Look, Edmund, your being a mercenary is not ok with me. Don't you want him off the street? Yeah, but not at the Look Not by risking your life to do it. Better my life than my daughter's. Listen, you know damn well you putting my daughter in Wildwind, it is like bait for that murderer. All right. Listen, let's say we try it your way. I'm not so sure that Maureen and Maddie in some remote location someplace is all that good of an idea. Listen, they both need protection, but I can't be in two places at the same time. So what do you say, Aidan? You up for the job? I feel a lot better about this. Me, too. I have missed your friendship so much. need me, you call, all right, and I'm there. It's great to know that you have my back. Just promise me you'll call. I'll call. Ok. Ok. You are such a great guy. Yeah? Well, then I should get the girl. 
If you're going to take Michael down, I want in. So, what do you think Erica did with Boyd's formula? I have no idea. Well, what about her penthouse? Does she have a safe in there? I'm sure your little lover will let you in. I'm not giving this guy another chance to get at my daughter. When he shows up at Wildwind, all he's going to find is me. 20% that's the target figure, and I want it by the end of the day. Look, my future with Cambias Industries is riding on this, so nothing can go wrong. All right, listen, you have your orders. Follow them. Idiot. I got your phone call. You sounded panicked. I warned you about crossing me. If you're deceiving me, Kendall, I'll make sure you wish you'd never left the swamps of Florida. All right, you know what? Take . I've thought of nothing but our plan since I last saw you. Mm-hmm. Yeah, even when you were kissing on Boyd Larraby? Yeah, I saw you. You were watching? Hmm. I wish I'd have known. I would have enjoyed it a lot more. This is funny to you, is it? You know, actually, I find it quite erotic. The thought of you watching me kiss another man mmm, I love that. Do you know what's at stake here? Do you? Yes, I do know what's at stake for you, and I could care less. I'm in this for myself. Everything I've ever wanted is very close to my grasp, and I'm going to see it through. Yeah? Then why the hell did you go see Larraby? To see if I can get him to trust me again. What for? We don't needn't need you sucking up to him. Remember that. Erica's applied for the patent. The formula is legally hers. So why did you go to see him? What, we're not even going to try to steal it from him? I'm approaching that from a different angle. See, by the end of the day, I'm going to own 20% of Enchantment. That will guarantee me a seat on the board of directors. Ok. Then what? Well, then I convince them that Erica isn't fit to run Enchantment and they put me in charge. And we'll have some oatmeal and some scrambled egg whites and some whole wheat toast. Fresh orange juice? Yes, of course. My, my, we brought an appetite to breakfast this morning, haven't we? Well, this is all for you. Your doctor said that if they released you today, then I would have to take me a half a grapefruit. Fresh coffee? Yes, please, for me. But herbal tea for Mr. Montgomery. Ok. Thank you. Half a grapefruit? And if I fall down, who's going to pick me up? I will. Always. June. You can't fool me, Erica. Hi. This looks like a cozy tete-a-tete between two lovers who've discovered each other again. Nothing like getting shot to stoke the fires of passion, huh? June, this is Jack's very first outing since being released to the please go away. I will give you an exclusive, just not today. Of course. Jack, do get some rest. Thank you, June. I'll call you to set something up. I am so sorry. Don't apologize. I know how much the world loves you. Well, I would settle for just you and Shut off the alarm. Oh, my goodness. This place belongs in a magazine. Yeah, it's beautiful, isn't it? Oh, look at the view. But quite honestly, I liked our old place better. Oh, yes, I heard about that how it got destroyed in the fire. Didn't it start in your room? Yeah, but I I didn't set it, I swear. Oh, no, of course you didn't. Oh, no, no. I was kidding. When I was a little girl, I found out that my mother was betraying my father. She was having an affair with Uncle Jack. And I got very angry, and I set my Uncle Jack doll on fire. It burned down the house. Nothing's ever been the same since. You're making me feel guilty because of what happened last night when you got back. You mean, I thought I explained. Yes that he wanted you to spy for him at Enchantment and that you said no. You sound like you don't believe me. What, that you sent him away unsatisfied? No. That I love you. Thanks, Joe. Make sure every entrance to this hospital is secure. We got a little girl who witnessed a murder. The killer tried to take her out once already. He's not going to stop trying. Where's daddy? I'm right here, sweetheart. Daddy Hi, baby. Joe, could I use one of the cubicles? Of course. Right here. Is everything ready? Mm-hmm. You know what, sweetheart? This morning, you're going on a really neat adventure. What kind of adventure? Well, you're going to go on a trip with mommy and Aidan. Where are you going to home at Wildwind. But when you get home No I don't want to leave. I don't want to leave you and Sammy. Please, daddy. Please, daddy, don't make me go. Now that's a bold plan. Just how do you plan to get between Erica and her board? Oh, I intend to let my partner, the future Queen of Enchantment, do the honors. Me? Mm-hmm. See, there was that incident with the letter opener Michael, you Where you accused her then-husband of raping you and she stabbed him. Yeah, but she was suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder. That was from her last Exactly, exactly. See, you can drive her to an act of insanity. That was a long time ago. Oh, what's changed? You're still capable of pushing her buttons like no one else, right? So you she'll lose it in front of everybody? You're just not a pretty face after all, are you? Let's see right now Erica's having breakfast with Jackson Montgomery at the Valley Inn. Now, I have a TV reporter showing up there. She thinks she's meeting a high-powered executive, but, actually, she's there to be a witness. A witness to what, exactly? A witness to a scene that will convince the Board of Enchantment that Erica's become unhinged and that she should go. Wow. Give me five minutes to get dressed. This is going to be fun. Oh, yeah. Very fun. I have a habit of falling for women who seem to care about me, but Bianca, I do care about you. And I care about you. But, I mean, honestly, Lena, we don't really know that much about one another. How can . I mean, I thought we did. Well, so did I. We do know each other, Bianca. We know what's important and but there will be plenty of time for us to find out our favorite colors and the best book we ever read. Or how you got that little scar. Bianca, I think we're lucky that we've got beyond just facts. Yeah. Like the way that a person can move you and you don't even know why or how. Exactly. I think that's just how people fall in love at first sight. Yeah. Even against their better judgment. You know, I really believe in kindred spirits. You know, we should we should really get to work. Oh. All we have to do is put this in the fridge. You know, it was really so sweet of you to think of this about having everything all set up Well, your mother means a lot to me. Does she remind you of your mother when she was alive? Well, you know, Erica made me feel very much at home at Enchantment. Well, I will be sure to tell her when she gets home just who's responsible for all these goodies. Oh, go ahead. Answer that. (Ring) Hello? Where are you? Yes Are you at Erica's? Did you get it? I'm working on that right now. I can probably overnight it to you. Just remember your mother's future depends on you. I wonder how long she'll last when she's been convicted of spying for the communists. Yes, I have that in my active file. There's no need to bring it up right now. Results, Lena. You'll have what you want. Everything ok? Oh, yes. Just some death. Oh. Wow. You poor thing. That's ok. Where's the kitchen? Oh, this way. Um what happened to the flowers we got for your Uncle? Oh, are they are they still in the car? Oh, would you mind getting them? I think they're probably in the back seat, or maybe they fell on the floor. You want me to get them? If you don't mind. Absolutely. Ok. The key's in my bag. Ok. I'll be right back Honey, it's going to be great. You're going to go to a really awesome place with Aidan and mommy. If it's so great, how come you're not coming with us? Because I have to stay at home and help the police catch that bad guy that you saw in the park. No. Oh I don't want the bad man to hurt you, too. Oh, sweetheart, he can't hurt your daddy. Besides, I'm going to be surrounded by a lot of policemen, so I'll be safe enough. I'm scared. Oh, sweetie, it's ok. I'm sorry, mommy. Why? What do you have to be sorry about? I shouldn't have ran off in the park. I'm old enough to know better, and Hey hey, hey, hey. No. No, no, no. None of this is your fault. You didn't do anything wrong. None of it. No, sweetheart. And you know what? This is going to be really great. I'm going to be with you every minute. I'm going to wake up with you in the morning. I'm going to go to bed with you at night. You're going to be there, too. It's going to be really fun. I don't want Aidan. I want you, daddy. I want you to be with Aidan, ok? All right, sweetheart, Aidan Aidan loves you, and he's going to take good care of you. I trust him. And if I trust him, then you should, too. Ok, daddy. Good girl. That's a good girl. Now come here, sweetie. Come here. Come here, sweetie. And I promise you this you are coming home to me, ok? Because I am never, ever going to lose anyone I love again. It's going to be so good. We're going to make it fun Edmund, it's time. Sweetheart, would you hold on to something for me? What? It's a St. Christopher's medal that my mother gave it to You don't know the story? St. Christopher was a world traveler, and he used to help people across a stream that was very dangerous. But instead of just guiding them across the stream, he actually carried them on his shoulders. Why? So they wouldn't hurt themselves. And then one day, there was a young boy that needed a ride home, and St. Christopher carried him across on his shoulders, but he got heavier and heavier as he started to cross. He thought the weight was going to crush him. And finally he got to the other side, and the boy told him who he was. Who was he? He was Jesus, and he was so heavy because he bore the whole weight of the world on his shoulders. Wow. Yeah, wow. So I want you to hold on to this, ok? And I want you to know that as long as you have this, nothing bad is protect you. I love you, daddy. I love you, too, sweetheart. Kendall-'s-voice Bianca, your girlfriend is sleeping with my boyfriend. The only reason Lena's with you is because Michael told her to seduce you. What was she doing sneaking into Michael's condo in the middle of the night? I saw her with my own eyes. Has Lena ever acted weird? Has she ever tried to gain access where she doesn't belong? I could get fired for this. The hidden cameras in the penthouse are to be used only in the event of an emergency. You know that I'm Erica Kane's daughter. I know that, but she didn't say anything about anybody coming in Be quiet, be quiet. Don't do it, Lena. Please, if I mean anything to you, don't do it. So, Erica, why don't you just give Bianca a call? Because, her response is always the same. When Bianca falls for the wrong person, she blames me. Well, maybe you should just let her get over it. Well, Jack, I'm not mad at Bianca. I mean, that's not the point. Look, if Bianca were standing on the railroad tracks and a train were bearing down on her She would hear it and she would get off of those tracks. Well, maybe. But I wouldn't just assume that. I would warn her. Of course you would. But Bianca is an adult, and adults make mistakes, especially when it comes to affairs of the heart. Well, there's nothing that Bianca could have done about this nothing whatsoever because Lena is really good. I mean, Lena fooled even me at first. You're positive that you're right about this and Bianca's wrong? About Lena? Yes. Lena is exploiting Bianca. Well, you warned Bianca and Kendall has warned Bianca, so maybe you should just leave it alone. What do you mean? Maybe Bianca realizes that she's on the road to heartbreak. Maybe she thinks it's worth it. Well, where is the rep from global network? Are we being stood up? No one at global network's ever heard of him. What? I bet Liza did this. I bet she set me up so I'll sign my new contract. This isn't Liza's style, and you know it. Well, somebody set me up. Who? That despicable man. Who? What? Who? It's not a total loss. I just might have a story that'll make Liza sweeten her offer. Herman, where are you? Yes. Good. Well, meet me at the Valley Inn. Yes, breaking news. Herman, your cameraman the 5:00 news tonight. What do you think is going to happen? All those daggers flying between Erica Kane and Michael Cambias he's trying a hostile takeover of Enchantment and his date happens to be Erica's discarded, Kendall Hart. I'm betting that Erica won't make a graceful exit. I just hope Herman gets here before first blood. Well, we have the attention of Erica and ms. Landau. You're on. Oh, not yet, not yet. Wait for Herman. Jackson, you've made an awfully quick recovery. Thank you so much for your concern, Kendall. Thank God the bullet missed your heart. Was it by any chance posttraumatic stress syndrome? Excuse me? Well, those nasty hallucinations of yours were you afraid that Jackson would hurt you? Is that why you shot him? What's so Shh. There. Erica Kane? Start rolling. Things are mind? Oh, I'm not the one with the history of mental illnesses. That would be you. I just heard that you were back together with Jack and I heard he'd been shot, and I figured you were behind it. That's absurd, Kendall. And she knows that. She's just baiting me. Why would I do that? To amuse your pimp, perhaps? Tell me, what services do you provide him when you're not trying to seduce one of my employees? Nothing that you wouldn't have provided if Michael had All right, Kendall, I want you to get out of here. I mean now, now, before I have you Jack? Jack? Jack? Everything that Kendall said was everything Kendall said was true. Are you all right? Just turn it off. Turn it off, ok? I've seen enough. Wait a minute. What . No. Don't do that. Hang up. But that woman in there just stole the combination to Ms. Kane's safe and she's ransacking I know what she did, ok? I saw it with my own eyes. What should I do? Anything? No. I'll take care of this. It's beautiful, and it says " protect us " on the back. How apropriate. Edmund, I don't want to rush you Ok, I'm coming. I'll be right back. Ok. I'm going to go, too. Ok. I'm sorry, but the longer we wait Police escort waiting? The squad car is outside. All right. I have to tell you, though, this doesn't feel right to me. Derek, Maria and I agreed the safest thing to do is to get Maddie out of here know, while you pretend to take her to Wildwind. All right, well, she witnessed a murder, ok? The killer was here to finish off the job. All right, now, what do you think? You think - you think he's going to stop before he finds her? I understand. Don't tell me that the police are doing everything they can. That's not the point. Look, we can get this guy without you having to risk your life. How? You have a better way to flush him out? Just be careful. Don't make me regret this. You know, for what it's worth, Edmund, if Maddie was my daughter, I'd I'd do the same thing. I'm counting on the fact that you would die for her. For both of them. I'll do whatever it takes. Thank you for what you're doing for my let you down. Oh, look what I've got. A laundry cart? Well, not just any laundry cart. This is a super-duper highway laundry cart that's going to take you to a special place. What special place? It's a surprise, so I can't tell you. But I think it's going to be pretty fun. I, actually, can not wait to go to this special place. It's going to be exciting. There's Aidan, the laundry man. You're in costume? Ready to play a game? Yes, he is in costume. Now what do you suppose is in that cart, Miss Maddie? It's just towels right now, but you and mommy are going to go inside and cover yourselves up. Me and mommy in the towels? Uh-huh. Well, of course, if you think it's, like, kind of boring, we That's so not fun. Ok. (Maddie-squeals) Shh. This is way better. You have to be very, very quiet. Very quiet, sweetie. Ok. Cover you up. There you go. That's very Where'd she go? Shh. That's good. Your turn. Try not to worry. I'll take care of her. Please take care of yourself. Our kids need you. All right, you. You are hogging all the towels in there, so move over. Move over. Come on in. I'm coming on in. (Maddie-giggles) You ready to go, sweetie? You ready? Ready. Ready. Ooh. Erica's fridge is now fully stocked. Oh. Gosh, you work fast. Did I tell you how sweet I think this is of you to think of this? Yes. You have a good heart. I should believe that. Right? Bianca. Listen, I will make sure that from now on you get to know me I mean really know me. It's going to be my number one priority for as long as we're together. As long as all that, huh? Yes. Wow. Listen I'll make sure that from now on you never doubt that everything that I tell you is the truth, ok? Do you remember when you came to the airport when I was about to leave the country? You told me that you felt we were worth fighting for. You just didn't want to do it alone. Yeah. Well, I get emotional at airports, and goodbyes are my specialty. No, no, no. I know you meant it. You know, you never told me why you were going to leave. Oh. Michael was pressuring me to spy for him, and my first then you came and you made me realize how much I was going to miss. Anyway, the question isn't why I was leaving but why I stayed. Bianca, I stayed for you. You know what? We should we should really get going because my Uncle Jack and my mom are going to be back really soon and they're definitely going to want their privacy. You ready? Yes. Jack? Jack, should i call a doctor? No. No, I just I just got a little winded. No. I stood up too fast. No, I should've taken you home straight from the hospital. Is there anything I can do? You can get out of our sight. So far, we got a guy who fainted. Keep shooting. Believe me, this isn't over yet. Come on, come on, come on. Don't blow it now, Kendall is not my fault. What the hell is he doing out of the hospital? What, you lose one man, now you have to bring your new man around, parade him around for all the world to see? Oh, Kendall, every time I think that we're making progress, you just you just dash all my hopes. I mean, you live and breathe to wound me. The two of you just lower your voices, please? I'm trying, Jackson. I'm sorry. I'm just trying to warn you. Obviously you haven't been around her long enough to know how she really is grasping and needy and utterly selfish. That is enough, Kendall. No, you know what? She's going to hurt you. One way or another, she's going to hurt you. Trust me. Stop it. Not another word. I mean, look at what she did to Chris Stamp. is he now? Gone. I don't see him now. I am not going to tell you again. Ah, yeah, you do a great little act, don't you, Erica? She does a great little act. But you know what? That poor, little, hurt child is underneath the surface, just waiting for any excuse any excuse to just pounce. Oh, my God, my God, what did I tell you? I know it all too well, Erica, remember? I was living at Wildwind when you stabbed Dimitri. Remember that? Oh, poor, pitiful, little Erica, trying to deal with her wounded childhood trauma. Shut up right now. No, I'm not going to shut up right now. Jackson, run. Run. Get the hell out while you can. You you can not love anybody. No one will ever love you the way you need to be loved, when the going gets tough, you snap. You just strike out. You see? You see, folks? She is crazy. She is certifiably crazy, folks. Ok, that's enough, that's enough. Come on, come on, come on. You know what, Erica? Let's just put down the cutlery, shall we, and get out of here, please? Ok. Is That was That what you is that what you wanted? Yeah, you were magnificent. Ok. Well, no doubt about it, after the story runs on the evening news, Erica's downfall begins and I'll step in as savior. And? And, of course, your reign of Enchantment is assured. I'm counting on it. Ok, we're home now, honey. You're safe. Everything is going to be ok. All right, you son of a bitch we're here. Maddie. Where are you? We're where? Come here. We're on a yacht. You mean a big, big boat? Thank you. I've never been on a yacht before. At least I don't remember. Well, you know what? Like mother, like daughter. Can I go see the water? Um I don't know. What do you think, honey? Maybe you should speak to your daddy first. Yeah, you know what? Actually, that's a pretty good idea. But we're going to have a lot of fun while we're here. We are? Yeah. How long are we going to be here? (Door-opens) Here. Now you can stop what you're doing to me. The billion-dollar disk? You got it for me? Yes. You've got Boyd's formula. Now leave . So you can get your little seaside house with Bianca? I mean it, Michael. Enough. So, how do you feel now? I still feel fine. I always felt fine. Hello? It's me. Kendall. Weren't we convincing? For a minute there, I thought we'd have to call the paramedics. Did Michael buy it? Completely. He totally bought it. What about June Landau's media coverage? Oh, well, I can always keep that going with a promise of an even bigger exclusive. Well, what could be even bigger than you brandishing a sharp object in public? The fall of the Cambias empire after his failed takeover attempt of Enchantment. Ok, I can't talk here. I have to go over to Fusion. So, what's our next move? I'm planning that now. I'll be in touch. Bianca. mom, I hope you're happy, because everything that you said about Lena is true. Of course I'm not happy. Honey, she has hurt you, and I hate her for that. But believe me, she is going to pay both she and Michael Cambias. Good. Because that's all I want. Well, don't you worry, baby. Don't you worry. They are going to be so sorry that they ever messed with us. 
Whoa. Well, I must say, that felt wonderfully familiar. All the love that we had for each other, all the feelings that we had for each other they're still there, ain't they? They always will be. We wasted so much time. Shh. I've never been more happy or relieved to see anyone in my entire life. Juan-Pablo We've been apart only 24 hours. Yeah, 24 minutes, 24 seconds who cares? It seemed like forever. I was really worried that you were disappointed in me. Juan-Pablo Why should I be? Ryan made everything sound so skeevy me going to see him and trying to save my company and it wasn't anything like that. Juan-Pablo It's really not my business, is it? Well, I let Ryan have it for what he did. Juan-Pablo For telling me that you went to his room? Forget it. Yeah. Let's forget all about it and start over tonight, just the two of us. Let's run away together. Please say yes, Juan Pablo. So, Timothy, do you think you're the sexiest man in America? Hey, would you argue with how many voters? Oh, thousands. You want to tell them they're wrong? I sure don't. And neither will i. Listen to him. Brains and brawn. Yum. How does it feel to be in the spotlight? Oh, it's really awesome. Do you need me? You fancy getting out of here? Oh, I can't. We just we just announced the Face of Fusion winner. I kind of have to stick around. Let me just borrow you for a few minutes, Mia. Um Oh, Timothy is all yours. Not now. Get Greenlee. Hey, no, I gave the reporters all your background And don't be hard to get. We got to go, Aidan. I'm not. I wouldn't do that. Listen, wait for me. I'll be right back, ok? I'll be right there. What's going on? The cops here or Who needs them when I've got the DA wannabe and now you snapping at my heels? Kendall, I'm not out to pin Michael's murder on you. Right. You're the prince who wants to cheat me out of my inheritance. I don't want to cheat you out of anything. I'm sorry. About what? Us. And how I wasn't able to help you out until now. You want to help me? Yeah. You going to let me? I'm worn out with this. You want to tell me what happened out there? It was just more of the same. I face of Fusion contest, and then Justin got all in my face and he was trying to get me to confess to murder. I'm sick of it. You're scared. No, I'm tired, Ryan. This witch-hunt got real old real quick. It's ok, you know, to be frightened, Kendall. No. I won't give in. It's ok. You're not alone. Call your pilot. Tell him we're going to Milan. Juan-Pablo I can not go away with you. I have unexpected business. Oh. Ok. Milan can wait. But I can't. Let's find someplace where we can be alone. Juan-Pablo Not tonight. You're still angry, aren't you, because I refused your offer and I went to Ryan about Fusion. Juan-Pablo I'm not angry, but I can not stay to talk. I must go. Oh. Well, I'll it's possible. Good night. Oh, there you are. Oh, it's totally time for your your photo op with Timothy. Oh, he's so awesome. Ok, why not? Ok, get up there. Smile pretty. Oh, did America do great or what? Yeah, we should all be so lucky, right? Oh, yeah. Have you seen Aidan anywhere? No. Why? Um oh. Wait Hi. He wants to meet with me, alone. Um I have to meet with Sally Strickland about a media blitz No, no, no, Strickland can wait. The dream that I had Aidan was the guy in the dream. Oh, right, your dream Yeah. And now he wants to meet with me. He's all about being alone. So I was thinking, you know, maybe it's going wait. There he is over there. Ok, wish me luck. Good luck. You just got back from the high seas at booga-booga or whatever, and you hooked up? Don't help. Is it serious? It's very serious. Well, if I were you, I would break it to your old man slowly. And I'd have her pedigree handy if I could. See you in a minute. Damn. How do you do it? Relax. Don't sweat it. You're going to hook up with a girl eventually. Hey, maybe tonight at the beach, huh? No thanks to you. You blew off Katelyn, so those two girls left. But you're right. There will be lots of girls at this party tonight. You sure you don't want to go? No, I'm going to blow it off. But hold on a second. What, you're Um you know what? But I bet there's something else in there I could really use. Yeah. Like this? Yeah, thanks. Here's hoping. Yeah. Thanks for taking time out of the party. Oh, sure. No big deal. Listen do you believe in dreams? Dreams? Why, sure. We all have them. Right. Well, I I know, but do you believe in them coming true? I don't know. Why? You know, last night I had this weird dream about choices making them, you know. And you were in it. I was? Yeah. I was fighting in a boxing ring people that I knew. People. So we me and you were fighting? No, no, I wasn't fighting you. I mean, I wanted to pulverize everybody else. But when you got into the . So so what you mean is you think this means something? What? Miss du Pres, can I get you to look up at Timothy? What? I'm sorry. Look up. Give me a big smile. Haven't you taken enough pictures already? Not really. Um Timothy, you know what? I'm really sorry. I've I've just had a rough day. Hey, no problem. You've been really great. Thank you. If you'll excuse me, ok? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa What, you can't duck out now. Yeah, I have to. No what's wrong? What is it? Ryan? Is it Juan Pablo? Greenlee oh. Greenlee Greenlee, what's going Greenlee, wait You can't give up. I can barely breathe. Kendall, you tell him everything. Begin with right after the hearing. Tell him everything. Tell him everything you know about the disappearance, about Michael's murder. You can't keep worrying about protecting someone else. I'm not. Kendall, Erica can take care of herself. Oh, man. I just left myself wide open. You get all soothing, and I just sink right into it. You actually made me feel warm and loved for a second, the way I used to feel right before you took off, back when you were pretending like you actually cared about me. That wasn't an act, Kendall. I cared about you. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have left. Whoo. Maggie, I can carry my own suitcase. No, I got it, I got it. No, you don't. It's like practically empty, and you can hardly lift it. Oh, is that Maggie, seriously, there's, like, a few pairs of shoes in there and that's it. A few pairs of shoes? Please, you could open up a store. I mean, why do you need so many, anyway? Don't they make your feet all swollen? I don't know. Do they? Well, yeah, someone told me about that when you get pregnant. I don't know. Wow. Well, I guess I'll find out. You know, you're really lucky that you found an apartment so quickly. I am lucky. And the time frame is absolutely perfect because the sublet's up February 1. I know, and it works out perfectly for me, too, because when you start to show and you need to loose leave town, you know, first semester will be ending, and the second semester well, I'll just take off. No, you 's not a big deal. I can just make up the classes later. But, Maggie, it's too much. It's not too much. What is too much is you going at this pregnancy alone. Maggie, I'm not going to let you turn around your whole life for me. I will turn my life back around after little Myrtle is born. " Little Myrtle "? Well, yeah. Aren't you going to name the baby after Mrs. Fargate? No, I'm not. But seriously, Maggie, I'm not going to let you do this. Bianca, if it wasn't for you, I would have ended up in Oak Haven when I came here. I was such a mess. Stop it. Seriously, you broke down the walls that I put up, and I think that you saved my life. I love you for not letting me push you away. Ok?, no matter what. You, me, and little Latifah, if it's a girl. Oh. You're right, you're right. I'm sorry. I was being very unfair. You you did care about me for about the five seconds that we were engaged. I wasn't the one undressing and offering myself to someone else. You wanted out of the relationship. Aidan was just a convenient excuse. Wait. What are you talking about? You were stripping for the guy. Yeah, well, didn't it seem a little extreme to you, sort of beyond flirting? Why didn't you just listen to me? Why didn't you ask me All right And just hear me out? Kendall Kendall, let's just focus on what's going on with you now No, you're wrong, Ryan I did care about you I've never stopped caring I did. You're facing a murder rap, Kendall. Do you understand me? You could go to prison for the rest of your life. Whoever's hiding behind you should have to deal with that. Why are you so sure that I'm shielding somebody? Oh, Aidan. Aidan he told you. Yeah, we talked. Well, what, are you you banding together with Aidan? You're ganging up on me with Aidan? We both would like to keep you out of prison. You can both go straight to hell. Greenlee couldn't be stopped? God I don't know what got into her. This evening's been going so well. Maybe she left something at the office. She'll be back. Yeah, I guess. So, anyway, where were we? Dreams. We were talking about choices, boxing. How did it end? Oh, right . You don't really want to listen to what my dreams are. You didn't bring me out here for that, did you? Mia, I know we we haven't spent much time together. But I think you're smart and full of courage. And when Kendall and I went after Cambias to get evidence against him, you you jumped right on board. Well, sure. I mean, why wouldn't I? Well, most girls wouldn't even risk messing with Cambias, but you did, and I owe you for that. And I shouldn't really ask you this, but I'm hoping I'm hoping that you're going to say yes. To what? What are you asking? Kendall has got her guard up recently, and I can't get her to trust me. Kendall. Yeah. And Ryan ever since he's come back, I mean, he's been messing with your really going to sway Kendall away from Ryan towards you. No, no. That's not what I'm after. I really have to get back to Timothy right now. This is Mia, this isn't a contest between me and Ryan. This is about Kendall Right, right. Trying to keep Kendall out of prison. Ok. She could be charged with murder and convicted. With you acting as my self-appointed savior? On that note Where the hell do you get off? Since you won't help yourself, Kendall I told you to back off, but you're so bloody determined to save me, you managed to persuade Ryan to go in with you. What I'm trying to do is get you to Oh, shut up. All you're trying to do is make me fall in love with you. Things went so wrong between us. How does Well, I'll tell you what. My guess is it's because people are so imperfect. Looking straight at me. I guess you mean me. No, I mean you, me, everybody in this crazy world. Yes, I wish you would have told me the truth about Greenlee, but you didn't. And I got to tell you, there are many, many things I wish I would have done you know what? Can we can we maybe just, like, put this aside for a while? Oh, I would love to just bury this forever. Please, just let me help you, Erica. That sounds so marvelous. And I could help Kendall, too. But the only way that I can help either one of you is is if you is if I know the truth. The truth about Michael Cambias? Yes, about the night he disappeared. Now, I know you, did he have his gun with him that night? A gun? A gun. Yes. Please be honest with me. I I need to know everything you saw, Erica, everything you did. I see. You want me to be honest with you, but you're not being honest with me because the truth is you don't love me. You don't love me at all. What are you talking about? Of course I love you. I love you with all my heart. Oh, well, if you did, you certainly wouldn't be using me. Using how am I using you? I'm not using you. A despicable man dies, a man who raped your niece and who tried to rape me and Kendall just before that. So he dies. Well, he deserved to die He deserved worse than that I agree. What do you do? You punish me for No no, no, no, no, no. In his murder? No. I want to know about David. I want to know David's moves the night after Michael's hearing. I want to know what he did the night Michael disappeared. Now, you were with him. You were with David. What did he want from you? Unlike you, nothing. Wait a minute. Listen to me. Now, Cambias was killed with a .38 caliber handgun, the same as David's. But I think you probably already know that, don't you? Now, I know that David's gun was fired that night because he told me so himself. Well, then why are you bothering with me? Because, Erica, I need to know if David fired that gun or if you did. I'm not going to incriminate myself or my friend. You want to talk? Subpoena me. Oh, And if you're really upset this is perfect your long-lost daughter can console you Would you oh, Lord. I didn't expect anyone to be here. Yeah, well, that's ok. I think Erica and I were pretty much done. Why is it that when you try to fix something, you think you're doing exactly the right thing to make it right And it still falls in on top of you. And then I'm left there wondering how I ruined everything and if I've lost him, and that's the last thing that I want to happen. How does that happen? Why can't you be like other new daughters? Why can't you ask me the easy stuff like, " Gee, Daddy, why is the sky blue? " I ask questions no one can answer. Yeah, well, you know what? We won't know that until we try. Come a problem, and there's a man involved, yes? Two men are involved. My, my. Busy, busy. I take it one of them is Juan Pablo. I don't know what to do about him. And that would be because of bachelor number two. Please tell your father it isn't Ryan. Ryan, ok. So you're at a loss for what to do with Juan Pablo, so how about Ryan? How do you want to handle him? I want to murder him. Excuse me. Pardon me. Just one second. Timothy, congratulations. I'm Ryan Lavery. I'm the owner of Fusion. You? I thought No, no, no, no. I'm the owner now. They just stay on to run it. Hey, as long as they're around, I really don't care who owns it. Tell me, is Kendall Hart? No, she's unavailable, too. Mia? Simone? Hey, hey, down boy You're the Face of Fusion. There's going to be lots of unattached women. I'm trying to solve a murder, not put the moves on you. You told me that you loved me. Wake up, Kendall. You're in a hell of a mess. You've got to face it and work with me so we can dig you out of this hole What, you don't want to save yourself? At the expense of my mother, no. Ever since I've known you, you've done nothing but bend over backwards for this woman. You know what, Aidan? My relationship with my mother is off-limits. You are just as important as Erica is, but you're so loaded with guilt that you're willing to lay down your life for this woman. talking sense, I'm going to be inside. I'm going. I'm going inside. You are not responsible for the way you were conceived and you are not responsible for the fact that Erica had you, then gave you up for adoption. She didn't have a choice. You didn't rape your mother and you didn't rape your sister. None of this is your fault. And you don't deserve to go to jail or get a lethal injection just because of someone else's rotten luck Ugh I thought he wanted to talk to me. You know, there's no sense in rehashing my humiliation. Huh? He's just got Kendall on the brain She's got him and Ryan? Ryan just followed her in the back room. Yeah, well, I guess Kendall's a busy girl. And you know what? Men are jerks. What? I am not going for I swear, they grow up so fast, it's ridiculous. Oh listen to you. You broke the sound barrier. I'm not kidding. You should've seen the look of envy on Jamie's face when he realized his brother had hooked up. Jamie has not entered the race. What, are you joking? Considering that J.R. has already medaled in the event? Well, then, you better watch him. What do you think I'm doing? Lock up your daughters. Hmm. Which means by the way, wasn't he trolling the dance floor just a minute ago? Yeah. Where where is he? Yeah, that's what I'm asking myself. Uh-oh. No, no, no, no, no, no. Jamie didn't have enough time to meet somebody and go somewhere where he shouldn't go and do something he shouldn't do. when we were his age? Be afraid. Be very afraid. Hey, Steve. What's going on, bro? What's up? Same old same old. You want to sit? No. I need to survey the area. You'll be disappointed. Oh, man. Hey. Hey, yourself. Are you waiting for someone? Only the end of the world. Do you want a drink or something? I came prepared. Oh. That's too bad. Hey, I didn't offer. I'm going to have to see some I.D. What for? Well, I'm guessing you're underage. My ID is at home. If you don't believe me, shake me down. Go ahead frisk me. I'm old enough to drink and do a lot of other things, too. I'm still going to need proof that? Nice. I knew you weren't a cop. You weren't so sure. Drink? Thanks. Are these your people? I know most of them. But do you? Not one. How did you get here? Are you a transfer student or something? I was bored. I left my private jet at the airport and I took a walk. Voil. The airport's, like, miles away. You don't believe me? (Woman-chuckles) You think I came to town on the big Grey dog, maybe? I don't know. Do you care? I'm just glad you're here. I didn't want to be alone, so I went out walking and I heard the music. I like watching people. Yeah. Yeah, so do I. But I wasn't about to join them. I don't need the hassle. too many bourbon and gingers, blink, I'm surrounded by three or four big guys wailing on each other till they drop. You sound dangerous. There is just a type of guy that turns animal around me. And when there's a pack of them, look out. Well, I'm basically nonviolent by nature, but some things are definitely worth fighting for. You don't seem like the brawling type. No blue collar. Guys in shirts like this have their photos in magazines, not on post office walls. Busted. I'm independently wealthy. My great-great-grandfather was loaded and I still got all his money. Solid gold. Lucky you. And I'll bet there's always ice in the ice bucket. Huh? On the marble bar in your vast living room. You pick up the lid and there's always ice? Where are you from? Far away. Are you homesick? What's your Or Jamie, whichever you like to say. And yours? Babe. What's your problem? Well, nothing. It's just earlier I was talking to a friend of mine about his girl and look, never mind. Babe, that suits you. Babe what? If you need more than that, I don't need to know you. You're very mysterious, Babe. Not once you get to know me. Prove it. It's late. I should take off. Got room in that jet for me? It could be a pretty wild ride. I thought you said you didn't want to be alone. I don't. Well, I'm ready for anything. Are you? Who are you calling? Who do you think I'm calling? I'm calling Brooke. Brooke, it's Ok hi We're at the SOS here, having a great time. Bye What the Stop being Adam. I'm not being Adam. Not necessarily worried about Jamie. I'm more concerned about the women of Pine Valley. Jamie's fine. The women are fine. Now, come on. Let's dance. You sure you won't hurt me? Excuse me. Is this conversation closed or can anybody join in? Uh I wasn't saying anything. Well, that's ok. I'm Justin McCoy. Right, the new Assistant DA. I remember. That's right. Yeah. You're Simone Torres. Yeah You're one of the forces behind Fusion. Mm-hmm. And this is really a great party. Great, yeah. Thanks. Yes. The sexiest man contest was totally my brainchild and this party totally my idea. Right. I have put Fusion on all the ideas? Hmm, yep. But you have no idea how to handle your date. My what? Tad Martin, the guy over there you keep staring at. I wasn't staring. Now, I would be so delighted to help you out any way that I can. Really? Yeah. And what exactly do you have in mind? Let's dance. Let's give him a little taste of his own medicine over there. Let's make him jealous. I'd love to. All right. How am I doing? I say we turn up the heat. All right. Keep him the hell away from me I don't want to look at his face anymore. I am so sick of your accusations and your stupid theories. You are wrong about me and you're wrong about my mother. Put some weight into it. I'm not that Come on you need a bigger suitcase. No, I need a bigger friend. What in the world do you think you're doing? Oh Mom. What are these suitcases doing out? Well, I got a sublet, so I'm I'm moving out. You can't leave now. It would be a complete mistake for you to think of living alone. Well, she's not going to be alone. I'm moving with Bianca. You never mentioned you'd be sharing an apartment with Maggie. Well, it wasn't definite Nope, until now. Well, I got out of my dorm, so it's cool. Don't worry. We're going to take care of each other. So, what happened? Well, Ryan talked to Juan Pablo. I see. Um about what? Any of my business? Yeah. He told him that it was strictly business. I see. So, Ryan's starting to stir up trouble between you and Juan Pablo? Exactly. Yeah. See, Juan Pablo said that I should cut my losses and walk away from Fusion, and he offered to set me up in a new business. But I accused him of controlling me and trying to buy me. That's not what he was trying to do. He just wanted me to be free and independent. Have you talked to him about this? Yeah. I apologized to him a little while ago. But he didn't he didn't buy it, huh? Thanks. He said he's ok, but he just took off. Well, that sounds like he's not ok, and that's why you're here for some advice from me. What's my next move? Well, for one, I would very strongly suggest that you do not kill Cambias case solved. Well, I thought so, too. I thought the police have enough to deal with right now. Yeah, very wise. Yeah. Very wise. Now, what I'm about to say, you may not want to hear, frankly. Whatever it is, I can take it. Well, it seems your Argentinean friend, Juan Pablo, has quite a reputation with the women. It's it's fairly common knowledge. Not that common. What did you do, run a background check on him? Well, let's just say I asked some friends who knew some the point is, evidently, his relationships don't have great staying power. I mean, he gets involved quickly, it burns hot, then it burns out, and I'm just thinking that if whatever you had with Juan Pablo is over, maybe you're better off. Can't say that I'm surprised. I may have been wrong about Juan Pablo, but I was right about one thing you make a great dad. Aw. Well, now you've made me feel better. I just wish I could've done the same for you. Ah, next time. You've got a deal. Take care of yourself, all right? Mm-hmm. See you. Who do you think you are, God? Who put you in charge of investigating Michael's death? Get a grip, all right? There's reporters everywhere. I don't care. I don't give a damn. Oh, yeah, I forgot bad publicity is exactly what you and our company needs. You know what, Simone? I don't worry about it. Let's go I'm not going to trash your precious little press event, ok? Here, let's go. Kendall wo and sentenced. Well, I'd say she's off to a pretty good start. I'm just I'm just worried about her, Mia. I know. I can see that you really are worried about her. I'm sorry. You know, if there's anything that I can do to help you keep Kendall from going to trial, you can count me in. Thanks. I think don't look now but maybe your partner's finally cracked. Hmm. You want to say something? Ugh. I'll go talk to her, see if I can help her. (Simone-chuckles) You are so bad, which is so good. Excuse me. I was going to ask if I could cut in, have this dance, if it's no problem. Actually, it is. I'm having quite a good time, thank you. (Simone-chuckles) You're after him. Remember that. mean, just one dance? Do you mind? No, no, no. Go right ahead. Oh Enjoy. Thank you. You are so understanding. He is so understanding. But if it doesn't work out with him, you know, you can always call me. Really. Ok. Look, of course it would be a good idea for you to have a roommate. I'm very grateful to you, Maggie, about No need to be grateful. We're really excited about putting our new apartment together. What, is it a two-bedroom? No, it's a studio, but it's big. It's really big. Yeah, and you don't have to worry about anything. Mom, we have everything covered. Yeah, I don't know what you mean by " everything covered. " Whew. All right. Why the hell did you was finished. What's wrong? Couldn't you and your daughter find anything to talk about? Sorry, I thought you were alone. Uh, we we could use some fresh air, right? Oh. Do you want to take a walk or something? Yeah, definitely. How about I buy you a cone at Temptations? That's that's perfect. Hi. Hi. Good night. Good night. Why don't you just call me tomorrow because I'm busy. No, no, no, no, no. You're not that busy. Look, Bianca's moving out. I'm helping her pack. Yeah, well, take a break Get out of my home. I am not going anywhere until you and I get something settled here. 
Kend Erica, we need to get a few things straight. Kendall, I've been expecting you. Aidan spun some bull about me being on your side, that I'm lying to the police and the whole town to protect you. Well, let me just make it very, very clear the only side I'm on is mine. Looking out for myself is what I do best. I see. And as far as Enchantment goes? Don't hold your breath waiting for me to give it up. I'll fight to the finish and win. Anything else? Yeah. Thanks for the two seconds we bonded, but it's past midnight and this mother/daughter fairy tale's turned into a pumpkin, so, I won't be needing these anymore. Your mother's stupid pearls mean even less to me than you do. Yo, Daddy, you're looking at the answer man. I'm it. Ok, so what do you got all the answers for, don't get an offer like that every day. Let's hear it. Case closed. I know who killed Michael Cambias. David, hey. Hey. I'm sorry that I'm late. Maggie and I were signing the lease on a new place. Maggie's moving in with you? Yeah, isn't it great? Well, yeah, that's great, but how are you going to conceal your pregnancy if you have a roommate? Oh, Maggie knows that I'm still pregnant, and she's sworn to secrecy. She's going to stick by me until the baby's born. In fact, I'd be surprised if she doesn't want to cut the umbilical cord herself. That's my cousin. Mm-hmm. Have a seat, honey. Come here. And once I start to show, Maggie has offered to come with me when I leave town. Well, what about, she's taking a semester off. I tried to talk her out of it, but you know Maggie, she's so stubborn. Yeah, I do. So, you're committed to seeing this pregnancy through, huh? Yeah, absolutely. Why? You're still going to help me, aren't you? You're not going to tell my mother about this David, you promised me that you weren't. Ok, Bianca Bianca, Erica believes that you terminated the pregnancy. Now, unless you change your mind, that is your call to make, not mine. So you'll keep my secret? Of course I'll keep your secret. For your sake and for Erica's. I don't think she can handle the shock with everything she's going through right now. What do you mean? Something wrong? David, tell me, is my mother in some kind of trouble? Hey, McCoy them in. Ok. So are you ready to take my statement, Lieutenant? I told you, no trades. You're a man of your word, and I respect that. I am not giving you that autopsy report. I don't care how much you need Michael Cambias' time of death. No trade, Lieutenant, this one's a freebie. So you want my statement or not? I want the truth, starting with everything you have on Michael Cambias and Kendall Hart. I know what you're doing, and I want you to stop. There is no way that I'm going to let you sacrifice yourself, risk losing everything for me. Oh, typical. Making this all about you. As usual, it's about you. Enough. For once in your life, Kendall, you're going to listen to your mother. Here's your paper. Yes My coffeemaker died else. Jamie doesn't have time. Jamie, come on Shake a leg There's a lot of traffic, and I'm already late Mmm, what is this, hazelnut? What are you doing? I thought Jamie was supposed to have spent the night at your house last night. He didn't spend the night here? Not that I'm aware of. Well, I just assumed since he didn't come home last night, that the Fusion party ran late, and he crashed here with you. Oh. Oh. Well, maybe he did, and he just had an early class. No, he wanted me to give him a ride to " Tempo " because he needed to do some, I don't know, research checking for this paper. Could've slipped his mind. Are you sure he's not here? Jamie? Absolutely sure. I'm positive he is not here. I spotless. There's no clothes on the floor, the TV's cool to the touch. Well, did you check his voicemail? Don't do this, ok? Just just stay calm, all right? Tad, our son's been out all night. We don't know where he is, and for all we know, he might be lying in a ditch somewhere. I'm not the only one who wants you. Well, it's nothing that can't wait. Nowhere you got to be? Not in a hurry. You're a guy who takes his time. I never would've guessed last night was your first. You seemed to know your way around. Beginner's luck. Better use it up before it runs out. Yo, Dad, this is Patrick. We used to hang out together. Hi, Patrick, Jack Montgomery. How you doing? Michael Cambias? Tell him. Well, one night, late, I catch this dude over by that boarded-up meatpacking place? Yeah, tell him what he looked like. Oh, he had a mean face, beady eyes like a rat. Everything else about him said uptown I mean, his threads, his watch, even his hair screamed out money. Like, you know, Michael Cambias. So what was he doing at the docks? Oh, he was making all this noise about how much of a player he was. You know, thumbing through cash like he was out to buy trouble. And that's what he got. Really? Trouble, mm-hmm. So what exactly happened? Well, this gang shows up. Not homeboys. From Center City, maybe. Yeah? How many, Patrick? Eight, nine. Well, they moved in on Mr. Jack Flash, and some I was behind a shipping crate. Anyway, it got ugly real fast, and so I beat it. I never did see Mr. Money after that, or the guys that worked him over. Did you actually see any members of this gang inflict physical harm on Michael Cambias? They wasn't there to hug him. If you encounter a gang like that, they mean to do damage. Yeah, I figured it for a paid hit. Really? Interesting, interesting. Yeah, you know, Cambias on the business end of a meat hook. Payback. Well, we don't know that, you know, Patrick here actually saw Michael Cambias. How long ago was this? A few weeks back. I'm not really down with dates. Yeah, but he's really good with faces, you know? Especially the ugly ones. Look, Patrick's got it in the bag, you know? Case closed down. I appreciate it. I really do, but if we have any other questions, we'll give you a call, huh? I'm done? You are done. He's done? How come you're just going to let him go without taking down a statement or anything? Because his story has more holes than a piece of Swiss cheese, Reggie. Now, let me ask you a question. Who are you protecting here? Is it somebody else or yourself? Who said anything about Kendall? You just gave me a firsthand account about Kendall finding out that the building that Cambias was stashed in was slated for demolition and how she freaked out. Right, but I didn't actually see or hear anything that would tie Kendall to the Cambias homicide. Before you left town, you and Kendall were engaged, right? Yeah, so? So, maybe you're covering for her. This is unbelievable a good guy, and all I get is attitude. Well, you know what? Forget it. All right, all right, Ryan straight talk. Give me what you got. What's this? Evidence, and I have a lab report to back it up. Evidence against Hey, I got no ax to grind with anybody. Ok, but my back up against the wall, my money's on David Hayward. Bianca, your mother's fine. Well, but, David, you just said That she's going through a lot right now, like her fighting with Ryan and Kendall to regain control of Enchantment, right? And I'm sure she's not that crazy about you moving out. No, she's not, and it looks like she and Uncle Jack are not getting back together again. Yeah, well, that's something you can't worry about. Which is why I to declare your life a no-stress zone. Hmm. Yeah, right, like that's going to happen. Yeah, well, that's something you're going to have to make happen, because worrying's not good for you or for this baby. Well, I'm just trying to take each day as it comes. Good. So are you losing any sleep over your decision to see the pregnancy through? No, not at all. In fact, I'm more sure than ever that what I'm doing is right for both of us. So how are you feeling overall? Like I need a 24-hour nap. Well, that's fatigue. It'll change in the second trimester. Ok. So are you eating? Hmm, plenty. I'll be as big as a house by Thanksgiving. Well, that's a good thing with pregnancy. Look, I want you to come by the clinic tomorrow don't you come after hours so no one sees you. Oh, and here's some refills on the vitamins, ok, so you don't have to go into a store and be seen buying them. Thanks. I mean, not just for these, but, you know, for everything that you're doing to help me out. Remember when you asked me how I was going to get over losing Leora? Well, this is it, Bianca. I mean, helping you is helping me. Oh, and look, tomorrow when you come, we'll listen to the baby's heartbeat, all right? Lt-.-Perry Dr. Hayward? Lieutenant Frye requests the pleasure of your company down at Headquarters. The idea of you protecting me is laughable, almost as funny as the thought of my protecting you. I wouldn't lift a finger to help you, Kendall, because you've proved what kind of a person you are. You may be able me. Because I know you. I know you better than anyone, and I know what you're capable of. I know how far you'll go, but you'll go it alone because you mean nothing to me. You mean even less than nothing to me, Mother. That's why I married Michael. In a tacky chapel on the Las Vegas strip. Ooh, there's nothing tacky about this. Michael slipped it on my finger, vowing to love and cherish me. Till death do you part? We had fun while it lasted. A honeymoon in the high-rollers suite. The neighbors next door had to call the cops because we were making too much noise. And yet you came strutting back to Pine Valley alone. Michael was winning big at craps. Besides, I couldn't wait to see the look on your face when I told you that I married your worst nightmare. I slapped you across the face. to Michael's murder. And you didn't even know that he had come back to Pine Valley. He slipped back into town unnoticed, crossed the wrong person, and ended up in cold storage. In the meatpacking plant that you had bought the day his body was discovered. As per my husband's instructions. You obeyed your lord and master. I know what's good for me. The police suspect you. They can't prove a damn thing. As long as you stick to your story, and keep showing the world exactly how much you hate me. Well, you keep on throwing it right back in my face. I can take it. So can I. (Doorbell-rings) Ok, so you may have inherited Fusion and Chandler Enterprises, but it's going to be a cold day in hell when you get your hooks into my company, Enchantment Oh, yeah? Well, we'll see who Oh, Officer, thank God you're here Please, can you remove this this menace from my home? Actually, Ms. Kane, we're here to take you down to the police station. Oh, Mr. McCoy, I would be more than happy to accompany you to the police station so I can press harassment charges against Mrs. Cambias here. Well, I'm afraid that's going to have to wait for right now. Oh, no, Officer, you don't understand. I mean, this woman is a menace. She's a threat. I can't possibly Ms. Kane, Ms. Kane, there's a bigger priority right now, ok? Oh, you mean the world doesn't come to a screeching halt just because La Kane says so? Lieutenant Frye will explain everything when we get down there, I promise. I'll get my purse. Excuse me, you're this place. I beg your pardon? This penthouse is part of the Enchantment building. I own Enchantment, which means this beautiful, deluxe apartment in the sky belongs to me. Officer, do you see what I am up against? I gave life to this brat, and what does she do to repay me? She she marries the maniac who raped my daughter, she steals my company, Enchantment, and now she wants to evict me from my own home? Just hand over the keys to this place now. Give them to me now. Never Never I will not leave my home until you get out of here Get out of here Get off of me Hey Hey Hey Relax Ladies, ladies Relax Ok, you're going to have to duke this out a little bit later. Right now the D.A. wants to see you downtown. Right now. Listen, Ms. have Why would I refuse to cooperate, Officer? I would rather accompany these gentlemen to hell than remain in this room one minute longer with you. David, what does Derek need you for? I'm sure it's nothing. Nothing? Well, he sent the cops to come and get you. Now, look, now that Derek is Acting Chief, he's just showing off. No, something is not right. What aren't you telling me? I'm sure it has something to do with Anna, all right? You know, he probably moved into his office and he wants me to come and get her stuff, that's all. All right, well, then, I'll come with you. No, no, that's crazy. Look what, are you going to waste this gorgeous fall day hanging around some stuffy office? Well, I don't mind. No, for a walk. Watch the leaves change color. I'll see you tomorrow. Come on. Ok. See you tomorrow. Yep. What the hell does Frye want with me now? Get this to Forensics and tell them it's a rush. So, that's all you got? That and everything else I saw in Michael's condo that night. Talk to me. I'm not covering, not for nobody. No? No, I'm just trying to help you turn down the heat on this case. Because you know how badly I want that, so you go out and you find this friend of yours to come in and spin a story about Michael Cambias. It's not a story Patrick really saw a guy down at the docks that looked like Cambias. He saw the guys that took him out, and that's how he ended up on the meat hook. No, damn easy. Well, that's what happened, so believe it. Listen to me. You are in this way too deep, and it ends right here, right now. You hear me? Why? Because I said so, that's why. Look, the night you came to Erica's, the night you taught Bianca how to play chess What, you going to bust me for making a wrong move? Just listen to me, will you, please? I got there before you. I told Bianca about Michael being murdered. Then when you showed up, she told you, but when she told you, it sounded an awful lot like she was warning you. As a matter of fact, it sounded an awful lot like my son and my niece were talking in code. Bianca was shook up, all right? I showed up for her because I'm her family. She was almost my sister. Just like . Almost. Just like you're my dad. My dad. You're my family, and there's no way I'm going to let anybody take that away from me. I'm going to do whatever it takes to make sure you're safe, every last single one of you, but I got to go. Come here, come here, come here, come here, come here. Reggie, please. Please, stay out of this, please. I don't want you to get hurt. What you just told me and the evidence that you handed over, that places Hayward at the condo. What? It does a hell of a lot more than that. Did you read the lab report? Traces of an unknown chemical were found on that glass. Lavery. I should've known you were behind this. Lieutenant? Ms. Kane. Erica. What the hell is she doing here? Yeah, that's what the hell are you trying to pull? I didn't say anything to connect Erica to Cambias. No, Ryan, of course you didn't, because there's nothing to connect me to Cambias. But, Ryan, I have to say I hope that your takeover of Enchantment I hope it's in its final stages because I can not abide the thought of Kendall sitting behind my desk or living in my penthouse. All right, I'll try to pick up the pace. But first, I need to know you're all right. Of course I am. Why wouldn't I be? Well, do you need me to call anyone or There's no one to call. Ok, well, if you change your mind, you have my number. Thank you. Ok. Ok. You know, I can go speed dial Patrick and have him down here in, like, two minutes. home. You sure? Yeah, yeah. Hi, Reggie. Hi. What's going on? I'm hanging in there. I got your back, don't worry. Oh, Reggie. It's so good to see you. You, too. Thanks. Now would be a good time for one of you two to explain what the hell's going on here. Why is she here? Mr. McCoy told me that you sent for me, you wanted me down here. Mr. McCoy said that, did he? All right, everybody, you see that office in there? I want you all in it now. Except for maybe the two of you. Where do you get off pulling a stunt like this without consulting me first? Like you gave us a choice. Look, I don't want this case thrown out of court because you forget to give suspects their arrested anyone, have you, Derek? Not yet. Well, then, there's no reason to Mirandize. Because you don't have a damn thing on me or Erica. Hey, Ms. Kane said she didn't need a lawyer. Which means I can proceed with questioning. Bianca-'s-voice Do you remember what she said to us that day? She called us a legacy. A family of strong women, and that's what we are. Because we can overcome anything. Bianca. I was I was just thinking of when we were getting ready for Erica's wedding. You called us " a family of strong women. " Who knew how strong we'd have to be? Well, I'll get out of your way now and let you Oh, no, Kendall, uh wait. I need to tell you something. Jamie's still not answering his cell phone. So what did J.R. say, he said he was going to some beach party. By himself? Apparently. You know what? I'm I'm going to go down there, and then I'm going to call the police. No, I'm going to call the police No, you're not. Look, in all probability, Jamie just you know, he went down to the Good morning. Hi. Again. Brooke. Hi. I'm sorry, did I walk in on something? Jamie just didn't come home last night. Oh, maybe he got lucky like his daddy. Here. I think this belongs to you. Oh, caffeine, thank you. Just what I need. I have got the PR date with our face of Fusion America's second sexiest man, next to Tad. Ciao, baby. Ciao. " Ciao, baby "? Don't start. more concerned about Jamie or his father. I was right. You are a morning person. That was amazing. No, you're amazing. Hey Where are you going? Shower time. I got things I got to do. Like what? (Shower-runs) What? You never even told me what you're doing in Pine Valley. Do you have family here? Or, I mean, are you going to school? At least tell me what you're doing later. Can we hook up? I've got this thing I got to go to. Yeah, so do I got a thing later, too. Um maybe after that? Hey, let me get your number. Why call when you can reach out and touch me right now? Well, what about your shower? We could buddy up. Simone Torres, hmm? Ol. Thought you'd been there, demand. Ok. Listen, you know, what you do and who you do it with is none of my business. Or how many times? How liberal of you. Let me tell you something. In case you missed his last growth spurt, our son's getting up there, too. Well, hey, I hope there's a big difference between James and you. Yes, there is. He may not be an adult yet ; but, you know, he hardly needs his mom chasing after him trying to tie his shoes or spit wash the dirt off his chin. Excuse me, ok, just give me a break. I am not one of those mothers who smother their sons. No, you just insist on knowing where he is 24/7. Brooke, you realize there's a better than even chance that the reason our son didn't come home last night is because because Simone hit the nail on the head. (Brooke-gasps) just cringing because you remember what we were doing when we were his age. Well, at least I lived to cringe. You know, I would just be fine as long as I knew that our son was alive and unhurt and Hey, Mom. Honey Hey, Dad. Great day, huh? Looks alive to me. Please come in. I need to thank you. For what? That day at the clinic when I went in to get the procedure. I've never felt so lost and alone in my entire life. And you came up to me, and you knew exactly what to say. And you helped me make the hardest decision that I've ever had to make. And you did it without judging me or making it about you or hating me, and you made me feel like whatever I decided, it was the right decision and that everything was going to be ok. Bianca, how my sister. Well, you proved it that day, and I will never forget it. So you're not mad at me? You don't blame me for Michael? What he did to you? When is this going to end? When are we going to stop doing this to ourselves? You know, when I think back to the night that he raped me, I the logical part of me knows that I'm not to blame for what he did. I didn't ask for it. And that's what I work on in therapy, and when I'm with my counselor, I believe it. It wasn't some kind of punishment for something that I did. It wasn't my fault. Hey, well, you have to hold on to that. Then I go into the parking lot and I get in my car and I turn on the ignition, and I just sit there with the motor running, and all the have done to stop him? What did I do to deserve what he did? No, Bianca, no, you can not think like that. No, Michael was sick. He was sick. What he did to you had nothing to do with you. You can't blame yourself for something you had no control over. I won't let you. Ok, then. How come you get to blame yourself? So, Erica, where were you the night of the hearing? The night Michael Cambias disappeared? Uh uh, look, I would have to consult my datebook. Oh, my. It appears to be blank. Erica Kane, an empty dance card. All right, look I find that hard to believe. Ms. Kane, is it possible that you were with Dr. Hayward that night? Huh? Well, was I? I it was such a horrible night, such an Michael Cambias would be made to pay for what he did to my daughter, and he wasn't. And I know that I I stumbled out of the courtroom and I the rest is just a blur. There was no justice. So you decided to take the law into your own hands. Oh, come on. We were all outraged. So if you're trying to corner Erica into a confession, you're wasting your time. She didn't do anything. So why don't you just end this farce and let us all go home. Erica, did you know that David owns a gun? A gun? Well, I'm sure it was one of Anna's. He said you'd have to know about it. Because it had two sets of prints on it, a .38. And, according to ballistics, it was the same gun that was used to kill Michael Cambias. And who do the prints belong to? Jamie? Are you just going to walk out the door and not say anything? Oh, the - " Tempo. " I forgot, I have a Chem lab, so maybe next week? I am talking about last night. Oh, it was amazing Some party, huh? Oh, it totally rocked. " Totally rocked "? Simone's right. He didn't just get lucky. Somebody rung that boy's chimes. What did I do last night? I stayed in bed and missed you. Baby, I've been so lonely without you. I'm going nuts. Tonight? Bring it on, lover. Your babe will be ready for anything. Kendall, I want you to stop beating yourself up over what Michael did. You couldn't control him. So you need to just let it go. I don't know what to say. I know. Kendall, look sisters. I will work on not blaming myself for what he did if you promise me that you will do the same. And then, if either one of us slips up, the other one gets to kick her butt. How does that sound? Sounds like we've got a pact. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, wait a minute here. You're saying that Erica's prints were on David's gun? That's not possible. They are, but it's not what you think. Oh? Well, suppose you clear up the confusion. After Cambias attacked Erica, she came to me. She was worried for her life, and she was determined to protect herself. So I took her out for target practice. I taught her how to use my gun. And you haven't cleaned it since? I didn't think I had to. The report from Forensics. Look, Derek, that you can connect David's gun or certainly not Erica to Michael's murder. Looking for the missing link, Jack? Well, this could be it. I have enough here to charge one of you with murder. 
Erica, what are you doing here? It's always nice to see you, Ryan, but I could really ask you the same thing. Is is everything all right? Yes. Things couldn't be better, really. If you'll excuse me Erica, don't walk away You have to talk to me. (Film-plays) Giving birth is a miraculous, overwhelming, awe-inspiring, exhausting, joyous event. (Pregnant-woman-screams) Remember, you hold the future in your hands. Any questions? How long does labor last? The typical first-time labor lasts 12 to 14 hours. Is it too late to get out of this? No, it's ok. They say you forget the pain. Episiotomy? Mama never told me about that. And ruin her chances for grandkids? There's got to be a better way. Here we are. The kids worked on this sign all day yesterday. And they barely slept last night, You would have thought that Santa Claus himself was showing up or something. I will go and give the troops a call. Sam? Maddie? Will you hold off a minute? Just Ok. Why? I just want to get settled in first. Ok. It's good to be home. It's good to have you home. Let's get you set up, ok, sweetie? Honey, don't don't worry about the stairs. The crew couldn't get here. They were held up, so they're coming in the morning to do all the renovations in here. Cancel them. But you you got to have wheelchair access. I said call them off, Maria. I thought I heard you two. Welcome home Hey, you're you actually have perfect timing because you could help me escort the man of honor into the living room. I knew my circuit training sorry. All right. You don't have to Just leave the driving to us. We got it, we got it. You ready? Yeah. Ok, hold on. Got it, got it. There we go. Watch the toes. Watch the toes. Ok, ready? Like the couch? I had it recovered. Ready? Ooh. One and two whoa. Ok. You ok? What is this? What, did we crash somebody's little private party? Only yours. Happy 10th Anniversary. From your first wedding. Oh, my God. Honey, that is so sweet of you. Oh Thank you. You shouldn't have gone to so much trouble. Oh, it was no trouble. Thanks to me, you guys have the whole house to yourself. Oh. Where are the kids? Oh,, they are terrorizing the arcade, to be followed by a pizza dinner and a round of miniature golf. And if they're still amped after all of that, there is a mega playground and an indoor pool. Ok, I'm ok. I'm a little confused, but but thank you. Thank you very much. Well, you'll have to thank Aidan. It was his idea. Aidan? Really? Yeah. Yeah, when I told him it was your anniversary, he insisted on helping out, so he took Sam, Maddie, and Mama to that new Holiday Hotel so the kids can do their thing and Mama can catch up on some sleep and maybe get a massage. That's so great. So like, you guys thought of everything. They thought of everything. Almost. The only thing wrong with this picture is I'm still here. Kind of puts a crimp on the romance, you know? had Stella fix the downstairs bedroom. Thank you so much. Thank you for everything. Happy Anniversary. Thanks. Wow Happy Anniversary. Happy Anniversary. Now, what you've seen might be rather daunting. " Daunting "? Yeah. Try " mind-blowing, off-the-Richter, kill-me-now terrifying. " Well, I've got all the information you need here, even a video. I promise it's not as scary as what you just saw. All right? Class is over. Come on. Did you guys hear that lady scream? And the baby, it was it was so gooey. Well, millions of women go through it. It can't be that bad. Well, we might not do it again. It looks like we got ourselves into a whole world of hurt. I'm definitely going for the epidural. You guys, be positive, ok? You'll both learn How are you supposed to meditate when you're passing a 70-pound watermelon? You can do this. I know you can. Besides, I'll be with you from start to finish. Oh, I saw your face during that video, Kendall. You're going to be out cold before I make my first push. I don't know. Ow What was that for? I was just practicing, baby. Every time I have a contraction, I'm going to squeeze your hand and then that way you can you can feel my pain. Well, you squeeze away, honey. I guess I can handle a few broken fingers. You're the one doing the screaming and the pushing. And the cussing. You know, you know, I feel like Miranda? s real comfortable and relaxed swimming around in my belly. Maybe I'll just let her stay for, like forever. I hear you on womb with a view. Nah. I mean, it may get a little cramped and all, but at least I'm not going to be split into two. Well, I am so glad to know that I'm not the only one scared out of her mind. Oh, I hear you on that, girlfriend. And that is why I have got something that's so much better than breathing that's going to get us through this. It is a foolproof tip from my mama. And, since you are my best friend Oh. I'm going to share it with you. Well, don't hold out on me, girl spill Erica, please wait. I just want to know if Bianca's all right. Well, then you'll have to ask someone who knows. Your father, her uncle he's a lot closer to the situation. I'm, I'm I'm sorry about what happened in court. I wasn't thinking. I never intended to hurt Kendall or Bianca or you. I'm not talking about this. Erica Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why don't you step off? I don't know what's going on down here, but I don't think the woman wants to be bothered. This is just going to take a minute, thanks. Please? Where do you think you're going? Ryan wants to talk to Erica, not you whoever you are. So, Ryan, ok, what is it? What's so important that you dragged me in here anyway? Ryan? Do you have any idea how incredibly adorable you look in that baseball hat? What is it, like, a fashion statement? In an incognito sort of way. Oh, so that's it. Hanging with a strange guy miles from Pine Valley away. You're hiding, aren't you? Aren't you? Everywhere I look, they're building condos, Jack. Yeah, maybe I should think about becoming a contractor after I'm out of work. I know. Hey. Oh, well Oh, my gosh. Tom What are you I didn't know you were back in town. Hello, beautiful. Ooh Hey, what am I, chopped liver? I think you're beautiful, too. Oh, good. Come here, you. Hello. Good to see you. So, what is this, old home week, or No, just checking in on Livia and old friends. Ooh. Yeah, so listen, why don't you pull up a nice, fresh oh, there's a big one, too French fries and sit down? That's it is, I'm just here to pick up some takeout, and I thought I'd maybe catch a glimpse of my son. Jamie I haven't seen Jamie here at all, actually. Well, I don't know if he's here. He just left me a note " Gone out, see you. " But I know he's crazy for the salsa, so I'm hoping no, you know what? The only way I see my son is I see his unmade bed and his pile of dirty laundry. Well, they all go through that. It's a humbling experience. Boy, am I glad to hear I'm not alone. That's right. You adopted a young man. Yeah, Reggie. Or, as he prefers to be called, Mr. All That and a bag of chips. How's it going? Well I mean, he's a smart, funny, that. The only problem with him is I never know what the hell he's going to do next. Nice. Whose place is this again? Well, it used to be my sister's, but she kind of left town indefinitely, so I don't see a reason why you can't stay here till you find out what you're going to do. I can get used to this. Yeah. Nobody knows you're here. One of these is related to you? Yeah, that one, the one with the big eyes, with the fat mouth. You playing me? No. It's just so " Diff'rent Strokes. " Oh, yeah. I do kind of remember that show. But anyway, yeah, that's me. One minute I'm on the streets, and the next I'm Jackson Montgomery's new son. You're adopted? Yeah, but by a cool . Yeah, but check it out he only found out that was his daughter, like, a few months ago. Why did she leave town? Well, she screwed over my cousin. Well, almost-sister Bianca. Your cousin, almost-sister? You got yourself some strange kind of family tree. Well, it's kind of like Bianca's dad is my father, J's, brother. Look, just sit down. Bianca's mom was supposed to be married to my dad, but something always gets in the way, like Greenlee. You know, now that I think about it, Greenlee doesn't really like J? s women. Well, at least she comes in handy for something, though. I've got to warn you, though I'm not the neatest person in the world. At least, according to my mom. Is that a problem? No. You could throw a party, trash the place . If Greenlee's gone, she can stay gone. But that's No, she was. She was my family. After what she did, what she brought down, there's no coming back from that. I so totally get that, more than you know. You probably think you hit the jackpot, the mother lode, the Kane vein of gold. Sorry to disappoint you, but it's not going to happen. So pack up whatever scam you're playing and leave Erica alone. Go on. What happens if I don't? I'm actually not hiding from anything, Erica. I just really had enough of Pine Valley, more than enough, so I decided to take off. With Greenlee? Talk about baggage. Yeah, well, I like the challenge. Even so. I mean, Ryan, you can do so much better. Believe me, there's nothing between us but friendship " 99 bottles of beer on the wall "? Are you kidding me? That's the secret? Yeah, Mama swears by it. She said that it was the only thing that kept her sane when she was having me. Ok, so instead of the breathing thing, you sing? Well, not any song that song. It's brilliant, huh? Hmm. Well, well, I know that it may sound crazy, but, I mean, would you rather pant like a dog or have yourself some fun? Hey, I'll try anything. Well, what happens if the song runs out and the baby hasn't shown up yet? I guess you just start over. Mama said that I think I popped out when she was on 45 bottles. You know, I can't even get through that song when I'm pain free. But with Miranda trying to get out, I You just wait. Mama swears that even though she felt like the devil himself was ripping her apart, but the second that the nurse handed me to her, that all the pain just washed away. Did you fall for the stork story, too? It's true, I swear. And she also said right then and there, she realized why women go on to have more kids and go through that hellfire all over again. Because the first time that we hold our babies, it's going to be worth every speck of pain. Can you imagine? In a few weeks, I'm going to be holding my baby. I'm going to be rocking her to sleep and singing to her and telling her stories. I mean, even just thinking about it I would do anything for her. I can do this. I I'm sure I can. I can't wait Neither can I. And we are going to do . As soon as I get my guacamole fix. Well, thank you so much for the tip. I'll use it. But I just hope that Miranda? s first word isn't " beer. " Just remember to practice. 99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer Bye. Take one down, pass it around Oh, my goodness. Wow. This really is a miracle, isn't it? Isn't it sweet? I mean, this little, tiny soul is going to change my life forever. I'm going to be a mom. I know. I'm going to have a baby and a house and a dog and a Wait wait a minute, hold on what house? Oh, it's not mine yet, but I'm meeting Marian tomorrow to sign the final paperwork. Oh, no, no, no, you can't do that. a surprise for you. Come on, kid. Ten years. I can't believe it. Well, it hasn't really been 10 years. I mean, we lost five years of our lives together. I'm here now. Yeah, you are. Ok, well, I propose a toast. I can not propose a toast all alone. (Maria-giggles) Thank you. To no more lost time. To spending every second together for the next 10 years and the next and the next and the next. Amen. Edmund? Honey? What is that? Us. And a trip down memory lane. Is that our wedding? What do you say? I do? That was a good answer. Ok. (Maria-laughs) All right. Men always like the remote. I got it, I got it. Ok. Ok. To be my wedded husband, to have and for worse, for richer, for for poorer, to love and to cherish, in sickness and in health, till death do us part. (Organ-plays) I'm not going to let you play my father's fiance. Where do you get off? You don't even know me, and you've pegged me as a gold-digging gigolo. Oh. Well, at least you're smart. Cuter than most, but I know your type. Oh, oh. I'm not a " type. " Hmm. Don't flatter yourself. There's nothing original about you. What? Well, what's the matter? You use up all your big words? Huh. Look, I've always appreciated women, starting with Miss Marlis back in nursery school. There's never been a woman I haven't liked until now. You know, Erica, it doesn't really matter what I feel for Kendall, because what we had . You know, no matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, she just would not take that last step with me, with me or with anyone. Yeah, she refuses to trust because it would mean that she'd have to open up. And she can't do that. She can if she wants to. There is one person who she trusts with her entire being, for whom she would just put everything on the line. Bianca. Yeah, with Bianca's situation I mean, they've shared so much they've actually become inseparable. They don't even need anybody but each other. Is that why you're here? Because you feel like your daughters shut you out? I'm here because for one night I just wanted to forget everything. So, what do you think? Have you ever seen a more perfect place to raise a perfect baby, or what? It 's the best you can do? Oh, you're still hung up about that whole horror movie about childbirth? No, no. I'm I'm over it almost. Thank you for showing me the space, Kendall. I don't know. No, no. Come on, Bianca, imagine the possibilities. Have you ever seen a more romantic fireplace? Right, that's just what my baby and I need a romantic fireplace. No, I mean, it's it's so cozy, you know? You and my niece you can you can cuddle up in a rocking chair by the fireplace. And at night, when the windows are open, you can smell the rain coming. It's like perfume. Oh, and in the morning the morning, the light is so beautiful. It's like you're in your own world. If it's so perfect, then why don't you live where I am. Really? Living ten yards from Michael's condo? Well, he's not there anymore. Kendall, come on. Every time you open your door or walk through your courtyard, you're going to be reminded of the man who terrorized you and me and half of Pine Valley. Why would you do that to yourself? Unless it beats being reminded of the man you still love. I admit I almost fell for Ryan's butler pantry. And did you see his new washer and dryer? They're amazing, great. Stop it. Don't do this. Don't be like Mom, ok? Don't try to change the subject or make small talk because you don't want to deal. All right. All right, fine. I'll say it. I still love Ryan. You happy now? Are you? Yeah, I'm I'm going to be an aunt. And I Who are you trying to convince, Kendall, me or you? Just be honest with me and yourself. You just said you still love Ryan, so do something about it. Go after him. Get him back before it's too late. What happened to that sister of mine who fights for what she wants? Kendall? I asked Ryan to tell me that he didn't team up with Greenlee to tank me, to just say the words that he had nothing to do with what she did to me, and he wouldn't. He said I already knew the answer, and I shouldn't even have to ask. That you should trust him. Yeah, well, maybe it's supposed to be that simple, but it's not. Not for me. I needed to hear those words from Ryan's lips. I needed to hear it. But all he did was challenge me and dare me to trust him like it was a test or No, I couldn't. Even though I told you that you could totally trust Ryan, that he hadn't betrayed you. Yeah, well, it doesn't really matter now, does it? He's eating bugs, sitting on the back of his hog, headed God knows where. Stop it. Kendall, don't act like it doesn't matter to you. That's what Mom has done for years, and look at how she's suffered because of it. Kendall, you got to let the pain go. I know it's not easy, but I did it, and so can you. Instead of holding on to all the hurt and the fear and the anger, I worked through it, and now I'm planning a new and beautiful life for me and my baby. That's what you deserve. So do you. And you can have it with me and Miranda and Ryan, if that's what you want you want if you hold on to all the bad stuff like Mom did. You have to work through it and move on. Don't misunderstand me, Ryan. I love my daughters. It's just that after everything that's happened I just wanted I just wanted to be anyone else, you know, someone else, anyone but Erica Kane, just for one night. And I was. And how did that work for you? I made some friends, cleaned up at a poker game. But, I mean, now it's over now. Now it's time to go home. No regrets? None. Except that you won't be going home, too, Ryan. I'll miss you. Well, you don't have to. Do you have your cell phone in there? Yes. May I just Please. If you need me, Erica, for absolutely anything, you just call I'm going to hold you to it. Ok. Thank you. You don't like me because I'm the first woman who's not falling all over you. I'm surprised Erica's even dealing with you. You should be leashed. That's right. Trot out the insults. That's real smooth. Get out of here before I get really angry. Oh, I see you're getting to know Greenlee duPres. Yes. I wish it were more of a pleasure. Shall we? Erica? Erica, where are you going? Ryan, do something. Erica Greenlee, you feel like a little bit of room service? What? What? What am I supposed to tell my dad? Erica? Erica Brother, sounds like Jamal had a bit of a rebellious streak, huh? Oh, Jack, when he was about Reggie's age, I never thought he'd see experimented with just about everything. But he's doing great now, right? I am proud to say that my son has graduated with honors from Stanford. Son of a gun. Don't give up. They actually do grow into civilized, rational people. Yeah, well, from your lips to God's ears. Yeah. Listen, I've got to meet Livia. It was great to see you. Oh. So good to see you. Don't be a stranger, ok? All right. All right. Jack, good luck with the hearing tomorrow. Thanks. I'll keep you posted. You give Livia my best, all right? I'll do that. Good. Take care. Well, sounds like there's hope for Jamie and Reggie. Listen, I think Jamie is a good kid so far. Would you cut it out? What? eating her way through the jungle. Your cravings are adorable. Who knows, maybe Little Bess will pop out, she'll be craving guac and chips. Bess? Where'd that come from? I've been doing some thinking. If we have a little girl, you know, I'd like to name her Elizabeth Bess for short. I mean, if that's ok with you. It's real pretty. Who's Elizabeth? My grandmother on my mom's side. And my sister who died a few years ago. Elizabeth Chandler. Sounds like an angel to me. And here I thought you were set on having a boy. Well, Adam was set on having a boy, but after seeing Bianca and how excited she was about having a girl, I thought it might be fun I mean, as long as she looks just like her mom. I can't imagine what Jamie's life would have been baby. Well, Brooke, I have a good idea he would have handled it with the strength and grace he got from his mother. Oh I'm so hungry, I can't even respond to flattery. Or could it be that you're worried about somebody else? All right, all right. I talked to Edmund. He told me that you were doing some research on some possible surgical procedures that might put him back on the dance floor. Edmund has always been so strong, you know, and to see him anyway, I just wish there was more I could do than, you know, surfing the web and compiling reports. I know. It's an awful, helpless feeling just to stand by while the people you love are in such pain. (Edmund-turns-tape-off) I'm tired. I'm going to go to bed. Ok. That's a good idea. It's been a long day. You don't care what happens to Erica? She's your friend. How can you walk away from what just went down? How can you leave her with that money-sniffing lounge lizard? I mean, where's your sense of friendship? Hey, hey, hey, Greenlee you just can't help yourself, can you? You can make all the promises you want, but you just you have to control people, don't you? What they say, what they do, what they think. You don't get it. What's to get? Why are you acting like I did something wrong? I'm just trying to help. Well, Erica doesn't need your help. She doesn't need my help. It's her fault, isn't it? What, this? It's nobody's fault but She said something to you. Erica said something when you brought her in here. What did you Greenlee, because your name wasn't on top of the list, all right? Of course. Of course. I get it. This isn't about me or Erica. It's about Kendall, isn't it? That's what's got you all cranked up. Erica said something when she was in here about Kendall. Greenlee, let it go, all right? It sent you over the edge, didn't it? What'd she say? Kendall wants you back? Or worse, that Kendall's over you and she's moving on without you? Good night, Greenlee. Ryan-'s-voice You are the single biggest obstacle in our future because you are convinced that I set you up so I could put you away. Yeah, but you still won't tell me that you didn't. You see, I see a happy ending. You see conspiracies. I see a home with a backyard and kids running around, and what do B who's getting a post card from me and Greenlee on our honeymoon. Kendall, I proposed to you. I want to marry you. I want the rest of your life, whatever that turns out to be. Well, it's pretty easy to propose to a woman facing 25 years to life. If you believe that, then you can have it your way. And you win, because we never had a chance. What would you do if Ryan showed up here right now? He won't. Right well, what if he did? No, he's with Greenlee, the woman he swore he wasn't in cahoots with. All right, you know what? That doesn't mean that there was anything going on between the two of them. Yeah, well, even if he wasn't with Greenlee then, he's with her now, and that's all I need to know. I don't want, if she ever shows her face back in Pine Valley, I'll make sure she spends her days asking, " Do you want fries with that? " Getting rid of Greenlee won't help you forget Ryan. Maybe not. But at least I won't have to look at her and remember how I lost Ryan. Yeah, I used to have it pretty good until my parents split up. Now my dad's basically a no-show, and every time my mom stresses, she jumps on my case. Well, maybe she's just got a lot to think about, you know. What, so she takes it out on me? Like I need to be locked in my room because Mama had a bad day. Damn, it's like that? She'd lock me up forever if she could, and that's just for starters. Well, if it's that bad, maybe you need to talk with somebody. Oh, no. I meant somebody like at school or something like that. That's just what I need more adults telling me what to do. I know exactly what's good for me being on my own. I can do I want, go where I want, whenever I want. I doubt I'll even be sticking around here too long. No, you can't leave already. Why do you care? No, it's just that that you owe me a rematch. And, you know, I can't let you get away with beating me on my own turf. I got a reputation to think about. Besides, you know, I think you're you know, stop looking at me like that. You know. You're ok, too. So then you're staying? There's no way you can go back if your mom's going to mess with you. Thanks. Well, you know, the best part is if you need anything, I'm right downstairs. Ok. Well, how about we get something to eat. I'm starving. Oh, yeah, I'm pretty sure I could find something besides tofu and Brussels sprouts. It feels like home already. Brooke, I know Edmund needs his friends around him right now. I know you want to help him. And I know you would do the same if you were me. Yeah, but there's a little bit of a difference between us. I was never in love with the guy. Brooke, I just don't want to see you get hurt, you know? Oh, Jack, come on. You're very sweet to be concerned, but I'm ok. Really, I am. I know what I'm doing. Maria and Edmund were meant to be together and nothing is going to change that, but they're if there's anything that I can do to try and help them, I will. Because you would do anything for Edmund. Hey, you know, you don't stop loving somebody just because things don't work out. You should sleep upstairs. You'll be more comfortable. But I want to sleep with you. It's our Please, Maria? I played the fool today and I just dream of vanishing into the crowd. Longing for home again but home is a feeling I buried in you. I'm all right, I'm all right. It only hurts when I breathe and I can't ask for things to be still again. No, I can't ask if I could walk through the world in your eyes longing for home again but home is a feeling I buried in you. I'm all right I'm all right. It only hurt I'm counting the signs and cursing the miles in between home. buried in you I'm all right, I'm all right. It only hurts when I breathe. 
Who knew that the end of the road would be some fancy Philly hotel? Did you happen to leave me a note? Oh, no. They just won't do. I mean, those flowers will completely overwhelm the camera shot. This is a $300 work of art. Oh, I'm sure, and it's lovely, it really is. It's just that, well, when we go live to announce my new company, we have to be sure that the camera focus is on me, not on the beautiful, lovely flower arrangement. Of course. Anything you want, Ms. Kane. Thank you. Jack. Your Honor. So, we got a tough room in there? Tough enough. You get any kind of a read on them? I mean, thumbs up, thumbs down? Right, right. Wouldn't want to spoil the surprise, would we? What do I know? I just wear the robe. Well to plead your case. No, actually, Hannah, I've figured I've sucked enough people into this mess. It's just going to be little old me in there today. Wait, not even your niece? No. Jack, Bianca could make a hell of a case. What you did you did for her. No, I am here because of me, and I'll either hang or not on my own. Yeah oh There's a lid on it or something. Hey, guys. Bianca. Stuart, J.R. Who's your point guard? This is Chuckie. He's part of my peewee basketball team. Oh, cool. So where's your other teammates? Yeah, they headed for home. Chuckie likes to get in some extra practice. Mm-hmm. Chuckie, why don't we let the guest coach shoot a few and you, and I can take Ok. The loser has to buy the ice cream. So are you practicing for when you got to coach your own kid? Yeah, well, if I answer you, you might regret it. Wow. Where did that come from? You're an expert on my psyche. Why don't you tell me. Hey, my handsome slacker. It's time to get up and get a move on. Don't touch me. I may not be the cute little nurse's aide you're used to, but I do know how to do this. I've done it a thousand times. What do you say we spend some time with the kids tonight? Spend a little family time together? I said don't touch me Ok. I I just have to change your bag and To hell with the bag. Just look, you're not a nurse's aide, ok? And I some look at me. I see you. I don't think you do. Look at me. Take a really good look, ok? Here I am in bed with these tubes and these wires. Here I am, your husband, and there you are, my wife. Or are we past all that? I mean, is that part behind us? Because if it isn't, then I want you to take that basket and get the hell out of here Brr. You want to tell me what that cold shoulder is all about? A little conversation with my wife ring a bell? Help me out here. You told Babe to cut me some slack because I was raised by a megalomaniac? Right, I I'm sorry. I think that I avoided the M word, and my conversation with Babe was more about the joy of the brand-name parent. Either way, Bianca. It wasn't, ok? Look, Babe came to me for some help, and I thought that I was qualified to be of assistance. Just because you're my friend doesn't give you the right to crawl inside my head. J.R ., look at me. I couldn't crawl if you begged me to. I was probably talking more about myself, anyway. I mean, come on, if anybody can relate to a powerhouse steamroller parent, don't you think it's me, La Kane's not glamorous, not straight daughter? I don't want Babe thinking Adam runs my life. She doesn't. Look, J.R ., everything that I said to Babe was about love and sympathy, ok? Maybe it's not a big deal to you, but I kind of like the idea that there's somebody out there who understands. It makes things a lot more dealable. Yeah Oh Now, that right there is some serious is always getting hassled because she works late, has two jobs, and doesn't show up sometimes. Well, you know, Stuart just seems to make it all that go away. Do you ever wonder what life would have been like if you were Stuart Chandler Jr. instead? Well, first of all, Stuart wouldn't have to name his kid after him. He wouldn't do that. Always there the second you needed him, always the right words or no words at all when there's nothing to say. Hmm. When I was a kid, just at the moment Adam was convincing me that I was the crowning disappointment of his life, Stuart was there to make me feel good. Every kid should be so lucky. Hmm. You're worried? Well, I can vow that I'm not going to pull the same stuff that my mom did. How can you avoid that if that's all you know? let my daughter run barefoot in the rain. " I know that there's more important things in life, but then again, maybe there aren't. I'm not even there yet. Just up until yesterday it was all about appointments and tests and the doctors, trips, you know, decorating gifts, and now it's I'm scared as hell to be a father. Oh, this wasn't a victimless crime, Mr. Montgomery. You embarrassed the office of the District Attorney. You opened the door for possible appeals on unrelated cases simply because you're on record as a loose-cannon vigilante. Now, that said, you have the right to explain your actions. You're entitled to representation by counsel. For your sake, we suggest that you avail yourself of that opportunity. I don't believe that will be necessary. Careful, Mr. Montgomery. You could very well walk out of here never to practice law again. Please But the fact of the matter is I have no excuse for what I did, and, therefore, counsel is not required. I'm guilty. As a matter of fact, I'd go so far as to say if I were sitting where you are instead of standing where I am I would pull my license without so much as a second thought. I was just going out for a morning ride, you know, clear my head. Did it wake up fuzzy? Like maybe you hit the minibar last night? When I tie one on, Greenlee, I like to do it with bottles bigger than my thumb. So, no drinking, no fuzzy, no problem. Wrong. Big problem last night. I laid into you pretty good, if you recall. You launched on me for good reason. I broke the primo rule. I reverted to type. I got all in your business and uppity about Erica. I tried to buy you off with some breakfast would just make things worse, but I could sucker some businessman into buying flapJacks for the both of us. My treat. I don't think flapJacks are the answer to this one. What's the solution? Well, maybe you, me, and the bike isn't the way to go. That would mean the adventure's over for us? Together, at least. Well, it's not breakfast, but it is a solution. We both had to cut our losses. Your bike, your call. It's up to you. The CEO of Chandler Enterprises is afraid? I think the Dow just plummeted. Well, mergers, buyouts, national acquisitions it's a piece of cake. But seeing my dad's face in my shaving mirror now, that is a week's worth of nightmares. When did I ever become my father? The lip curl? It's all about the eyebrows and my voice, yeah. J.R ., stop it. You're not that much like Adam. Yeah, well, because I work like crazy to keep it under wraps. Hell, I just try to hide it from myself most of the time. Yeah, well, that's the tricky part. It doesn't work so well. Yeah, well, it only happens when I'm tired or I'm worked up and I see Babe's face, and hurt. It's, like, I know my face has been like that a thousand times. " How can you say that to me if you love me? " And I don't know how. At night, I start to think about what kind of baby she's going to be, what kind of person, and I go crazy. My mind freezes. Will she get a hundred piercings? Will she bring a briefcase to preschool and dream attitude comes over me, and I decide that there is no way that my daughter will ever be a Go-go dancer at the Shimmy Shack? Exactly. That's not on my to-do list for Miranda. But then I think back to when I was a little kid and I wanted to take drum lessons, and my mom said to me, " Oh, sweetheart, you don't really want to do that " Ah " I mean, don't be silly. " And she could just gut me just like that and then go back to reading her mail. And I would be standing there, silently screaming, " Yes, I do really want to do that " and at the same time thinking, " Maybe she's right. " Yeah, and you keep questioning your own thoughts and opinions. God save me from ever doing that to my little girl. Yeah, well, you send him my way because my kid . All right, how about this I solemnly swear that I will climb all over you if I ever see you doing the Adam growl in front of your kid. Fine. If I can flash a picture of your mother every time you say " What were you thinking? " to your daughter. You know, if we can follow through on this, I think our kids might have a fighting chance. This is perfect. This is just perfect. Thank you. In fact, everything is perfect right now. Please, just the whole room it exudes glamour. So do you, Ms. Kane, if I may say so. Oh, thank you. Please, please do, and often, because that's the whole reason the camera crew is coming today, because it's all about glamour. Oh, so flowers and my hair and my notes oh, and please be sure that the champagne is chilled properly. A better man would have probably saved us all this time and trouble and waived this hearing. A braver man might have just walked away from the bar and not looked back, but I can't do that because I love the law, I believe in the law ; and that's why I would ask this panel to not look solely at my indiscretion, but at my history as an attorney and as a DA. So I beseech this panel to look at the good that I have done and can do again if allowed to serve the law that for one terrible moment I so betrayed. Morning, all. Hey. Lovely day up here at your castle on the hill. We dropped the kids off at school. Maria, Maddie's teacher gave me a permission slip. I think you should look at it. Now? Yeah. Ok. I'll be back a little bit later. Well, a lot of books, no You don't like it, there's the door. Ooh. Wake up a bit cranky, did we, this morning? Or is it just because I'm in the room? Because I thought we got past all of this when we fought the Calatravases side by side up at the lodge. You know, they make buddy movies about men like us. I mean, granted, those men aren't actually buddies, but, hey, you know, we made the news, Edmund, and you are quite photogenic, by the way. Is this my penance, having to sit here and listen to you? Did I do something wrong in a past life that I'm not aware of? And I'll tell you what the answer is. You have forgotten that whether you have legs or whether you don't have legs that Maria loves you with all her heart and soul, and if you make her suffer for that, then you're a bloody moron It was a hoot and a half while it lasted, a good hoot more than I expected. So you're fine with this? Me, you, and the separate ways? Yeah. You know what? I'll head to the nearest airport, and I'll wait in a little nice private waiting room and make nice with rich folk until someone gives me a lift. I can griff with the best of them. But thanks for caring. Good morning, gentlemen. What a lovely touch. Beautiful facilities, beautiful personal, personal service. This will be on the top of a glowing review for my " Tony the Traveler " column. Oh, I think this gentleman might have something to say about that. Oh, and who might he be? This is the real Tony the Traveler, and this is my real cell phone on which I am going to dial the real police and have you and your sidekick really arrested for Let's let's just sort this out. That is not Tony the Traveler. He may well be named Tony, but I am the only Tony the Traveler. Slick over here is just trying to score himself a free meal, and while I understand, I am deeply offended. I knew you couldn't pull it off. Hi. He's a disaster, isn't he? Smarmy when he should be charming, defensive when he should be groveling at your feet. And pinning it all on him isn't going to let you off the hook, lady. Give him all the credit? Hardly. You two hurt my feelings. Nothing? No flicker of recognition? No " aha " moment? Wait, wait, wait, wait. You're that lipstick girl. Greenlee duPres, the brains behind Fusion, and, you, my two handsome geniuses, just blew our cover and tanked a very expensive project. Between you and this how'd you go from lipstick cosmetics to impersonating me? You want to know? Yeah. Fine. I'll tell you. Where was I? The meatball. You. The meatball. This hunk of burning love is the lucky recipient of a major Fusion makeover. Look at him new chin, new hair, new teeth. Pull up your shirt. New six-pack buy four, get two free. This was his final test. That little con that he tried running downstairs? That was us trying to see if he could shine his way into your gorgeous hotel. I don't buy it. This man is a professional. This man is a meatball. May I be so bold, that business downstairs? All me. He just followed my lead. I fed him his lines. But we knew we'd never pull it off in the end. Hence, you two at our door. Hang your head in shame, meatball pretty good. Breakfast of champions. That's what I'm talking about. Mm-hmm. You know, if you're going to be shacked up here with no telly, you damn better well, have some beer, boy. You know, Anita thought this was a tasteless homecoming gift. Anita has no taste. Well, it's a bit early in Pine Valley, but it's about drinking time in England. God save the Queen. What is all this over here? All this medical stuff? Oh, you don't want to know. If it is what I think it is, well, I know I'm on to something. Aha. I fell for this before. I stick one here, and I'm supposed to stick another one back here. This will do the trick. Here we go. Drink up. Cheers. You go first. You're very strange. Mmm. It'll ability to make and use tools that separates him from all the rest of the beasts, including the apes, who managed to get those, you know, ants out of the holes with the sticks. They'd appreciate this. Uh-huh. Well, now that we're settled, I think there's something that we should discuss. It's not good to talk about it in polite company, but which I understand but if I'm going to do my part, Edmund, really, I should know. Your bloody elections tell me, please. Fill me in. How do they work? It's like they defy the laws of cause and effect. Yeah, they do, but, you know, a hell of a lot better than you Brits who, by the way, didn't we kick you about a couple of centuries ago? Oh, come on. Don't, don't. Twice. Don't even start want to know the secret of American politics? Very simple. Everybody knows the truth, and everyone agrees not to talk about it. Right. I can understand that. And then he always keeps pushing me away, but what the hell is that going to do, because I've got to get in there, I've got to keep him clean, I've got to keep him all healthy, and there are things that I need to do. Well, things they need to be done, but maybe not by the woman that he loves more than anything in the world. What? What is that supposed to mean? It means stop trying to be all things to Edmund. I'm not trying to be all things to Edmund. This is love, Anita. What I'm saying to him is that " I know where we are and I know where we're going to be for the rest of our lives now, but " And you say that with an adult diaper in your hand? Shut up, Anita. Just please, shut up Maria, why is it ok for you to do it, but not ok for me to say it? You're a doctor. I'm a PA. This is reality. You know why? Because it's my reality. This is my home, and that is my husband, and he would not want you to talk about him like that. So for God's sake, please leave the man a little bit of dignity. For God's sake, Maria, listen to what you just said. Are you kidding? I am the reason that he even has any dignity, because I go in there me. I go in there so that he because there are things that he wouldn't want anybody else to see, so I go in there and I see them and I know the things that do that. Ok? I do that so that he can see how much I love him and how none of that is going to change how I feel about him. I know that, Maria, but if you just stopped for two seconds, you'd realize that it might change the way he feels about you. Take a seat, Mr. Montgomery. It shouldn't be too long. Thanks, sir. I'll do that. I'd like to make a statement, if I may. Ms. Kane, while I understand your position, we are ready to make our decision. Just a moment, that's all I ask. Isn't a career worth a moment? Erica, where have you been? I'm here now. And I appreciate that, but you do not have to do this. Feel free to have a seat, Ms. Kane. Thank you, but this seems more . Ladies and gentlemen, from the moment that Michael Cambias assaulted my daughter, Mr. Montgomery's niece, Bianca, until the time she revealed that she shot her attacker in self-defense, our family has been wrapped up in ugliness and chaos. Mr. Montgomery made some reckless decisions to keep his family safe. Knowing him as I do, I doubt that he even tried to justify his actions. What he did was an anathema for a man of principle. It wasn't for monetary gain or personal reward. He acted when it seemed the courts couldn't. He tried to protect his niece Bianca from the man who wounded her. To see the law he loves betray the child he loves must have been a torture he couldn't bear. He had to choose between the law and the child he loves as his own. And we all know the choice he made. I know there is nothing I can say that will make what Jack did legal, but certainly, it was of the word. And I'll tell you, I was terrified when I became Scott's dad. Cindy was there, of course, but she'd been his mother all his life, so she was an old pro, but well, I was worried. Worried. I didn't sleep well for a month or two or three. But, Uncle Stuart, you were born to be a father. Oh, no Do I seem that way now? I don't know, but no, no, you should have seen me back then. Nobody starts off knowing all the rules or what's the right thing to do. It's scary to help make a person. How do you ever get over that fear? You don't. There's a secret, though, that I wish somebody had told me a long time ago. When you hold your baby in your arms and you look down at their faces for the person. They've already done all the work for you. You don't have to do anything, just protect them and love them. Later on, it can be a little bit tricky, but you have to you have to listen to what they're saying to you. Listen very carefully. And they'll tell you what they need. Also, keep a little tiny bit of fear tucked away to remind you not to get cocky. Well, Adam definitely missed that fear factor. Oh, no, no, no. His head is buzzing with so much fear, that's why he can't hear what you need. Well, Adam would flip if he heard you say that. Well, maybe, but it's true. That's why I try to help Adam, and Jackson tries to help your mom. But why after all this time? After we're grown up and we're healthy and we're normal? Sort of still so afraid of? It's all the hurts they've suffered. They're afraid you might have to suffer them, too. I am no genius at marriage, but I'm practically an expert at what happens when we try to be all things to the person we love. I mean, look, come here. Take a look. Tell me what you see. Me? Just, you know, normal. Normal? Mm-hmm. That is sad. It's tragic almost. I mean, this from the girl that was voted hottest geek in high school, the girl most likely to wear a stethoscope and a pushup bra? Who told you that? Maria, where's the mascara? The eyeliner? The blush? The sexy tousled hair? I mean, you used to be a hottie. Well, I don't know if you've noticed, but, you know, I've been a tiny bit busy charts and dinner trays and catheters? Does that really say " hubba-hubba "? I think you've lost your mind. Totally lost your mind. Maria, come on, you can hire someone to do all the things that Edmund needs done for him, but you can't hire someone to be his wife. You know, the fun, smart, sexy woman he fell in love with? That is your one and only job. It may not be brain surgery. You know, that you can handle. But you've got masses to learn. You come with me. Yeah, we'll be booked, we'll be charged. The campaign is toast. I thought you were going to pretty me up and find me a wife. Well, you're pretty, at least. You know, if this goes public, you'll be the hotel that let a man freeload, sent him to jail, and ruined a national campaign. your column, would you? I owe my public the truth. New plan. Mrs. duPres, it would be our honor if you and Mr. Meatball here would join us for the remainder of your stay as our guests and perhaps then you would consider to do the reveal here on the premises? Does that mean no jail? Maybe even a wife. I'll need to confer with my partners, but it sounds like a win-win for all involved. Thank you. A pleasure. (Greenlee-sighs) I got to say, I am impressed. I'm even a little bit proud. My little grifter's all grown up. I was good. You were brilliant. I mean, you let those guys think that it was their idea to cut us loose. You didn't freak, you didn't choke, you had faith in my con. I mean, that took guts. I learned at the master's knee. Maybe ways, but not in this freebie hotel robe. Ok, hold on, wait, wait, wait. How'd you know that con was going to work, me as the Fusion women's makeover after shot? Please, I was quaking in my terry cloth. You in that getup as a fashion do we're lucky we made it out alive. So I see. So the electoral college, not the people, elect the president? Mm-hmm. Well, I'm sorry, but that's a load of baloney, Edmund. A load of baloney? Mm-hmm. The electoral college is the essence of creative, all right? It is designed to protect the farm states, the little itty bitty farm states, from getting whupped from the big industrial cities. I see, so one-man, one-vote is followed by unless it's being close, all bets are off. Well, then, it's a Florida. of creative sucks, man. Oh, really? Hmm. You want to talk sucks? What? The position that you're in? You're damn right. Well, on the sucks scale, it's a killer, but it could suck a lot worse. Ok. I'm stuck here in bed with tubes coming out of every orifice. You tell me how it could suck worse. Well, you could have tubes coming out of every orifice and you could be out of beer. You got a point. Why can't my mom just see that I'm me? That when we make choices different from theirs that it's not an indictment on the way they live their lives? Right, it's just what we have to do for ourselves and for our kids. Why can't my mom just see that? Why can't J.R .' s dad take his foot off of his throat for Well, there's probably about a thousand million reasons for that, and I I don't have the answer to any of them. If I did, I'd write a book, go on TV. There'd be a lot more happy kids in the world. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah. Just listen. Listen when they talk. And try not to worry. If you spend a lot of time worrying about something that might happen, chances are pretty good it's going to happen. Oh, I hope not. Oh, no, no, not for you guys. I have very good feelings about you and your babies. You got so many people that want to help you, and you've got each other. You are the hope for the future. You're going to be just fine. Thank you. Thanks you so much for being here. Thank you for everything you said. Thank you for knowing what . I didn't tell them anything they don't already know. I just hope it helped. Oh, it helped, believe me. No matter what decision they come back in this room with, it helped. But, sweetheart, we need to get out of this room and have a private talk. So after they come back in and render their verdict Oh, Jack, we're already on borrowed time. I have a TV interview scheduled. I have to run just the minute they come back in here with their decision. Well, then after. Erica, I mean, if I can tell you how I felt when you walked through that door, I please see me later tonight, then. Jack Honey, do you realize how much we stand to lose here? Please, Erica, tonight. We will talk as soon as possible. But, first, I must roll out this new company. It just so big that it's just going to take off, fly away all by itself if I don't reveal it. The disciplinary board will come to order. We're ready to make our recommendation regarding Jackson Montgomery. The panel has reached its decision. Mr. Montgomery, you abused your post, your office, and the bar and your willingness to betray your oath and its principles. You offered no defense and no explanation. Now, that said, the panel will recommend to the State Supreme Court that your license to practice law in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania be suspended for one year. If you violate the terms of your probation, you will be disbarred for life. You got a pass, counselor, but if you shame yourself or the bar again I understand, sir. I thank you very much for your lenience. I thank you all. And while we respect your unadorned mea culpa, Mr. Montgomery, Ms. Kane brought to light issues you her. When did you become a master of the makeup brush? Well, sometime after I borrowed all your makeup, but just before you found out and yelled at me for a week. Oh, my God, I remember that. Well, I wouldn't have yelled at you for a week, only like a day if I'd known how good you were going to be. Come on, let's show Edmund. Oh, my God. You vaguely resemble my husband. Well, I'm a distant cousin from the debonair side of the family. Hey, family's family. And, you. That brute couldn't possibly deserve a woman as lovely as you. Well, you better watch it, because you're talking about the man I love. Well, whoever you both are, the cook has prepared a fabulous lunch for two. Oh, fantastic. I'm famished. See you, girls think there's some fabulous rugby game on right now, or cricket, or whatever you guys play. It's on TV. What? I'm not invited? You aren't. Yeah, I think she's trying to say you're not invited, yeah. Fine. You go ahead. Ok. Poor guy. I didn't want to break it to him, but he's not my type, you know. Yeah, sad. Thank you. I don't know how you did it, but that was wonderful. Well, all I did was crack open a frostie, but, you, you're pretty impressive. Well, I think our work is done. So until we meet again, milady You know, I forgot it was possible just to just have fun. Well, for somebody who's out of practice, you're awfully good at it. Coming from you,, baby. Will do. Greenlee, wait. The satellite's ready for the feed in five, four, three Good morning. I'm here live with Erica Kane, who's about to give us a rare exclusive. Thank you for joining us, Ms. Kane. It's my pleasure. I'm so excited to announce the news of my latest foray into beauty and fashion. And we're not just talking about a new company. We're talking about a whole new way of life. While the public appreciates your brave front, they really want to know how you feel about your daughter giving birth to her rapist's baby. On the next " All My Children " You shouldn't drink that. When did you ever get the idea that you can tell me what I can and can not do? Time for me to make some changes in my life, some serious changes. And I 
I thought I smelled coffee. What time did you get here? I have no idea. It was still dark. How dark? What, did you pull an all-nighter? Well, sleep is not my best friend these days. Mine, neither. No reason to inquire as to what's stealing your beauty sleep. Dad, I've made up my mind. I'm going to jail. Morning, beautiful. Hey, hot stuff. I thought you might be hungry after all those calories we burned last night. I'm starved, but not for bacon or eggs. You know, Bess is waiting for her mama's breakfast kiss. Ok. She is going to be wondering why her mama has such a great big, old smile on her face. I'll just have to tell her that it's because her daddy takes such good care of me. Nobody's ever made me feel safer or more loved. I'll be back in a jiff, Val. It's good to be home. Yes, I'm going to get caught up all day. I have appointments booked through lunch. Well, yes, of course I'm up to it. I mean, I left so much on hold while I was away. But now Erica Kane is back and ready to take on the world. (Doorbell-rings) Oh. My first appointment is here about a half-hour early, Val. Ok, I'm going to have to fly. Morning, butterfly. Morning. Back on that trapeze? Why? Well, because just now, you sort of seemed far away. You ok? Define " ok. " Well, do you want to talk about it? I think I have to. Something happened yesterday, something that I didn't see coming, and I wasn't going to say anything, but it kept me up all night and it made me think about you and . I'm a little What, the green butterfly, you afraid? Now, did you forget the first rule of being an acrobat you never look down? Hey, hey. You look straight at me. Ok? Now, this is me. This is your husband. This is the guy that you ran off to the circus with, the master of surprises. Now, I want you to surprise me and tell me what it is that you want, because maybe, just maybe, I can make it happen. What I want Ryan? Ryan, open the door Is that Maria? Oh. Better answer it. (Knock) Who do you think you are? When did you suddenly become the person who runs my life? Whoa, whoa. Take it easy, Maria. What are you No, I must have some big sign on my back that says " Stab right here " got out of my husband's face. Ok, but we have a little something to settle in private. Uh ok. Ok. Greenlee, you want to give us a few? You sure? Yeah. Ok, so, Maria, all I'm getting here is that you're Got a little phone call this morning from Zach, canceling our meeting that we had about the center. Ok, and and how is that my problem? Because he said that he ran into you at the Valley Inn last night and that you told him to stay away from me. (Ryan-sighs) Now, I told you about our relationship in confidence because you came to me as a friend. I am your friend, Maria. No, well, then who gave you permission to go and make demands of Zach that you have no right to make? This is not the dark ages I don't need you to go . I bought the guy a drink, we kept everything light and friendly. Ok, so you didn't tell him to steer clear of me? I said Uh-huh? That I would be watching if he went to make a move on you. Ok, well, I told you I will not betray Edmund. It's not you that I'm worried about, Maria, it's him. Why? I don't trust him. Why, because I used to have something with him? No, it's the feelings that he still has for you, not to mention his fascination with Erica and all the Kane women. That's a nice little conspiracy theory. You know, if you put that in a nice, dark place and you feed it a little more paranoia, you could watch it grow Is it paranoia that you did have a past with him and that he latches on to Erica in up in Pine Valley and Mr. Low-Profile is, like, best friends with half of this town? It's not paranoia. He's up to something. Like what? I'll let you know. Ok, you know what, you be suspicious all you want, but you don't have to guard-dog him on my account. I can handle Zach. You want to lay odds on that? You look wonderful. Well yes, Zach, flattery will get you an invitation to come in. I don't flatter. It's a fact. Thank you. Juice? Would you like some coffee? No, no, thanks. I I took a chance coming here today because I didn't know for sure that I was going to be welcomed. Why is that? You know why. The last time I saw you in Vegas I hope you understand why I had you admitted into the hospital 's not dwell on that. Bianca told me that you were here in town. Yeah, I'm opening a casino in the area. Yes, so I hear. How exciting. My goodness, the glitz and glam of the seasons, right here in our own backyard. But don't try to hire me again because after my last performance I know you were in recovery. Am in recovery. Will be the rest of my life. Well, I'm glad you're here with your family, back in Pine Valley where you belong. You're not quite where you belong. So why don't you sit down, make yourself as comfy as possible, and tell me what you're doing here. What is your real interest in my daughter Bianca? Jamie, you're not going to go to prison. You got to have more faith in Livia. She's a hell of an attorney. She's going to get go to trial, which is highly unlikely, she'll get you off on reasonable doubt. Either way, you're not going to do any time behind bars. Dad, I don't want to take any chances with any judge or jury. I want them to throw my butt in jail now before my case goes to trial. What, you want to plead guilty? No, I want to get the drop on J.R. Well, that'll work. What's your scenario? You think that as soon as your brother sees you in a cell, his head's going to explode with guilt and he's going to start to confess? Are you kidding me? He'll probably do the Adam dance right in front of my cell and swallow the key. Oh, thank God. I thought we were talking about medication here. I I'm not following the logic of the jailhouse plot. Just look Derek busts me and and then I get that rat bag to admit that he sold the drugs to J.R. to use on Babe. I was right, we are talking about medication. That's that's the craziest thing I've ever heard. No, Dad, it's not crazy. Yes, it is. It's crazy. I talked to Livia last night. She said if I can prove that Seth lied when he narced on me, all the evidence that the cops got with the search warrant gets tossed and my case just disappears. Ask your attorney, does she know that you're intent on playing cellblock patty-cake with a drug dealer? Not yet. No, no, because as your attorney, she would tell you we're talking about medication here, ok? This guy knows you. You are the last person in the world this cockroach is going to want to confide in. No, I got that covered. I go in your life, James It's not a movie Dad, just hear me out. I go in wearing a wire and Seth comes clean, and then I'm in the clear. And all you have to do is set it up with Derek. No, I'm not I'm not going to talk to Derek or anybody else. No, but, Dad, just No, damn it Look, Jamie, I understand, you know, that you want justice, but this thing, you know, it's it's right up there with carving a gun out of a bar of soap. It's just not going to happen not on my watch. J.R ., you have to see it. She is so cute. She's all dolled up in that beautiful sundress that we got her. We have to take her out and show her off. Hmm, that sounds like a plan, but 're going to make her a little brother or sister. You drink down this vitamin C and calcium. Well, thank you. Mm-hmm. No Babe, don't Don't drink it Zach would never force his way into my life. He doesn't have to force. He's already there. Look, the guy's the guy's running a number on you. No, you're wrong. I want to be wrong. I really do. He claims that he's here opening a gambling joint to raise all sorts of money for a good cause, but you got to sell me on this because so far, I am not buying it, Maria. He wants something, and that something could be you. Well, but he knows he can't have me. He knows that. And what if he just decides to grab what he can't have? No. Zach would never hurt never hurt me. You know, you know what all this is about, you know, what Zach wants and everything what about what you want? What are you getting out of this? Do you get off playing the big, shining hero? I mean, whose life are you trying to really save here? I'm just trying to help a friend. Oh, you know what? Then I should run screaming for the hills because the last time I heard that was when David drugged my memory away and stole five years of my life, and I don't really need that kind of help, Ryan I don't need it from David and I certainly don't need it from you Babe, give me that drink. What is with the giant tunnel rats? First Jamie, now you? I was watching you, J.R. I saw you slip a pill into that drink J.R ., what's David talking about into my house and you do the peeping-tom routine? What a sick way to get between Babe and me. Oh, yeah, go ahead, try to dance around this one. David, is it true? What'd you do? You take pictures, get a nice little eyeful, Babe and her husband happier than ever? See, that's your problem. You can't stand it. You got a serious hate on for me. So how do you pass that from father to daughter? How do you get my wife to turn against me? You need to see someone about that persecution complex. I'm only here for one reason to protect Babe and Bess. Good defense. Why don't you tell it to the cops when they get here? J.R ., wait, don't call the cops. I need to hear David out. Babe, listen to me when you left the room, I watched J.R. juice. Believe me, he is trying to drug you. And for all we know, this time he might even be trying to kill you. You think if I eat a balanced breakfast like a good boy, I'll, you know, calm down and behave myself. Nobody ever said anything about balanced. Welcome to the sub-basement of the food pyramid. This is my own invention sugar-frosted cereal, crumbled chocolate bars. You want plain or almond? Almond. So I score a sugar rush, and then what? You pass out cold. And when you come to, you will have forgotten about this crazy scheme. It's not crazy. Yes, it is. And it's not an option. You know, you're exhausted. You're not thinking straight. No, for the first time since this whole thing with Babe and J.R. exploded, I am thinking straight. All right, well, then consider to settle the score with your brother. I'm not trying to settle some score with J.R. or get Babe away from him because I got some case for her. Jamie, what the hell Would you just listen for a second? I spent all of last night thinking about everything that's gone down, and what keeps pulling me back is that moment at the club where Babe collapsed and stopped breathing. I mean, she was just laying there on the ground at my feet, dying, because of J.R. and the and the drugs that he gave her. And the only reason she made it, because I was there to help her. I can't turn my back now. I can't give J.R. a free pass to go after Babe again. So do you see where I am, Dad? I can't let Babe die and I can't let my brother end up a murderer. I have to help them both. I stick with the plan. I go to Derek with or without your ok. Yeah, well, you know, there's another thing. I can't exactly see Chief By-the-Book being thrilled about wiring you for sound, tossing you in the clink. Well, then I'll skip bail and he'll have to throw me back in. You're really serious? Deal with it, Dad. I'm doing this for Babe and my brother. What do you think, that I put some sort of heavy drug in here? Well, cheers. Ah. No Mr. Hyde. Nothing in there but pure Florida. My God, J.R. David, do something Honey, what's wrong? That's right, David. Why don't you do something? Gotcha. Are you ok? Sure am. I just got my full RDA of liquid sunshine. Thank God. See, I'm not good doctor made the wrong house call. Well, I came back east for business, and then I heard about the Miranda Foundation, and I want to get involved. My question to you is, why? What is your interest in Bianca? She's a survivor, like her mom. And I remember you telling me stories of what an amazing young lady she is, and then I saw for myself at the groundbreaking strength, courage, desire to reach beyond her own grief to help other people. It's inspiring. What? Oh. Yeah, you think there's more to the story, because just like the rest of this town, you don't trust me, and that's understandable because I'm making his every move. A stranger comes into Pine Valley, settles in, makes the association of some remarkable women, the Kane women and the story doesn't stop there, does it? Because now I have made my home in Now I bought his condo. Bianca wasn't thrilled. And now it's your turn to be suspicious. Because the way it looks from this side is that I am the reincarnation of Michael Cambias. Maria You know, why don't you stop stressing about my life and start maybe focusing in on your own? You want to be more specific? Yeah, you were engaged to one girl, and then moments later you were married to somebody else. So who's really more screwed-up, me or you? Ouch. You heard that? Oh, every other word " you, Zach, no right. " Rough translation Maria? s mad about something that went down between you and Zach Slater. You should work for the UN. How close am I? You're bang-on. She's upset because I I butted in to her personal life. Knowing you, you had a good reason I was just trying to help, but she just thought I was being selfish. And the worst part is that she's right. How could you helping her make you selfish? Because Maria told me something in confidence and she never asked me to do anything about it and I did. I had to because I was positive she was headed for trouble. So? Where does the selfish part come in? I didn't consult with Maria first. I just I just jumped in and I did what I thought was best for her. I don't understand why I have to do that. It's like it's like I have a preset button, and when somebody pushes it, I just spring into action, Ryan Lavery to the rescue. This is a bad thing? It's I don't know, it's well, I've been doing it for a while. I mean, you've seen it, Greenlee, I had to protect her, during Kendall's trial, Erica in Vegas. I mean, I did it when I married you. Guess that makes you some kind of hero, huh? You know, somebody told me that I had a hero complex. Hmm. And he asked me what sin I was trying to atone for. Well, damned if I know. Yeah, why do I have to do that? Turn into Dynamite Kiddo? You don't really know? Well, do you think it's my comic book withdrawal or my massive ego or Your ego's healthy, but that's not the reason that you do the amazing things you do. Maria is all wrong about you. You are anything but selfish. You can't stop yourself from reaching out to people people you love, people you care about, people you barely know when you see them hurting because you remember what it was like when you it or make the pain go away. You feel the pain. You take it on so no one else has to. That shouldn't make you feel crazy or ashamed. It's what I love best about you. Michael Cambias was a sick, vile, evil man. Michael Cambias did a lot more than associate with my family. Michael Cambias raped my daughter Bianca. She shot and killed him, but we all had our fingers on that trigger. We all plotted to destroy him. I helped David Hayward with his plan to castrate that filthy, raping pig So if you are hell-bent on reinventing yourself as Michael Cambias, you'd better watch what you drink and you'd better watch your back. Erica, what I said was that without knowing, I managed to introduce myself to Pine Valley the same way that Michael Cambias did. I'm sorry. You bought that viper's nest And I'll tear it down tomorrow if you think community to forget. Forget? We'll never forget. I don't want to cause any more pain to your family, believe me. Well, you still haven't told me what it is you do want. I want to understand what you've been through, maybe help you. What's in it for you? I told Bianca I recently lost someone that I cared about very deeply. And if I can help you heal, maybe you can do the same for me. Babe, I swear on my life I watched J.R. slip a pill into that glass of juice. Let me take the glass with me to a lab. Let me test it for residue. Stop it. You hear me? Just stop. This is sick. I don't want to hear another word of this. Babe, just get your clothes on, get the baby, and come with me, please. No, I that you were my Dad, you said that you wanted us to be close, said you were going to be like a real father to me. That's right, I did, and that's exactly what I'm trying to do. No, that's not all you're doing You're just using this whole daddy position to go after my husband No, he is the one that's going after you. I am trying to protect you. J.R. already told me. He warned me that I couldn't trust you, that you'd pull some sick kind of stunt like this, and I didn't listen to him You want to know why? Because I didn't want to believe him. Babe, I'm sorry. You know, it really kills me that you have to go through Oh, don't, don't Don't listen to him He's trying to hurt you, Babe Will you just shut up? You can't tell me anything anymore because you're not my father anymore. A father would want happiness and what's best for their daughter. He wouldn't be trying to wreck her life. Damn it, Babe, I am trying to save your life. That's what I'm trying to do. You're nothing but a total liar to me from here on out. I didn't want it like this between the two of us, but you don't even give me a choice. I can never sit here and believe that my husband would hurt me. But you? You already have. Now, just get out of here before I call the cops. You heard my wife. Get out And this time, use the stairs. I am still your father. And I'm going to prove to you that the man you can't trust is the one standing next to you. Come James, wait. Wait. Just, you know Why? Hold on a second. Why, so you can set me straight, talk some sense into me? God, Dad, why don't you just ground me and lock me in my room? I would. I would if I thought for one minute it would shake this crazy scheme out of your head. Crazy, why, because you say so? What? Well, there you go again. You're treating me like a know-nothing kid Tad knows best. I didn't say that. Look, aside from the fact that I love you more than anything on this planet, I'm just doing my job. You know, I wouldn't be your father if I didn't tell you to consider the consequences. Oh, you want to talk consequences, Dad? All right. Your way, I sit on the sidelines and do nothing while Mom, reasonable doubt. Meanwhile, J.R. gets away with it. Babe and Bess are open targets. Those are my consequences unless I can get this rolling in another direction. No, no, ok, all right, listen, what if there's a plan B, ok? This guy knows you. He doesn't know me. What if I go see him, you know, and I try to get him to fess up about what really happened that night? This is not the school playground when I was 5. You don't have to go after some bully who pushed me down. This is my fight, Dad. Deal with it and stay out of my way. Ok, knock it off, all right? You're really starting to sound like a movie. No, Dad, I'm sounding like you. Dad, I turned out the way I am because of you. I'm the man you made me. What . Oh, well-played, James. That's so I'm to blame for this whole " Daddy, I want to go to jail for the summer " routine? Oh, that's just ingenious. No, it's all in the DNA. You know I'm a chip off the old block. I really lucked out having you as my dad. It's not the cereal talking. You're really starting to lay it on a little thick. No, I got it a long time ago, growing up with J.R. He never really had a chance with Adam as his father. It was Adam and Dixie fighting over his soul, and Adam won. And J.R. turned out like his Dad and I sort of turned out like you. When you saved J.R. and Dixie from Adam, I mean, talk about something from a movie. I want to do the same for Babe and Bess. What I did for Dixie didn't Oak Haven was like jail. And you got Dixie out of there, took a killer risk doing it. Well, it's time to put myself out there. I want to take my own risks. Well, I guess you're legal age. I can't exactly tie you to the radiator. If you're really going to do what you say you're going to do, you might as well do it with your father's blessing. I'm sorry I went off on you like that. This certainly is not about his house. I understand. Look, Michael Cambias had a real talent for cruelty. I told you that he raped my daughter Bianca. Well, he also tried to rape my daughter Kendall, and he tried to rape me. He he had to be stopped. So you allied yourself with David Hayward? You know David Hayward? No, I never met the man, but I am aware of Is it true that he he drugged Maria Grey and stole five years of her life? Look, if it wasn't for David Hayward, Maria wouldn't even have a life. I'm not going to defend David Hayward, but I'm certainly not going to judge him. He was a tower of strength when Bianca and I needed him most. Well, seeing you now so healthy and vibrant, it's tough to think that you had to lean on anyone at all. Thank you. I do feel stronger every day. And you resolved some of the other things? I face each challenge as it comes along, each day at a time. Excuse me. I really do have an appointment. Oh. Of course. I'm sorry. Here's my number. Give me a call sometime. I'd love to talk some more, whenever you want. Zach? Look, when we were in Vegas, I hated you But you did the right thing. I mean, without you, I might still be drinking. I mean, I might still be belting back shots, you know, in a sleazy bar, or worse. You saved my life. I'll always be grateful to you for that. We do what we can. Take care. Zach What am I doing? What am I doing? What do you think? I love it. Looks like our casita. It is our casita. Oh. Look through the window right there. What do you see? Where? What? Right there. That's you and me looking at a painting of you and me looking at a painting. Where'd you find it? I had a local artist do it for us because I wanted to have it, you know, so if we ever had to leave her, at least we'd have our little casita and all . I I don't want to leave here. I don't want the memories. I want this right here, right now, you and me in our little house. Maria? Maria, what's wrong? What are you doing? Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not letting you behind the wheel of a car here. Whatever's got you so upset, I'm family. Come on, you can tell me. I need you to help me, Bobby Help me. Dad, thanks for seeing this my way. I don't see it your way. I just realize I don't have a choice. What's killing me is when I was your age, half this town hated my guts. I slept with the other half. Can't figure out how the hell I got from there to being such a stellar role model. Jamie? If this thing plays out the way you want it to and Derek Hey, I know, Dad. I will be careful. I love you, too. Hey, honey. You ok? Yeah. I don't even want to think about David. I just I just want to forget all the bad stuff and spend a perfect day with my husband and my daughter. I like the sound of that. You sweetie. You got me a refill Careful. Who knows what kind of evil drug I put in there. Would you stop. Tough morning? Maria, I will help you any way I can. Just tell me what's wrong here. I'm afraid that I'm going to make the biggest mistake of my life. You ok? Yeah, I'm I'm always ok when I'm with you. You know, you've done it. Greenlee, you said that you would always be my safe place, and for me, the thoughts that I have running through my head and my heart, all about you. Tell me, Ryan. Tell me what you feel. 
No. No? I'm sorry, J.R. It's it's like the whole world is against you. I can't do it. I want this over now. I'm going to end it. Yeah, that's right, Aidan Devane. No word at all? Ok, thanks. Hey, Edmund. How was physical therapy? Wow. Where's my sunglasses? If I didn't know better, I'd say that glow of yours has something to do with Bobby. Only everything. Back together, I hear? If I weren't at work, I might do a happy dance. I'm such a dork, aren't I? No, not at all. Listen, it's been a long time since I've seen that Santos glow .' T is a wondrous thing to behold. Well, that's just the opening I was hoping for to talk tough. May I? It's about time somebody did from making a mistake if I don't know what it is. You're a wreck. You're in my boss' office, and you really need to talk. Yeah, but to you? Should I call Anita? No, no. No. Look, I have a real short attention span. I'll forget whatever you tell me. You know, and I'm the last person to judge. How do I get Zach out of my head? Zach? Yeah. I can't keep doing this, Bobby. I can't. No, no, you can't. Maria, what if I told you to get Slater out of your head ASAP? Zach Slater is not the man you think he is. What are you doing here? I'm here to introduce myself formally. Yeah, well, I'm not big on formalities, as you're about to witness. We have a guy, right? So, you took a break from scamming quarters off old ladies? We have something else in common. And I care because? Maria Grey. Or should I say Maureen Gorman? I'm the man you made her leave. You said you could tell me anything. Tell me what you feel right now. Well, it's it's a little bit fuzzy, you know. It's like but I do know that I'm so grateful that you're here like, here now. Then I guess you and I feel the exact same thing. Is there more? Ryan-'s-voice Say it, say it, say it Say you're falling for her Say it Do you ever notice that words aren't as useful as they should be? You know, some days they're they're useless. And then on bad days, they're Land mines. Have any helpful it very simple. And say what you mean. Checkbook. Simple is good, but a few more words and I might actually understand. I have to balance my checkbook. Said the multibillionaire with an accounting staff of 80? The billionaire gig is new. It's the fiscal responsibility goes back beyond before when I wasn't fiscally responsible, when I was dead broke. I'll help. Are you sure? Yeah. Grunt work is a lot less painful when you have a friend to help you out. Exactly. Friends. Canceled checks first, and then we'll deal with the dreaded math. No, you see, the math is no problem for me. It's all neat, tidy columns with numbers and calculators and calculating. It's it's the words. It's the you know, like the woman said land mines. We wouldn't want that. No. Which . You're cautious. You know, you know the power that words have, and not too many people respect that. Right. But the words that do the trick I mean, they explain exactly what's in my head. What words? Ryan-'s-voice Shut it, Ryan. Not another word. God, she's gorgeous. Stop it She said she's happy, she's safe. You want to mess with that? You bring up feelings and she'll take a header into the mineshaft again, this time on purpose. Any words. It's just hypothetical. Well, you could test them out on me if you're not sure. How many stereo systems does one man need? As many it takes to drown out your chick music. Now, give me that. Sorry. You know, chick music aside, our deal has made me the happiest of men. Our deal? Yeah, it's a thing maybe six months wasn't the way to go? Why? Have you found him? The guy to fall in love with? All right, let me read you the fine print of our conversational agreement, ok? In exchange for talking toughly, frankly, and fairly, you agree to forgo the " hugging is as good as sex " speech. Now, why is that off-limits? I'm just trying to save us time, not have a conversation I've had with everybody else on the planet. Everyone on the planet said that? Hugging is as good as sex? Yeah, just about. Wow. What liars. Excuse me? Well, sex is sex, and it's so much better when it's love. I mean, if I lost that with the man that I adore, I would be devastated. Is that as comforting as the big hug lie? Hmm. At least the truth does 's to more truth because I respect you so much. Oh, boy. Your wife loves you. She loves being with you. And you guys have a big, bright future ahead of you. But if you narrow down sex to one single act, you don't know what you're missing out on. Ahem. Fine print, remember? You agreed? I'm not talking hugging, Edmund. I am talking about a rainbow of possibilities with bigtime glow potential. I mean, so bright that you would need new shades. Great. I'm not doing this, ok? It's true. But it's not your disability holding you back. It's your pride. You've been where I am, Bobby. I mean, don't you wish somebody had come in and some something before it went too far? I just don't have the energy or the time to spend on anybody but Edmund, and then here help. I When I when I met Zach, it was, like, the dumbest luck ever. I mean, it finding the perfect boss and the perfect job. But, what? But I screwed up. A big one an 8.0 on the screwup Richter scale. If you screw up, though, you got to take the heat. Yeah, heat I can take. Heat I deserve. But this was third-degree burns. Whether you're single or married or somewhere in between, you stay away from this guy. It's too late for that. No, no, no, it's not. Now, what if I told you, Bobby, that I spent six months with him? I mean, I was practically his wife. Oh, man. You're her. Is that supposed to mean something to me? You and Maureen or Maria or whoever? You show up on person. No. I think you came all riled up and ready to rumble. But if you have some romance novel vision of avenging your l'amour interruptus, let me give you some advice get over it. It's been five years. And while you're at it, you can get lost. I admire a man who doesn't let anything rattle him. Has the constant cha-ching of slot machines impaired your hearing? I'm busy. Bye now. But a man who would drug a poor, young woman and make her forget her own existence, fill her head with thoughts of guilt and murder, and make her feel like a stranger in her own skin without ever breaking a sweat himself now, that is a man I had to meet. Look, I don't give a damn what you think or what you want or who you are. You've held a fragile, warm, pulsing heart right in your very hands. Life would you believe it? That is something else we have in common. Babe, do you believe them? Are you talking about divorce? No God, J.R ., no, not divorce. Then what do you want to end? David. Everything. Just him trying to run my life and telling me what to do and how to feel. It's got to stop. Come here, baby. I forgot what it's like for someone who's not used to it. Who ever gets used to all that hatefulness? Anyone with the last name Chandler. Adam's on so many hate lists. And David that one that one goes way back. I just don't understand. He says that he wants to be my father and be all close, but then then he does something like this. And it's not like he's the only person against us. Yeah, Tad and Brooke How can you not blame them? J.R ., they want to throw you in jail and take you away from your daughter. They're Jamie's parents. Now, if Bess was mixed up in trouble like that or anything No, don't say something like that. It's bad luck. We would stand by her, God forbid it was her fault or not. Wouldn't your mother stand by you for whatever you did or whatever lie you told? I would do anything for Bess. Anything at all. Then let me handle David. What are you going to do? I'm going to handle it. That's all. So now you're a cardiologist, huh? Oh, God, no, no, no. I'm talking about life's combat. Tried to save one of my own. And how'd that work out for you? Not as well as it's worked want from me? Slater, right? What, you want me to what, quiver in fear of the macho bruiser or weep for your fallen comrade? I'm just sharing information. Yeah, right, of course you were. But you wouldn't want me to have visions of you cracking my chest open in some bit of poetic justice for your poor broken heart, now, would you? Maybe you should take a hint from Maria. She and I made peace. It's funny, ever since I saved her husband, she let go of her resentment. You know her husband, right? The man she couldn't get back to fast enough, no matter whom or what was waiting for her in that desert? Must be a rush creating something out of nothing. All right, look, since you're having a problem getting to the point, let me get there for you. You want an apology for taking Maria away from you. Now But now that I have, I'd do it again in a heartbeat. As far as I'm concerned, I did Maria a huge favor. I came here to extend an invitation to the fundraiser for Bianca's charity. Yeah, right. That's why you're here, of course. My mistake. I'm looking forward to playing host, especially to you. Bye. He's going to make a really rotten new best friend. What do you mean by " you're her "? Did he did he mention me? Well, never by name. I mean, that's not his style. But so, then, what? Well, every every once in a while when, you know when there was a sunset, he would go quiet, he would look out, and he would say, " She loved that desert. " Yeah. I did. I did. But, hey, boss, who is' she'? " Well, that's the major difference between the Zach that you knew then and the Zach that I know now. Ok? I mean, that casino boss with the killer smile? You don't get close to him. You don't ask about his past. Yeah, well, that last part hasn't changed. Yeah. Was he intimidating back then, too? No. No, not at all. You're not you're not thinking of getting back together with him again? Oh, God, no, no. That is absolutely not an option, no. Ok, because, even though this would make me the world's biggest hypocrite, I have to say, for the love of God, don't. No, I love Edmund. I love him. He truly is my world. I can't imagine what this is doing to your a wheelchair but I I don't blame you for wondering. And, you know, you never answered my question. Back when we you know, when we had that little rib party in the park, you said that your marriage to me was sort of the perfect chance for you to meet the exact right guy not Mr. Right, but Mr. Right Now. Hang on. You know what? I saw it here just a second ago. Greenlee-'s-voice Mr. Right? Mr. Right? Try Mr. Right in Front of Me. It's you I want. Can't you tell? Don't you see? I don't see it. Greenlee-'s-voice Which is good. Because the last thing you need is yet another woman throwing herself at you and backing you into a corner. I can do patient. I can. I can. I can't find anything. Oh. Is is that what you you really wanted? No. That was nothing. And, no, no, I don't have my sights set on some poor sucker. This ring is on my finger for good. I mean, it's not glued or anything. I can take it off, you know, whenever I have to or need to, you know, or if you wanted me to. You know, you said you wanted to change our six-month deal, and then you said you didn't want to change it, so, like, is there something that you're not telling me? Because if there is, you know, I'm a tough guy. I can take it. I'm sure you can. Greenlee-'s-voice Not. So, tell me, Greenlee. Do you want out sooner? I just said no. Ok. Ryan-'s-voice Did you hear that? She's defensive, scared. My fault, I'm pushing. Idiot Am I chasing her away. Well, stop it. Because if she goes, you'll be sorry. Don't make her run. Greenlee-'s-voice How could I go sooner? Six months isn't enough. I'm not sure there is such a thing. Do you know how much I'd miss you? Do you know how much I need you and want you? God, can't you just open your arms and I wouldn't want to hold you back. How about just holding me? Greenlee-'s-voice Oh, God. Was that out loud? How about I Ryan-'s-voice Hold you? Does she know and she's just needling me, or does she mean it? Say it again. Hold me back from making another mistake. I mean, I may have another moment of weakness and jump the first piece of beefcake that says hello. Oh. Greenlee-'s-voice Oh, that was good. Sounds a little more desperate. Men find that sexy. Which is " Hey, I love you madly. I want to climb into your lap and " That's what I'm here for. Huh? To stop you from doing things that you would regret. Ryan-'s-voice Like being with me one second longer once you figure out that your good pal Ryan wants to pick you up and touch your face and hold your Oh sticky. I I just want you to be happy. Look at me, Ryan. I'm looking. This is what I look like when I'm happy. Greenlee-'s-voice Shut up, shut up, shut up Don't say anything else. I'm glad we had this talk. Yeah. Cleared things up. Everything out in the open. No misunderstandings. And no missing checks. Yeah. It's true, except I'm out $1,100. We could start over, try again. Get it right this time. Yeah, just stick to the chart, ok? I'm going to take a shower. I'll call you back later. Right. You want to play games, Slater? You want to tell me why you're dumb enough to show up here? I came here to say I'm sorry. I was wondering if you can accept my apology. So, Mrs. Warner, am I correct in understanding that I need to ditch the ego and suck it up? When you put it that way um yeah. It's a pretty substantial ego, you know. With good reason. Ahem can't just, you know, dump it by the side of the road. You need official permits and all that kind of stuff. Well, you're the resourceful type. I have faith. Can anybody really fight what we've lost as a scratch that, not " we. You have no choice but to fight. You're Edmund Grey. I really do love her, more than ever. I knew she was strong, but in this, I mean, she just shines. Ok, so what's the plan? I haven't a clue. I don't know. But I'm not about to give up on the lady that I love. No way, no how. See, now, that is what I'm talking about. Excuse me. Ahem. Yeah, Grey. Aidan. Yeah, I've been waiting for your call. What? I'm sorry, you're breaking up. Hello? Call me when you get a better connection. That was Aidan. Yeah, I got that. Where is he? What's he doing? Oh, he's doing some detective work, top secret. Well, how did he sound? He sounded like like it else? No, not at all. Now that Bobby and I are back together, it's all good. Ok. And the glow returns. Listen, nobody deserves that glow better, all right? You go get it. And so do you, so you go get it. Ok. All right. All right? All right. I got to get back to work. Bye. Bye. Hello? Yeah. Aidan, yeah, it's better now. Yeah, Tad filled me in on the research. Slater. Uh-huh. Yeah, I got it. All right. I'll be on it first thing. Edmund and I have been through far, far worse than this. And he truly is the love of my life. That's unbreakable. You didn't seem so sure about that last part when I first came in here. Yeah. Well, sex or the lack thereof and I have because what we have is so much bigger than that. It's just it's so much stronger than that. And I I mean, I'm going to fight like hell to keep it, just like you've been doing with Anita. You know, I never realized until just this second that if I lost my wife, I would've lost a sister-in-law, too? Close call, huh? Yeah, you almost blew it. I'd say I'm sorry, but this is my office. And check on opening acts that won't alienate our beloved headliner. Meaning not better-looking. You got it. It's good to see you. I shouldn't have canceled our meeting. I'm sorry. It's ok. I came by to see Bobby, anyway. And he seems to be doing really well here with you. Yeah, he's not one of those fawning yes men. I appreciate that not what I said. Life is full of challenges. I like to take them on. That's great. Is that what I am to you? A challenge? Because you don't get to take me on, Zach. Not now and not ever. Wimp. Goof. You're the girl who could conquer the world, who could go out and get whatever she wants. What do you do? Check number 5921. Why couldn't you just say it? Why couldn't you just take a risk? Why can't I just say that one itsy-bitsy tiny sentence. " I love you, Ryan Lavery, you pain. " Wait me pain, or him pain? What does it matter? Love is a pain. Which one? What? You trying to sort out Kendall or Greenlee? I balanced my checkbook. It stressed me out. So why don't you ever want to talk about when we were kids about the ladies in your life, and you come back at me with the most out-of-the-blue thing you can find me and our childhood. I see the maneuver. You just want to cling on to the glory days. Excuse me, our childhood glory days? You strip all that away, and what do you have? The time when I worshipped you as a God. Is that what this is, huh? Ryan needs a little adulation from his baby bro? All right, ok, cut it out. I almost blew it with Greenlee today. Clothes on or clothes off? And I talk to you why? I just need to know if this is a chemical free-fall or an emotional. Clothes on. What did she say when you told her? You think I'm going to tell her that? I'm her pal. So while she's thinking about spreadsheets and dinner plans, she'd just be thrilled to find she looks in the lingerie that she wears to bed. She might respond to that. She also might run out in the middle of the street and get hit by a bus. That sounds like a great plan. And to think that I used to consider you a genius? Well, lucky for me, only you know the truth. Just don't go telling anybody, or you're a dead man. Ain't family swell? Hmm. Yeah. So, little Jon I showed you mine, now you show me yours. He loves you as big as the universe. You know that, don't you? And I know exactly how it feels. Yes, because he loves me, too, no matter what all of those mean people say. We just wouldn't feel this safe and loved if it were all a lie. Would we? No. No. It just isn't so. (Bess-fusses) Boy, no " Hayward " with a sneer and drizzled with contempt? No, actually, I left the sneer at home. I'm here for Babe. Now, I'm willing to buy that you were in our tunnel spying on us because you want what I want for Babe to be safe and happy. Who am I to blame you for that? Boy, that's really understanding of you, J.R. and that's quite a substantial turnaround. Now, what brought that about? Well, see, you and I, we have something in common. We're both new fathers. Now, if I thought for a second that Bess was in jeopardy, whether it was true or not, I'd go a little nuts. So you apologize, I let it go, and what do you propose? That we put an end to this war between us. At least a ceasefire, find some common ground. Based on 's the point in going after each other? We're too evenly matched. We can't hurt each other. But we can hurt the people that we love, and that's not worth it to me. How about you? You know something, J.R.? Your mother she was a sweet, loving woman. But she would slap you silly if she ever heard that load. You see, I know that your daddy loves me. And you know how? See, I I kept you away from Bianca because I knew that it would just kill J.R. to lose you. But if I just if I did all that just for somebody who deep down hated me inside, how could I live with myself? How could I even deserve to live at all? God, please just let me know that this is going to be ok. You know, I wish I'd known this years ago, how easy it was to You might want to take some genuine advice, Junior. If I were you, I'd start treating Babe like the loving husband she deserves. Because if you don't, you might wake up one day in your own dark and pathetic life that you can't get out of. Yeah? I'm all over that one, Hayward. What I have with Greenlee is nothing like what you and I saw growing up at home, you understand that? It's incredible. And there's no way that I'm going to do anything to screw it up. It's still right there over my shoulder. Man, why do you want to focus on the old stuff? You have a penthouse, an empire. You have a really hot wife. Because the old stuff made us who we are now. You're breaking my heart here, Ry. You know, I I can't stand all the " let's talk about the past ok? I made the choice to get over the fact that I didn't get a 10-speed, that we didn't summer in France. And like I said, we were both there. Not interesting. You having this this deep, passionate thing for your untouchable wife that's way more interesting. The present always is. I said I was coming Oh. Sorry. Subtle. And ready to burst. What's going on? You got to hear this. Live for the moment, that's all I'm saying. The past it's done, it's finished. Finito, toast, over. The future you can't control it, so don't stress about it. Wow. And the Zen master speaks. (Jonathan-laughs) Maybe a few more lessons from the sensei and I'll catch on. Sure would make life a whole lot easier. Amen, brother. Bobby, I but I'm not in the market. Greenlee, I've been a professional screwup, and I'm hoping to to limit the mistakes to the few and far between in my life. When I came over here and declared that I had a thing for you, that wasn't cool at all. So this is this is my retraction and my apology. You didn't have to. No, I did. Because love matters. Getting in the way of love, whether it's your own love or someone else's I mean, it's just stupid. You know, if you have someone to love, you got to do whatever you can to hold on to her or him. Because in the end, what else is there? What else is there? Yeah. Ok uh great. Um I'd better go. " Hubster went to dig Mia out of a mess in California. Kisses hugs told you I don't want to complicate your life. Yeah, well, you just being here in Pine Valley complicates it. My work is here. That's convenient. Very convenient, but it's not really good for me. Because with all of these feelings They are what they are. You give them the power. What? Don't try to pretend like I'm in this on my own, because you are right there with me. You asked me to come to terms, so I'm working on that. Now it's your turn, and your strength will come through. It always has. I've seen it. Well, what you knew about Maureen Gorman is all in the past. And as for you and me, we definitely have no future. 
What's going on? J.R ., Bianca Bianca's worse? She's not going to make it? We haven't given up on her, no. I'm sorry, Erica. You know how much I love her. Then help her now, J.R. Anything. Just name it. Give me Bess. I need to find Erica. Why? Because she needs to make some pretty tough decisions, the kind of decisions no parent should have to make. I'm sorry, but, no. Bess is not going to the hospital on Christmas Eve. J.R.? We have some bad news. Bianca's body is shutting down. So Erica needs to make the decision when the time comes to either put her on a respirator or let her go. Could you get off your duff and call Mayo or Johns Hopkins or something? Well, if there were anything anybody could do, then Well,, darling, Palmer talked to Joe What, and offered to fly in the big guns? All we can do is wait. This waiting thing sucks. Yeah, they can transplant human hearts, but they can't break through one little coma? Why isn't anyone telling us what's going on? Maybe this is one of those " no news is good news. " Has anyone seen Erica? Why? Is there an update? What's going on? You can tell us. We're family. We all are. Is there any change? I'm sorry. I don't have anything new to report. Greenlee? Have you seen Jackson? Is he still here? Maybe he's with Erica, in the cafeteria or the chapel? Ok, can you do me a favor, please, and get him here as soon as you can? What is it? possible, ok? Thanks. My sister? How do you know my sister? Father-Clarence Oh, Bianca and I are well acquainted. We're a bit off the beaten track here, so it's gratifying when people especially young ones like yourself and Bianca drop in to see us. Bianca was here? Father-Clarence Well, last Christmas Eve. She was deeply troubled, brokenhearted. She was looking for some answers. Perhaps you'll find what you're looking for here, too, Kendall. I'm sorry. We all know how much you love that baby. All this time you thought that Bess was yours. Bess is my daughter. Son No, Dad. Tell me that you don't believe Babe's lie? Babe didn't lie about Bess. Bess is Bianca's daughter, not yours and not Babe's. She's Bianca's baby, and her name is Miranda Montgomery. We've come How do you know my name? Father-Clarence Oh, Bianca must have mentioned it, just like she probably mentioned me and my church here. Now, I told you I got lost. Father-Clarence Ah. Then we are destined to meet. I am Father Clarence. Hi. How do you know that I'm Bianca's sister? Father-Clarence Ooh, family resemblance. No, we don't look anything alike. Father-Clarence Not to the casual observer, but I look deeper. Your eyes have the same searching look. Such a minister thing to say. Father-Clarence Is it? Ah would you hang on to the baby Jesus for me? I bet you no other minister has said that to you. I need to clean up the manger. As I recall, Bianca loved our crche here. Well, do you recall what you and Bianca talked about? Father-Clarence Oh, we talked about love, life, trust, belief. You run a few sermons up something she needed here. See, Bianca didn't think she could love the baby of the man who attacked her. And you convinced her to go for it. Father-Clarence Or Bianca tapped into a well of love and understanding. She learned what he knew that all children need caring and love, that all children are innocent, and they don't carry the sins of the father. Bianca has great wisdom and a great deal of love to give. Well, brilliant move, padre. You totally screwed up Bianca's life. I don't suppose you'd know her prognosis? According to Maria, it's not good. Get that for me? Did Maria tell you anything? Not a word. She didn't have to. You could tell by the look on her face that Bianca's not doing too good. Bianca's got an interesting group of friends. Yeah, you'd think all the Yeah. It's going to take a serious miracle to bring Bianca back. Well, let's get one a miracle You can't just, like, order one like some pizza or something. But miracles happen every day. That's what I've heard " miracles happen every single day. " Well, yes, but for some people, just getting to work on time is a miracle. A miracle is well, everybody thinks it's they can't happen, it's impossible. But it happens anyway, so that's a miracle. But if it's impossible, then it's impossible. Most times, almost always. But every once in a while, very rarely The impossible happens. And that's a miracle? Right. Myrtle-'s-voice Mona, darling, I'm handing this ball to you because nobody seems to be listening to us sinners down here. So it's up to . So, darling, will you please ask him nicely to have a real good look at what's going on here? And please ask him to give Bianca a break. I don't blame you for grabbing on to Babe's craziness when it comes to my daughter. I know that it probably helps you deal with the pain. Now, if my daughter were Bianca's and something happened to her, part of Bianca would still live on. But I can not allow you to use my little girl to keep this fantasy going. It is not a fantasy. J.R ., its time for you to accept the truth. This isn't some kind of charade for Bianca's benefit. It's a fact. That baby is hers. We have the proof to back it up. J.R ., we ran a new DNA test, and it proves that your Bess is really Bianca's Miranda. And the test you did before proved the opposite This one was right. J.R ., we are not trying to steal this child. She's Bianca's baby. Which one of your contacts faked this document? No, no, this test was monitored from start to finish by Judge Lampert. That's what I walked in on the other day. They have a judge in their pocket. So whose DNA did you switch for Bess'? Kendall's could be a pretty good match. No, we used a sample from Bess. You couldn't have. Bess has been with me or We went to a private DNA lab, and I witnessed the procedure. You you did this? Father-Clarence We all suffer loss, we all suffer grief. No, you give it a rest, Father, ok? I swear, if you lecture me, I will I will smash each and every one of these statues into dust. Father-Clarence If it'll make hammer. Yeah, I'm sure. Father-Clarence Ah. Your flesh and blood they are they don't ache, they don't cry. Well, crying's useless. It's as useless as praying. Father-Clarence Sometimes it seems that way. No, there's no " seems " about it. You pray for someone to love and to love you back, you find it, and then bam they get taken away. Bianca loved Miranda, you take Miranda away. I love Bianca, and you take Bianca away. So that's two for your side. What's left for me? Father-Clarence You have ears, and you don't hear. You have eyes, and you don't see. No, forget it, Father. Forget it. I'm not buying secondhand laughs from God. Opal-'s-voice Dear Lord, I usually keep out of your business. You do a real good job keeping mankind going despite our inclination to do now in this little speck of dust called Pine Valley just check your paperwork again, could you, because it just it isn't right. Palmer-?-s-voice " Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done " no, no. This can't be your will to take this girl away from us. Please, Lord, please. No luck? I checked all over the hospital. I left messages everywhere. Well, he'll pick one up soon. Not soon enough. All the horrible people roaming the earth there's terrorists and child abusers and murderers why Bianca? Life's not always fair. Try never. I'm sick of it. If I had been closer, more available I should have gone with her to Florida. You're going to make a wonderful doctor. You've already got the God complex down. Hey, listen, I can't rig fate. And, Maggie, as astoundingly amazing as you are, neither can you. Wherever you are, you have to find your way back. No matter how hard it is, no matter how long it takes, you have to remember that it's worth it. I guarantee you. I'm waiting, and everyone everybody who loves you is waiting. Come on, Bianca, it's Christmas. What are you waiting for? Bianca, it's me, Lily. I wanted to bring you a miracle, but I'm still not exactly sure what that means. Reggie says they just happen. And that might be scary, so I'll just wait here with you in case a miracle decides to show up. Father-Clarence Ah, this air pollution is so bad these days. It'll be a miracle if we can clean it up so our babies can breathe again, but we can do it. You're an Yeah, well, pessimists are never disappointed. Father-Clarence " No pessimist ever found the secret of the stars or sailed to an uncharted land or opened a new doorway to the human spirit. " Which holy man said that? Father-Clarence Helen Keller. Look, Kendall, you're right. Life is tough, very tough. Well, finally, something I agree with. Father-Clarence Well, life is not for sissies. It's very tough. And anything we love is going to grow old, die, get lost, stolen, disappear, but that's the deal and we have to put up with it. Ok, and this is supposed to make me feel better how? Father-Clarence Sadness and grief they're always going to be with us. They're like a puppy following us all through our life. That's the deal. I promised Miranda a puppy once from the pound. I couldn't keep that promise, and I will never make another one opposite of faith? Reality? Father-Clarence Fear is the opposite of faith. Yeah, well, of course I'm afraid. My sister may die. Father-Clarence What are you going to do, give up, give in? No, I don't I don't want to, but what else can I do? Father-Clarence Fight to keep Bianca alive. Fight how? Father-Clarence Reach out to Bianca with your faith, not your fear. Keep fighting to keep Bianca alive. You couldn't have done that, Dad. Not to me. I had to know the truth. I told you the truth. What'd they offer you? What'd they use to turn you oh Colby. You traded my daughter to Tad, exchange for yours. J.R ., Paul Cramer was to blame for this. No, Paul Cramer is dead. It's no wonder that all of you would try to pin it on him the crash site. We're all victims here, son, you especially. Do you expect do you know what you're saying? Do you actually believe that beautiful little girl was fathered by Michael Cambias? You held her. You sung to her. And you know in your heart that she is ours No. The test was legitimate. You're good. You're so good. Who else could fool Adam Chandler? Jamie put you up to this, didn't he? Babe and Jamie wanted payback, so they had to hit me right where it hurts. No, no, no, no, no, J.R ., this is not about payback. This is not about revenge. Your baby, your son died in that helicopter crash. It was his incubator No, no, my baby did not die Paul Cramer told us that my Paul Cramer lied. I'm so sorry, J.R. Look They don't lie. They're bogus J.R ., please. This could be the defining moment of Bianca's entire life, and yours. Please do the right thing. You can do the right thing, or you can traumatize Miranda. That beautiful little baby can wind up paying for this for the rest of her life Miranda doesn't have a life There is no Miranda We don't have to ask your permission. We don't. These test results will stand up in any court of law. J.R ., don't make this tougher on yourself. Don't make us call in the police here, son. What? You take a lesson here, Dad, because this is what a real father does. You want my daughter? Hmm? You want my daughter? But you're going to have to kill me to get to her. What child is this who laid to rest on Mary's whole lot of Christmas spirit in this room. This is not a good time. Yeah, I can tell that. J.R. looks like he needs a break. You got a minute? For God's sakes, Stuart, let us handle this. Adam, Stuart might be just what we need. I won't take long. Don't be long. Ok, now, bring me up to speed. They're trying to take Bess away from me. I never should have agreed to this test. I should have told you all to go to hell. Oh, Adam, you wanted to know the truth as much as I did. I've lost my son. For what? You mean Bianca's in a coma, so she doesn't matter? Bianca's expendable? She's probably going to die anyway, so it doesn't matter if her child ever knows the truth? Is that what you Adam is not saying that. Yes, he was thinking it. All right, Adam, you think you've " lost " your son? You can find him. If I lose Bianca oh, Merry Christmas to you, too, Adam. Your faith is inspiring. I was wrecked like that once, but I was lucky, because before Cindy died, she showed me the beauty inside the pain. And then she was gone, but I wasn't so lonesome. I don't have a son. I have a daughter who is alive and well upstairs. They're wrong. Bess is mine. That explains a lot. No. No, it doesn't. You're not even listening to me No do you remember when you were 6, and I asked you if you had burned out that electric outlet in your room and you said " No, no, no " so many times and so loud and so What's wrong with you? You can't stay on the same subject I could smell the burnt wiring, and behind the chair and you threw your jacket over it behind that I could see the soot all over the outlet. You had you'd put your dad's record player with your entire train set. I was a kid, Uncle Stuart God Listen to me. Listen. If you were really sure, if you were positive that Bess was your child, then you'd be calm and cool. You'd let her go off and see Bianca. Why not? You'd get her back in the end. You wouldn't burst a blood vessel over it. I'm not. J.R ., don't make this any worse. Ok? Just let go. Help Bianca and her little girl. Bianca might hear me. Well, we're not sure, but I think so. anything that might make us feel better and might reach Bianca. Yes. I'm in favor of that, too. Ok, well, why don't you stay here with her and sit with her and talk with her and make her feel a little less alone? Alone isn't always bad. It's safe when you're just by yourself. I used to shut the world of people out all the time. I'd focus my mind somewhere deep inside. Is that what you're doing now, Bianca? Greenlee-'s-voice You'd think I'd be comfortable with this by now, even though Ryan-'s-voice I only do this when I'm at a complete loss. Greenlee-'s-voice Powerless. But isn't that when you're supposed to step in? Ryan-'s-voice This isn't for me. Bianca needs your help. Greenlee-'s-voice So if you could help her Ryan-'s-voice Or tell us what we can do Greenlee-'s-voice Please? We can't do this alone. Father-Clarence Well Wait. Well, how do I fight for Bianca? Father-Clarence Ah, if I tell you, it won't amount to much, will it? Oh well, you haven't helped me one bit. Father-Clarence Haven't I? Well, I hope I'll have more success with my next appointment. I wasn't an appointment. I just wandered in here. Father-Clarence And I've enjoyed our visit. But I have appointments with people much worse off than you people who are in danger of losing their souls. You, my dear, have everything you need. How can you even say that when (Baby-cries) J.R ., the love that you and Bess have for each other will never die, not if you do what's right for her. Who knows what that is? You do in your heart. Sometimes, holding on too tight is worse than letting go. Just ask your dad. You gentlemen have Have a memorial service for a grandson I never knew? Or how about a marker on a tiny, empty grave? Adam, I don't have the answers. But I do know that there is help out there. There is counseling and there is Oh, shut up, Erica. Just shut up. J.R .' s ready. I'm going to go upstairs and get Bess. I'll go with you. I want to say good-bye to her alone. All right. I'll wait outside the nursery. It's not enough for you to win? But you got to keep twisting that knife, don't you? It's not about that. I'm just afraid you'll grab the baby and try to run. I'd never get away with it. J.R ., just so you know, all the secret exits from this property are being covered. J.R ., please, just get 'm praying for her. Oh, thank you, Stuart. Thank you so much. Don't worry, Bess. Your daddy's smarter than all those people, and he loves you very much, more than anyone ever could. That's why I'm ready. And that's why I have a secret way for us to get out even your grandpa doesn't know about. What did Greenlee say? Just that Maria needed to talk to you right away. Maria? It's Jack. Jackson, is Erica with you? Yeah, she's right here. What's wrong? Ok, can you get her back here to the hospital as soon as you can, please? We need to talk. I Well, Jack, what did Maria say? Get J.R. We need to get Miranda and get down to the hospital right away. Oh, God. Bianca, hold on. Reggie-'s-voice Please, in you. Believe in her. Don't let her die. Danielle-'s-voice Lord, please don't do this. Look at everybody in this chapel praying for her. Half of these people don't even like each other, but they all love Bianca. Doesn't that show you who she is? Ethan-'s-voice Bianca was my friend even when I believed my last name was Cambias. She should have hated me. Edmund-'s-voice Please, God, bring her back whole and happy. Please, just bring her back. Maggie-?-s-voice You took her baby. Isn't that enough? Jonathan-'s-voice I don't want her to die. Myrtle-'s-voice Dear God, we got plenty of troubles in this world, and you know each and every one of them war, famine, disease, man's inhumanity to man, and sometimes plain stupidity. Well, we would like these things cleaned up and tidied up and finished. I know that's a tall order, and we've got to do our part, . Dear God, we need a miracle. Please give us one. Just one. I felt safe. But I missed out on lots of things like you are now. Even if you're scared, it's better to be a part of the world as much as you can. That's what I'm learning now. And I'm less scared less often, anyway. I think I'm learning that some things are only frightening in my mind, and I'm not as frightened. I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened. We're not alone. Is this a miracle? God, help me. I have lost whatever faith I had with Miranda. It's been fear for so long, and I'm tired of it. I'm sick to death of it, actually. But I don't know how to believe. Help me. Please, help me. I have to believe for She'll be all right, won't she? I'm trying, God. I'm really I'm really trying here. Please let her live. Please. I believe. I believe, I believe. I swear to you. I swear I believe. Wherever you are, Dixie, I wouldn't I wouldn't blame you if you were disappointed in me. But I didn't have a choice. Didn't know where to turn. I just had to do what I felt was right. Then again, what do I know? The only thing I'm sure of right now is that as much as I miss you, every day J.R. misses you a hundred times more, even if he doesn't know it. And I don't know how to help him. Even if I did, he he doesn't trust he anymore. So if if you got any ideas, for God's sake, give me a hint, lost than he is right now. Come on, Adam. Come on Bianca's waiting for her baby What is taking him so long? Oh, God. Why doesn't he hurry? Gone. All safe and sound. Who are you? What do you want? Father-Clarence I need your help. I'm in a hurry. Father-Clarence Ah, but this is important. Very important. 
I'm going to keep this short. I I just wanted a quick chat, tell you something that I I haven't even told Kendall. I came to Pine Valley for one reason to be accepted as Ethan Cambias. And I found something else entirely friendship, from you and from your sister. And that meant more to me than any empire. I don't know what would've happened if I hadn't met you. And I don't give up what I value, Bianca. That's why I can't let you leave. Maria? Bianca's getting better, right? She's coming out of the coma now. I know, I know. That's a new sunny-side me it's kind of a shock, but I'm right, aren't I? Kendall, I'm really sorry. No, he told me to have faith and I I listened and I tried. So she's getting better now. No, you've got to a respirator to keep her alive. Jack, what's keeping J.R.? Why hasn't he brought Miranda down here yet? Look, this can't be easy for him. I mean, what do you say to your child when you find out that all of a sudden she's not your child? Jack, I want that baby with Bianca now. I know. Where's Miranda? Where's J.R. never brought her. Oh, God, Jack Oh, no, no, no He found another way out. Aidan? He's gone and he's got Miranda. I don't know just find him Father-Clarence There's no one else who can help me, young man. Well, what are you doing? Father-Clarence You have a car and I need a lift. Did you not hear me? I have someplace I have to be. I really don't in the same direction Pine Valley Hospital? No, opposite direction. I'm going far away. Look, how about I make a donation for the Christmas fund? Father-Clarence Save your money, son. The Lord will provide. Then use it for a taxi. I'll call one as soon as I'm on the road. Just please, for God's sake, just get out of my car. I'm sitting here like a fool, for what? For the doctors to get a clue? Dani, look, please, just just tell me something. What can I do? How do I fix her and why the hell can't somebody wake Bianca up? I mean, all the things she's been through she just gets to lie there? She just gets she gets to die? It's Reggie, don't. Hey. Hey, hey Take it easy, easy. Come here. me down to the station for disturbing the peace? Look, I'm just here for Bianca, like everybody else. Because if we stick around long enough, we might all just get a chance to say good-bye, right? Look, Reggie, I feel you. You're frustrated and the frustration gets in your blood and it starts pounding at your brain, so you got to let it loose, but don't, ok? Just just stay cool. Be cool. Being cool won't bring Bianca back. All right? So what do we do? You tell me that, Derek. Well, we just go with the flow, you know? We just we just look around. When you see all these people that love her look around, Reggie, and we we just know we're not alone. Excuse me. Join me, won't you? Have you heard from Babe? No. oh, including that your daughter and my son kidnapped the Buchanan baby. That's Babe's child. Now, if Tad told you everything, you know that's true. He also told me that my son is not going to be coming home any time soon, so add that to the list of horrific things that you've already done. Tell me why I shouldn't rip you apart. Help me understand, Krystal. How can you watch that sweet, kind young girl who's already been through hell, watch her suffer and know you're why? I don't expect you to see it, but I do have a heart and a soul and it kills me to know what I did to Bianca. You've taught me so much already. Next thing on the books, you're going to teach me how to deal with that sister of yours. I think we're both on the on the same page with that. We help her a little. Can I have a moment alone with Bianca, please? Of course. I'm I'm going to go and find your sister, and I'm going to hold you to our agreement, ok? Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No. Hold on a second. No, I have to see I have to see Bianca. She's worse, isn't she? No, I'm I was just in with her. I don't know about worse, but you need to calm down. No, no, I'm tired. I've done that already, ok? Calm, faith, hope, blah, blah, blah, whatever. Never again. What's going where did you go after you left the boathouse? Why are you so wound up? Well, getting played does that to me. I got suckered into believing in miracles Bianca, I understand. Well, go ahead. String me up, torture me. Skin me alive. But to make me sit here and watch you here like this, you must really want me to suffer. (David-sighs) You have no choice but to hate me, Bianca. I know that. I betrayed you. I let you ache for a baby that was close enough to touch. There is another way to make me pay you can open your eyes and you can tell me to my face that you hate me for what I've done to you. Then I will suffer still not as much as I deserve, but I will pay. You are going to have so much more than just your hatred and your grief to hold on to soon, Bianca. You're going to have your daughter. Now, I know this might sound strange, but your mother, she's working on it. She's going to make it happen. I failed youn't. And you can not fail your daughter. Where the hell does this go? I have no idea. Don't give me that. You've been playing tunnel rat for decades and you know it. This is new. He must have done the work while I was away. I knew how much he loved that child, how desperate he was to keep her. What have I done? I'll tell you what you've done you let him run with Bianca's daughter and you left it to me to rip Miranda away from him. I didn't want him to go, but he's gone anyway. And I have lost my son and the rest of you can all go to hell. Ok, let let Tad handle this, please. But what's going on up there? For such a long time with Tad and Adam and J.R. I know, I know. Something's The baby oh, God no Jack Well, you came what happened to Aidan and his men? I'm going to meet with them right now. Let's go, let's go. Father-Clarence Such a sweet face. You must love her very much. That's why I've got to get out of here. You have no idea what you walked in on. Father-Clarence She doesn't look a bit like you or Dixie. You knew my mother? Father-Clarence One of the brightest lights I ever met. Kind and beautiful and strong. Could you just please? Father-Clarence Wonder what she thinks of all this you and the baby. My mother's dead. Father-Clarence I wonder what she thinks of what you're about to do, or not do. All right, get out. Get out. I don't have any time for this. Go Out of my car. All right, . That's right. (Door-opens) Please, Father It's too late. You better pray to God it's not. I know you think I don't have any right to be here, but I'm here for Babe and Jamie's sake and for the sake of that little baby. Oh, haven't you already done enough for Babe's sake? What can you do for them now? Play decoy and draw fire. I pray, I pray to God that Bianca wakes up, and when she does, there's a very good chance that she's going to tell J.R. that his son is alive. Now, Adam and J.R. are going to be out for blood Babe and Jamie's, most of all and I am going to be here to stand in their way. How noble. You're a piece of work. And so is Jamie. And I mean that in the best possible way. him in Florida with that little boy. No, I should see him here, with his family. Babe and Jamie they call themselves family. The look in his eyes when he watches that baby, it's just it's fierce and it's loving all at the same time. He is a true father, no doubts, no regrets. Brooke, I know you want your boy back, but he's where he wants to be, and I swear to you Babe knows full well how lucky she is because I have told her a thousand times how hard it is to find a good man and I ought to know because I never met one until I met Jamie's daddy. It's over. Get out of the car. And don't even think about running, J.R ., because there's guards everywhere, the roads are blocked, and your pilot's been removed from the jet. All right, you know what? scare the baby. Thank God. Please, Tad. You saved me before (Miranda-cries) When I was a baby. Do you remember that? Please, you don't want to do this. You'll never know how much, but it's time for you to give Miranda up now. You can not take Bess away from me. The child's name is Miranda. Now, we tried this the easy way, son. But I'm telling you, if you try to stop us from taking this child, you're going to be facing kidnapping charges. But I am the father You know that, Tad. I'm the dad. I swear to you on Dixie's soul, this child isn't yours. You're not her father. (Miranda-screams) Come here, sweetheart. Come here to your old Uncle Jack, baby. Come here. Come here. Aw, yeah. We're going to go for a baby, that's right. We're just going for a little ride, ok? Come on, here we go. Oh, Miranda. We got her. Oh. Oh, you're going to go to your mommy now. Yes, you are. To your mommy. There's a friend of mine on the force. He's got lights and sirens ready to go. Get them going. Let's go. You gave her what she deserves, J.R. You gave her back her mother. Just shut up Just shut up, ok? My son, my mom, and you are all dead to me. There was this priest I think he was a priest and he was dusting the crche and I was holding the baby Jesus and he kept going on and on about Bianca, faith, and hope, whatever. And that stubby old man almost conned me. He told me that faith could beat, cover my bases, give it a shot. I tried and I sucked at it, so I tried harder, and then I I felt this tingle like maybe it was true, maybe faith was enough, and I would come back here and I would find Bianca awake. I believed. I believed and what do I have to show for it? Absolutely nothing, and this is the last time that I get played for a sucker. Ok. Kendall, that that tingle, did it feel wrong? Fake? No, it felt right. It felt right enough for me to trust it. Ok. You need to hold on to that, Kendall. You need to keep praying and keep believing. Isn't that what Bianca would have you do? David? David, please tell me you have a drug, something new. Just tell me there's been a change. I can't. Kendall, Kendall, wait. leave it out here. If you take anything into that room, you take in your faith. Oh. I guess this is about the worst day this house ever saw. I'm so sorry, J.R. Care to join me? Hmm? We could break out Bess' sippy cups. Guess she's not going to ever use those again. Son? Cheers To Adam, Sr ., a man willing to cut his own son's heart out. Wow, this is a mighty big bottle. I bet you I could think of all sorts of ways to toast you tonight. J.R ., I don't I don't think I ever really understood until I saw that tunnel you built just how much you loved that little girl. You mean how much you love me? Yes. And just how far you'd go to keep her. And even though I was terrified that I'd never see you again, why you tried to hand Bess over to them, took her for a DNA test, lied to my face about it? You said you were making up with Stuart, but you were too busy slicing me up What'd you let them do to her anyway? Let them swab her cheek? No, no, you know what? Let's just say they took her blood. It's more poetic that way, don't you think? She bled and I bleed. J.R ., you have to understand No, go ahead, Judas Count up your 30 silver pieces. Listen to it clink, clink, clink in the palm of your hand. And then, you tell me, Dad. Was it worth it to you to betray me? God. So, for New Year's, I was thinking big like Paris or Rio or or Italy, with that big family honeymoon that Mom and Jack keep dangling in front of us quiet. We could do you and me on the sofa, popcorn and old movies. Or we could you know, we could we could bundle up in front of a fire down on the beach, set off some firecrackers and have some what are those things? The some mores? S'mores. Hmm? Could he be more British? You got to help me Yankify him, Binks. I can't do it alone. Hi. Excuse me doctor's privilege. Yeah. You see that? We we are being very polite here. We're not even fighting over you, even though we want to. See you later, Binks. Yeah. And the S'mores are on me, ok? No. Kendall? What's the matter? We waited last March for Miranda. We waited and we prayed just like this. And when the elevator doors opened, we saw we knew that she I can't be here. I've got to go Hey, Kendall (Elevator-bell-dings) We have a miracle. We have Miranda. Bianca's baby is alive. I'm not the enemy, son. That's a good one, Dad. I've never in my life loved anyone more, wanted more for them. Hmm more pain, more suffering, more loss. Great job. I would never turn my back on you. You have to know that. But it was too late. Too many people knew the truth about the child. I know this is a terrible loss for you. You took the one thing, the most perfect, beautiful thing in my life away from me. Bess was able to give me things that you never could love, trust. I was always worthy. She gave me the world and you took it away from me. Babe lied to you. I know how much . Oh, like hell she wasn't From the day that she was born, I was all that she ever needed Like she gave a damn about some test. I was her father. No, you weren't. You had a child, a boy, a son, who was lost. We can create a tribute to him, a legacy, bigger than Get out I am so sorry. You know, I'm I'm not very good at this, but I'm going to try. Let me help you, son, to get through this. Don't you call me " son. " I don't have a father anymore. I don't have anyone. And I asked you to leave. Is it really Miranda? It is. You're all just going to have to be patient because it's a long, sad, amazing story, but what's important is that baby Montgomery. But I met Babe and her baby. It looked exactly like the baby Erica's holding. There's a reason for that, Lily. But, trust me, it's Miranda. Jackson and Erica have the DNA results to prove it. That's Bianca's daughter. All this time, Bianca's baby was alive. Unbelievable. Would you explain this insanity? Look, look, it started about a year ago the night of the flood when Paul Cramer supposedly flew in to rescue the girls. After the crash, he intentionally put the baby in the wrong arms and gave Son of a I know, I know. Look, the only thing that matters right now is that we put Miranda back where she belongs and that's with her mother. Oh. All we can do is hope and pray. Excuse me. I don't know Doesn't make sense. What if that baby it's over. It's done Bianca's baby is back where she belongs. It's not over yet, not for Bianca or for us. Tad Ryan, do me a favor. Give me a minute, ok? At the christening, you said that you ran a DNA test and the baby was Bess. I screwed up. I'm sorry, the test was wrong. Well, what about this one? Is someone going to say that this one is screwed up? Will J.R. take away the baby? No. Nobody's ever going to take Miranda away from Bianca ever again. This was clean, legal, correct. J.R. won't fight it because he knows there's no chance he'd win if he tried. How can Bess Chandler be Miranda? I'll explain it to you later, but but it's all true. Right now, we need to get Miranda to her mother ahead, honey. Erica, I've been trying to reach you. Bianca's breathing has become increasingly labored, and we have to make a decision about putting her on a respirator. No. No, we're we're running out of time here. We just need a little more time, please. Please, Maria. Honey? She's here. Your baby. Open your eyes and see your beautiful baby, your Miranda. Can you hear her, honey? Isn't it the sweetest sound you've ever heard? Yes, touch your baby. Touch her, honey. Come on. Here. Yes. Yes, is this the softest thing you've ever felt? Ok. It's ok now. Honey, you don't have to leave us to get to Miranda. We've brought Miranda to you. Isn't it funny? Nothing you do or think to do surprises me. But Krystal I really thought watching her. She just found out that Bess wasn't her family that she lost a grandchild and she didn't seem that upset. Why is that? Does she not crack open her emotions for public viewing? What is it you want exactly? I'm trying to understand you people, that's all. It's true, baby. It's a miracle. It's the one you wished for deep down in your heart. Miranda is here and she feels so good and so strong and so beautiful, just like you. Open your eyes and and look at your beautiful baby, honey. Miranda is back, honey, and she's here for you. But you have to be here for her. She needs you, honey, yes. She needs you so much. And you feel that, don't you? You feel that. Open your eyes, Bianca. Open your eyes, Bianca. Open them I have bossed you around going to stop now, honey. Your daughter needs you. Do you hear me? Bianca, open your eyes and say, " Yes, Mom, I hear you. And yes, I see my beautiful baby girl. " Sweetheart No, I'm talking to Bianca and she hears me. She knows Miranda is here and there is nobody who can take care of this baby like she can. This baby deserves to have her mother. Bianca is her mother, and Bianca knows that she wants to be with her and there for her, her baby girl, for the rest of her life. That's what mommies do, and you know that, honey. That's why you took this baby from the nursery do you remember? Because you heard Miranda crying and you knew in your heart, you knew in your heart that she was yours. You knew that you wanted to be there and take care of your precious little girl. Bianca? Miranda come back for her. How is he? He's still upstairs in the nursery. He just he needs time, time and love and and everything else we can give him. My son lost his child and I lost my son. There's nothing right about this day. Music-box-plays- " You-Are-My 2-Sunshine " Mona, you clever darling, you did it. You got them to find Miranda, and now all your girls are together at last. Joe? Tell us something, Joe, anything. Yeah, as long as it's good. I'm on my way to find out now. Excuse me. Please, God. You got to make this work. I can't lose any more family. Bianca has to wake up. All right? Bianca? Miranda is your baby, and I know you want to hold her and love her and keep her safe. you. Yes. Can you feel her? Can you feel how warm and how strong she is? Oh, Grandma would be so proud. She's our littlest Kane woman. She's amazing. Open your eyes, honey. Open your eyes and look at your beautiful baby girl. Miranda needs her mommy. She wants to share Christmas with you. Oh Yes Yes, sweetheart, open your eyes. Look at your baby, look at Miranda. Yes, honey, open your eyes. Bianca? Yes. Oh, sweetheart, yes Yes Yes, sweetheart It's ok. Miranda? Yes, baby. Your Miranda. Yes, honey Your baby. Oh 
Ok, what'd I bust up? Well, nothing worth rehashing. Kendall was just Throwing herself at you again. You don't have to test him for me anymore, Kendall. He passed with flying colors. I wasn't throwing myself at your husband. Then what were you doing? I told Dorothy that you would schedule another family counseling appointment. Thanks. How's Maddie doing? She's convinced that I'm Satan and locked in her room. Oh, boy. Yeah. Well, I'm hoping that she'll calm down when we bring Sammy home. Yeah, but we have to find him first. Shouldn't be too hard. I think I know where he is. Did I make your brain explode or something? Why, was the smoke coming out of my ears a dead giveaway? And your eyes were doing 360s. and Kelsey? My mom just told me they're my biological parents. But Bobby bailed, so I want to live with you, be part of my real family. I am a Martin. We're blood. You can't say no. Mmm, mmm, mmm you could have it all, Jamie. With Pheebs' big bucks, you could pay the decades of tuition it would take you to become a doctor with one tiny, perfect condition. You have to shake Babe. Did Phoebe have you nailed, or what? I am so sorry. This is insane I love a good message from beyond. I'm dying to hear Phoebe's last words for me. Be careful what you wish for. Read on, sir. Read on. What's with the shifty eye lock? Were you guys talking about me? I was just telling Kendall how much, and how we're working through things, and that we don't need her help. You got a problem with that? Are you going to tell her the rest, or should I? I don't know who you are or what you want But you'll never get away with this Put me down Aah Jack What in God's name are you doing? I'm kidnapping you. You can't kidnap me I already have. Well, then turn this boat around No, you listen to me This second and take me home I have put 17 years into loving you. I'm not going to walk away now, not without a fight. So you may as well make yourself comfortable. You're kidding, right? Well, I tried to spruce things up a bit. I tried to make Oh, Miranda and and Lily and well, it's very sweet. It's almost endearing. Except this kidnapping thing. How dare you try to terrorize me I'm not intimidated, and I'm certainly not amused. Well, I didn't expect you to be. Well, then what on God's green earth do you expect? An apology. I should apologize to you? Ok, fine. I'm really sorry that you've turned into such a an arrogant lunatic. Not exactly what I had in mind. Well, it's all you're going to get, because I have nothing to be sorry for. Except, you know what? I do regret ever trusting you. Somebody, help me I'm kidnapped Erica Let me out of here Honey, honey, shh. Shush. Save your breath. Ok? The crew and completely in privacy. The only way that door opens is if I say so. Have you lost it? If you think that's bad (Foghorn-blows) At this very moment, we are sailing down the coast, and we will continue to sail down the coast until you and I have had this out, and I decide if it's time to call it quits. We did, I did we talked I talked more about than just what you mean to me. Well, that would have been the only topic I needed, but ok. I'm listening. I tried to get it through to Kendall that I would do anything that I have to do to make sure nobody else gets hurt from the Lavery legacy. Especially you. I won't be. I totally trust you. You know that. You know, I don't believe you. Kendall can leave, because I didn't ask you to come here and stick your nose in my business. Ryan, this is not all about you, ok? My mother is throwing her life away, because Jack got involved in your stupid mess. Exactly why everyone should stay out of our lives. We don't need help. Really? You believe that? Then you need a straitjacket. For the record, I didn't sic her on you this time. I didn't think you did. Don't talk about me like I'm a poodle. Roll over and play dead, and I'll stop. You sat up and begged for my help just a few days ago. Big mistake. Yeah, well, it wasn't a big mistake when I got you proof that your husband loved you. Yeah, but like always, you don't know when quits when it comes to Ryan. Am I right? Is Sam with you? You got it. How is he? Oh, he's a little worked up, but more or less in one piece. Did he tell you all that's He filled me in, all right. Is he looking for Kelsey? No, actually, he informed me that he wants to live with me. What? Which was pretty much my reaction. Oh, good God. I'll come get him, ok? No, no, things are getting crazy around here. I'll bring him to you. You sure? You don't mind? Not a bit. I'll see you in a minute. Thanks. Maria? Yes, otherwise known as your mother. Not really. home to Wildwind. Well, not my home, either. Sam, this is nuts. You can't wake up one morning and decide you're going to be a Martin. I didn't decide. I didn't even get a vote. I'm the unsuspecting kid here. Look, everybody knows you've been through a lot, but moving in with me is not going to make things easier for you. Then help me find Kelsey. I'll go live with her. No, I am taking you home to Wildwind. Ooh, ooh, deja vu. No choice again. We are going to go discuss this with your mother, and then we're going to decide where you're going to land. Come on. " And I believe J.R ., more than anyone, knows what a dreadful mistake Jamie made getting involved with Babe. " Amen, Pheebs still loves his brother. " I do, Jamie. Deep down inside, I do. " Which is why I'm putting him in charge of Jamie's trust. " What? Is this a real will or some kind of joke? I never thought she would stoop to do something like this. There are additional directives. Well, don't keep me salivating. " J.R. must monitor his brother. When he's certain that Jamie has dumped that floozy, he may release Jamie's funds and open doors for him at all the best schools with my personal letters. But not one second before Babe is banished from his life. " Oh, God, I'm so sorry. You have nothing to be sorry for. Well, that's debatable. Someone else saw Babe for the loser that she is and actually did something about it. God bless Aunt to hell And say hi to Aunt Phoebe, because after this she just might be down there. Hey, look, it's 10 past time for Kendall to get out, go mess with somebody else's marriage. Go on. Why, when she's having so much fun making us miserable. I'm not the bad guy here, Cruella. If the Prada fits You have no idea what's going on with your husband, Greenlee. And you do? Of course, she doesn't. Well, I like how the two of you think you're so in tune. I like how you think you know more about our marriage than we do. Oh, you'd be surprised, honey. You have history with Ryan, but he's a completely different person now. And this is a completely different relationship. We have no secrets. Greenlee and I have talked everything through, Kendall. Oh. Well, whew, what a relief. Well, then I guess you told Greenlee all about your little visit to the doctor's office. Greenlee knows that I went to see a doctor. I'm the one who told you about it. Yeah, well, your version didn't quite mesh with his. Why? What happened? I just haven't had a chance to fill you in. He clarified a few things, and he actually made me feel much better. So what's the problem? There is no problem. Kendall just doesn't seem to understand that I'm focused on my marriage. And your future family? You know Ryan isn't ready to talk about having kids. Yep, I'm super clear on that one. You're not telling me anything that . Kendall, Greenlee and I are working this out together, alone. Yeah, I'm cool putting the baby decision on hold. I was wrong to push you about it in the first place. You're not the only one who's done things wrong. Ok, Kendall #, just leave it alone, all right? If we need a marriage counselor, we'll find somebody with a license. Yeah, and one with one successful relationship under their belt. In other words, get out and butt out. Ok. Well, I wish you all the best with your new and improved, totally honest relationship. Hmm. You know, correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't we break up over the whole trust thing? It's good to see that's not an issue with you and Greenlee. I thought you might have worked up a bit of an appetite trying to fight me penne puttanesca. Go ahead, enjoy. You want some dessert with that? No, don't even think about that I can hardly think of anything else. I'm not going to stoop that low. No, but you would stoop low enough to put on a ski mask and threaten a defenseless woman. Defenseless? You? Never. Kidnapping the height of sophistication. Thank you. I'm not going to put up with this tyranny. You will put up with this until you apologize to me, at which point I will decide if it's worth continuing this relationship. And why do you get to decide? You're the one who's to blame for what's happened to us No. No, Erica. You loved me until I wouldn't obey your every order. I never even gave you any orders time you bark. Well, I never signed out for that, and I never will. Sam wants to completely cut on me. He wants to go live with Tad. Just it's right now, today. You know, not forever. You know, I knew that this was going to happen someday. I knew he'd want to know who his biological parents were. And I really thought that I don't know I really thought I'd be able to sit him down and explain to him why Bobby and Kelsey had to give him up, and that he would understand it, that he would accept it. And I obviously I blew it. No, he's in a bad place right now. He's just acting out. Well, yeah, teenagers act out, but this is not that. This is so much more than that. He just lost his father. He has absolutely him. You know what? You need to stop blaming yourself. Quit going backwards. You need time, and he needs some time. But away from each other? Look I mean, even if he does come back here, he's not going to spend five minutes in this house with me. He's not going to be gone for good. He loves you too much. I know that he does. He used to. You know, when he was little, he used to always tell me he used to always tell me that I was his best friend. Now I look at him, and I just look for any little glimmer of affection, anything. Nothing. It's hate. That's all I ever see. Maybe I should go? No, you wanted to be a Martin? Stick around. Jamie, try not to get angry. One way or No, it's already solved. My mind is made up. If you take this deal, you can get into medical school. You can start your own country practice, do some research, or whatever your doctorly heart desires. You really won the lottery here. You know, it doesn't say anything in that will about breaking your face. J.R ., you don't hold all the cards. You're not the only one who can write checks and pull strings. But why fight it when he can just go for the gold? Aunt Phoebe has offered you a second chance. Come on, it's just a matter of time before you wise up and see Babe for the dishrag that she really is. Cut your losses. Go for the loot. You call her one more name, and you lose all your teeth. Cut the act, J.R. You know, you don't give a have a legal and moral obligation to follow all instructions on this will. Isn't that right? Please, J.R. Jamie, let's talk. You agree to be the executor? Definitely. You know what? Sign me up. Sue me if I don't follow through on all my duties. But one thing that I don't understand is how long I have to wait till after Jamie leaves Babe before I can sign the check. This reeks of you. You took advantage of Aunt Phoebe when she was sick, got her to put in that lame demand about Babe. I would love to take the credit, because this is inspired. But I haven't had connection with Aunt Phoebe in years. Yeah, like I believe you. Jamie, can we discuss this in private? Are you coming over to my side, Brooke? I will never be on your side, 're not on Babe's side, either. Look at that. The anti-Babe association is growing so fast. Maybe we should get some T-shirts. Can I use the money for that? I'm not taking this deal, Mom. Can we just talk? Honey, I had no idea that you wanted to be a doctor. Come on, James, make your mother proud for a change. Stop sacrificing your life for this piece of trash Whoa, easy. This was Phoebe's decision. Beating him to a pulp is not going to prove anything. Oh, but think how much I'd enjoy it. No. It's time for you to make your decision. Whatever that is, with the money or without it, I'm behind you 100%. No matter what? As long as it doesn't involve turning him into hamburger. Uh, Tad, I'm just going not. I told you, I'm taking you home. Go ahead, I can handle this. I'll talk to you as soon as I get back from Wildwind. All right, listen up, because I'm only going to say this once more. I loved Aunt Phoebe, but I will not will not accept her pathetic excuse for a will. Don't do it, Jamie. Don't give up the money. Where's the fire? Grab a bottle of champagne and your car keys. We are driving to the nearest justice of the peace. Tonight is our wedding night. Ryan-'s-voice I'm dead serious, Greenlee. I want a divorce. Greenlee-'s-voice No, we love each other. We've survived so much. This is the easy part. This is where we get to breathe again and hold each other and and be glad that we made it. You 're the man who promises that everything is going to be all right, and you make it happen. Kendall-'s-voice Ryan, Greenlee has dreamed of having your children ever since I can remember, and now you're snatching that dream away from her and she doesn't even know it. Jack-'s-voice Play house. Make babies. And what happens to Greenlee then, huh? What happens to those children? Greenlee-'s-voice You know what I want. Do you want it, too? Ryan-'s-voice I'll tell her when it's done, and if she wants to leave me, so be it. Not only did I gag out the words " love " and " stepmother " in the same sentence, but I told my dad I forgave him for interfering in our lives. I called Kendall " sister. " Do you have any idea what sort of willpower that took? It's a wonder I didn't go into spasms. Jack and Erica are both stubborn. No. You catch any of that? Kendall wasn't trying to cause trouble just now. How'd Grizelda get back in the mix? She just wanted me to be honest with you about what happened at the doctor's appointment. Ryan, we don't have to go into that right now. Yeah, we do. I told this doctor that I couldn't risk bringing a child into this world. There's no way I'm taking the money, Babe. Aunt Phoebe was wrong about everything. And J.R. in control of my future? Don't make me sick. She just wanted us to kiss and make up, little brother. Oh, there's not enough money in the world to make that happen. This is not just about the money. Exactly. We only want the best for you, Jamie. Oh, in what parallel universe . Yeah. That, too. I'm staying with Babe. Go with my aunt's plan B for the money. I'm out. Jamie, can we discuss your other options first? There's nothing to discuss. Whatever happens to the money now is Mr. Chandler's decision. He's in charge of the trust. Sweet Maybe I shouldn't break you two up. Now, what could I do with all of that money? Jamie, I don't want you to do anything rash. Let me talk to Livia first. No, no, there's no need, Mom. Aunt Phoebe may have interfered in your life, but she's not going to do it in mine. I don't want the inheritance. I need to talk to you alone. She's going to work you over, man. No, I'm going hell out of here Look, do whatever you want. It's your life. I've got no bad options in this scenario. God bless you, Aunt Phoebe. Uh, let's leave you two alone to talk. I am so sorry that she's putting you through this, both of you. I walked into this room today with no money. How much does my life change if I walk out the same way? Honey, there are other ways around this, and we will solve it. I am almost ready to take J.R. on myself. I'll handle him. All right, see you guys later. How could you ask me to take the money over you? You had a dream, and you gave it up for me. Greenlee, I know that it's been very difficult dealing with my decision no kids. No, but selfish of me to pressure you into starting a family right away after everything you've been through with your brothers. I mean, you still have so much to deal with. I'm taking a very big first step. You are, and it's great that you're going to see a doctor, you're talking to someone about your problems. Count on me to stick by you through it all no matter how long it takes. I just want you to be happy again. That is the goal. Yeah, and you're on the right track. Hopefully one day you'll come to realize that you're not twisted like your father or your brothers, and our children won't be, either, because they'll have parents like us. Greenlee, that's Ryan, Ryan, everything is going to work out the way it's supposed to for us. I really, really believe that. Please I'm not asking you to sign on for anything anymore. The wedding is off, remember? So if you'll just kindly let me out of here, I won't have to pull out my pepper spray. You can do it, Erica. I know it's a lot to ask, but you can do it just this once. Use my pepper spray? Well, I certainly know just where to aim it. Admit you were wrong. Me, wrong? Yes, you, wrong, Erica. You were wrong to turn on me days before our wedding. You were wrong to think that I would do everything your way, and you were so wrong to use our future together as a stick to give me a beating with. You know something? I think it's time that you start to own what you did that went so wrong. Such as what? For starters did to Maddie all those years ago. I mean, that was a really low blow. And then you tried to come between Ryan and Greenlee wrong. You keep me locked up in here until you get your way? Wrong. And you know what? Assuming that I really do want a yes man how wrong can you be? Well, you act like that's exactly what you're looking for. You know what I'm looking for? I'm looking for support, but I'm not getting any. Kidnapping is not support. And meanwhile, my daughter is moving closer and closer to marrying Zach Slater. You don't think she needs to be stopped? Of course. I don't want to see Kendall marry Zach Slater. Well, you wouldn't know that from the way you've been acting. I mean, I've been forced to handle things on my own. I've been forced to resort did you do now, Erica? I had to offer to marry Zach Slater in Kendall's place. I'm ready, groom. This is it. I swear on a stack of bibles. Yeah? Ten bucks says you don't have one bible. Ok, well, whatever doubts I had about marrying for business, forget about it. It's gone, it's kaput. It has been now proven on all fronts that coupling for love sucks. What fronts are these now? Oh, take your pick. A little hint, maybe? I don't know. Well, let's see there's Ethan and me, but I'm sure you don't want to hear those gory details. No. Yeah, ok. Then there's Jack and my mother. They love each other so much that they decided to have a mutual psychotic break. Then, Hey. Yeah, yeah, I know don't go there. And of course, last but not least, there is Ryan and Greenlee. I just came from those two, and if Ryan stays on the track that he's on, and his wife finds out, she's going to go ballistic. They're going to sign divorce papers before the ink dries on our marriage license. So, what did Lavery do to screw up this time? Does it matter? The point is love equals anguish. It's not worth it. Screw " love, honor, and cherish. " I want I want vows that stand for money, power, and revenge. Can I say something? You still love my son. So? You still love Maria. But we don't stand a chance. Maybe we never did. But you and Ethan you could have a future together, maybe even from me. Ok, see, I don't like this noble Zach. Bring back Zach the avenger. I'm not being noble. I'm just trying to make you understand what's at stake here. I mean, if you push Ethan away for good I don't give a damn about Ethan. No? You going to be that flip when he looks at you as if he wants to tear your heart out? Because he will hate you, Kendall. Are you prepared for it? Don't worry. I'll be there to help you get through it. How's it going, Zach? Kendall #. Junior. Give us a second. The grown-ups are talking. Now, you be nice to my lover. What? No high five for helping to screw over your son? Yeah, see, the thing is if we do get married, I wo marrying for business, so a girl has to satisfy her needs somehow. And lucky for you, I am in an ultrasatisfying mood. Would you like to take this inside? Um, you know what? Why don't you wait for me inside there you go and I will tie up the loose ends with my fianc. By the way, if you need somebody to stand up for you at your wedding, I'm available. I knew you had bad taste in men, but at least they were men. This is ridiculous. All right, you know what? You're jealous. No, no, you can teach whoever you want whenever you want, but just so we understand that this open marriage policy applies to both of us. No, no, that's cool. I'm down with that. Anyone I know? Uh Oh, come on, shouldn't keep secrets from each other. Come on. You're right. I did have one proposal. Really? Wow. Who's the lucky lady? Your mom asked me to marry her. I didn't have a lot of options. So you propose that Slater marry you? I mean, this is a sick joke, right? I mean, this is your way of getting back at me for kidnapping you, right? You did not really offer yourself to Zach Slater? Yes, I did, to keep him away from Kendall #. You've really outdone yourself, Erica. Really, you have. Well, he didn't take me up on it. I mean, he knew that, as his wife, I would grind him into the dust. I need to get some air. I need to put some distance between you and me, so I wo my life. Jack? No. Hey, Jack Jack You can't leave me in here Jack Jackson Montgomery, you let me off this boat I'm going to go check on Maddie. Just holler if you need me. Thanks for bringing him home. No problem. Except this isn't my home. What? This isn't my home anymore. Not really. I want to be with my real family. This is your real family. I am your mother. No, you're not. Tad's niece Kelsey is. There's a lot more to being someone's mother than just giving birth. Kelsey never even got a chance to raise me. Maybe she wants to. You know what? She missed out on a pretty incredible experience, because raising you was the delight of my life. your mother. If you don't want me to live with you, can you help me find Bobby or Kelsey so I can live with one of them? Sammy, Bobby and Kelsey gave you up, because they knew they couldn't give you the kind of life that Edmund and Maria could. Look around you. You grew up with a good home in a great family. You got the whole package. Not a great package anymore. If no one's going to help me find them, I'll do it on my own. Hey. Let's say you do find them. You honestly think that all your problems are going to be over then? You've known you were adopted for years, but you never talked about finding your biological parents before. Did you ever think about literally trying to track them down and live with them before now? No, because you've been happy here. You never dreamed about walking away 's because years ago I didn't know what kind of person she was. Ok, so, be honest. This isn't about being adopted. This is about being angry with your mother. Would you stop calling her that? Look, I know that you're I've made mistakes. I accept that, I accept the blame. I get that you're mad, and I understand that. But, come on, don't give up on don't give up. Please? I love you, Sam. I really I love you more than life. Are we done now? No. Don't do it. Don't cut and run because of rage. Face your problems. Stick around and deal with them. A doctor? Yeah. I thought about it for a while, but And I know why you didn't tell me. Because it 've let you get involved with me and take all those risks in the first place. I wouldn't have let you kidnap little Adam or even go on the run with us. Babe, I would've done it no matter what. Jamie, you have given up so much for us, taken so many risks. How can I let you give up more? And I can make it all happen. Just give me some time. How? J.R. has made sure that no college will accept you. I can find a school under J.R .' s radar. You wouldn't have to fight J.R. if you would just accept Phoebe's offer. Her pull it could open up all these doors that J.R. has slammed shut. Do you realize that you could write your own ticket without ever even having to worry about the cost? I don't care about the money. Jamie hand to mouth. It's not so bad. Is that why you threw a wrench across the apartment? I was having a bad day. And your aunt has made a way for you to change all that. This is what she was talking about when she said " the gift " before she passed away. She made it so easy for you, Jamie. Yeah, easy? Easy? This money isn't free, Babe. It would cost me you. She might as well have asked me to rip out my heart. I know how much you love me. And I feel the exact same way, but you have to promise me that you'll at least think about your great-aunt's offer. No, no, there's nothing to think about. Yes, there is. You can't give up your dream. You know what? I know where you're headed consider Stop. Seriously consider Phoebe's offer and walking away from me. You got to stop all this crazy talk about becoming a Martin. You are Samuel Grey, and that's something to be damn proud of. I just don't feel that way anymore. He doesn't hate you. I know he doesn't. He's just angry and confused. I don't know, he seemed pretty clearheaded to me. He wants to connect with his real clan. Well, if he does, then he's going to have to get by me, because I'm officially signing on as the Martin family rep. Until he works through this, he can count on me and so can you. Thank you. Do you need to sit down? Any any chance that I heard you wrong? No, uh-uh would not tie the knot with you. Well, she's losing her mind. I had to turn her down, if it makes any difference. Oh, well, thank God. Because you're the only one for me. Great. Ok, well, then let's hurry up and get this done before my mother tries to marry you off to someone else. That's not a reason really. Hello Zach, this is what you wanted. It is, but I want you to consider the fallout. Yes, I secure my niece's place with Cambias, and I help get your casinos back to life. Ok, yep, I'm up to speed. Yeah, those are the perks. Now the downside. If we do marry, you don't just cut all ties to Ethan. You create an enemy for life. I know you loved the with me. Just listen. Let it sink in. And if you are ready for that kind of hatred, then we'll talk about ceremonies and cans on cars and rice and stuff. Bye. You think too much. What's going on in that brain of yours? I just have Greenlee on my mind. Something good, I hope. If " I love you " is good. That qualifies. I'm not sure you know how much you mean to me. You're all I have now. You're all I ever want. I'll settle for that. Every decision that I make, every move that I make is for you for your happiness, to protect you. I'm doing all this for our marriage, so that we can be together for as long as we both live and breathe. You truly are my life. Now you have for you. Erica. Erica? Erica? You Erica? 
That's completely nuts. Drop it. Your Aunt Phoebe, her connections, her money it could be a great life for you. And end us. That can't be what you really want, Babe. I want you to have what you deserve. Damn it, Babe, do I have to name everything we went through to be together, to maybe have a shot at getting little Adam back some day? You gave up your dream for me, a dream that I never even knew existed. Being a doctor that's your future. No, you're my future, my whole future, you and little Adam. No, I'm not. I can't be. Ok. All right. What are you after? I'm glad that you asked. Clearer? No? Maybe I should translate. No, I want to hear it hear you say yes. To you or to Zach? To both. It's open. May I come in? Of course you can. Erica. Erica? Erica? You Erica? No, no, no, no, no. Erica? Erica Captain, you've got someone overboard Erica, hang on, I'm coming Jack? Jack Jackson, no Jack? Jack, I didn't mean to make you oh. Made you look. Oh, how juvenile. And I suppose your little trick was, what, sophisticated, mature? Whatever. So I guess we're even. Guess again. I tossed the plant out the window. You? I threw a deck chair over the rail. You sounded terrified. even pretend No, no, no, now, you listen to me. This little trick of mine proved one thing. I know you better than anybody else, because I knew without any doubt that you would never, ever, ever jump overboard. Well, I might if you keep this up. On the other hand, you were quite sure I'd taken the plunge. I was not. Yes, you were, too. You were freaked out. You thought I was out there flailing in those dark waves, drowning trying to save you. Well, I was worried a little. A lot. Because you love me. And you love me. So. What do we do now? Well, the facts of this case are clear. Despite both sides presenting evidence to the contrary, we love each other. That makes the verdict quite clear. We're college because of me. J.R. screwed me over. Because of me. And you can't get into a college, and you can't find a better job, and we can't live in a nice apartment all because of me. We're fine, Babe. We're fine. My mother n prison, where I should be, and because of me, my son is being raised in that Chandler mausoleum by J.R. and some strange woman. I have done enough damage to last 12 lifetimes, and I am sick of it. Why dig all this up? Nothing has changed for us from this morning except that Aunt Phoebe's sick joke of a will ticked me off. Jamie, I really think you should consider this offer. You want to prove that Aunt Phoebe's right, that money is all that matters to you? You know me better than that. Yeah I wouldn't kiss you off for any amount of money. And I don't want to be with a man who's going to end up resenting me or even hating me, because I ruined his life. You have so much potential, Jamie. Please don't just throw away your aunt's offer. If I thought for a second - All right, flag on the play pushing. Can I help it if you make me crazy? Well, try. Isn't there an old expression about keeping the barn door closed? After you've gotten the milk for free? J.R ., we promised we were just going to enjoy each other and sleep together, no strings. I don't see any strings. You see strings? I don't see strings. Ok, well, when you tell me what to do, it's more like a rope tied into a leash, you know what gear shift. I'll stop trying to be the man to make love to you, and I'll be your friend, only for a few minutes, but so get down with me, friend. How can I help? Take off. You need space? From you, definitely. Oh. What is this, is this rejection? The one man who only wants what's best for you, the man who would keep the barn door wide open? The man who turned down Ethan's offer to give me back Chandler Enterprises if I'd leave you alone? Um, I feel like I owe you something. No, you don't owe me anything. You've been very honest with me, and I really want to repay that. Do you want a drink or something? Oh, God, no. Thank you, though. I've You found Sam? Yeah. Yeah, we did, with a little help. I'm sorry I couldn't hold on to him at the airport. No, are you kidding? You were so helpful with Maddie. It was thank you. So they're ok? Physically, yeah. We've got a lot of work, a lot of work. Well, I wish I could help in some way. Yeah, fortunately, Tad's been very supportive. That's been That's good, then. Good. Um, there is Um There's, you know, something that you can do for us. I'll do anything just as long as it doesn't involve Sam or Maddie. Those kids hate me. Yeah, but you're not to blame for any of that, and that's one of Why don't we just cut through this and just tell me what you came here to say? I've been expecting it. You came to say good-bye. And it's time it's past time that I got out of your lives forever, for Sam and for Maddie, and, you know, I should've done that a long time ago. When I saw Sam in jail, he was suffering. He was confused about his dad. Yeah, but you did what you thought was right. You told him that his dad was a really good guy, that he was a hero. Yeah, I screwed this all up, didn't I? No, no, I it's not your fault. I let this happen. And no one can get past this not you, Sam, Maddie, not while I'm here to keep the wounds open. That's the bottom line. You problems long before you ever came to Pine Valley. And I made it harder for you. Sam and Maddie both knew that Edmund and I had hit some rough patches, and they knew you just ended up being the scapegoat. Come on. Where's all that honesty you promised? Really, the kids knew that Edmund and I were both changing, that my marriage was deteriorating. Blaming you that was just the easy way. I deserved it. No, no. I failed my marriage, and I failed my kids. I'm ashamed of myself, I'm ashamed of Edmund. But you I'm really proud of you. Ethan offered you Chandler Enterprises? Yeah. I get the family business back if I said " Sayonara, Kendall. " But you refused the offer? I didn't like the deal points. I told him to stuff it. about this whole thing is the fact that he thought that if I took him up on the deal that he'd get you back that way. I told Ethan I would only marry him if he turned over all of Cambias to Zach, and he refused. So on Ethan's love scale, you're worth Chandler Enterprises, but all of Cambias is " no way "? Sounds like it. You see, the good news is, is that Ethan doesn't care if we slept together. I don't know, he thinks that I'm controlling you and that if I get out of the way, that you'll just jump right back into his bed. You aren't the roadblock to that. Doomed to love each other, wedding or no wedding. Kidnapping or no kidnapping. But what action do we take for the long haul? You could apologize. So could . I did not start but I'm big enough to start this, ok? I apologize. Well, you have to be more specific. I apologize for the crack I made about you holding on to Maddie when she was a baby. Erica, that was not just a low blow, it was in the dirt. That was way over the line. That was horrible. Yeah, that's why it was, and that's why I'm apologizing. I'm very, very sorry I ever said that. And you should be. Apology accepted. Thank you. The " sorry " ball's in your court. I'm sorry about Zach. I never should have tried to get him to marry me, but I was desperate to save Kendall. And I wanted to get back at you, and I regret it. You mean you're sorry? those words is so petty. I know what that cost you. Apology accepted. Jack? Yeah, go ahead. Anytime. It's your turn. I don't have anything else to apologize for. Well, you're either kidding or you have a severe memory problem. You have nothing else to apologize for? Allow me to fill you in. Greenlee and Ryan, meddling in their marriage? I am not going to apologize for caring about my daughter. And I'm not going to apologize for caring about mine. Fine. Fine. Oh, God. Maybe Kendall was right. About what? What did Kendall say? Our children are mostly grown up, so they should be allowed to screw up. Like us. Exactly like us. Well you know what, she may have a point. I mean, driving each other crazy? Exactly. Wow. We haven't been very smart about this, have we? I'll go so far as to say we've been downright dumb. You know what they say " Don't ever try to teach a pig to sing. You'll only waste your time and Irritate the pig. " Exactly. So from here on out, Greenlee's and Kendall's lives are their own. And our lives are our own? Yeah, we just stay out of it. Right? It's too simple. It'll never work I thought Ethan knew me. Look I don't want you worrying about Ethan giving me Chandler Enterprises. What fun would that be? I want to take it from him. I want to pry his greedy fingers off it, hit him when he least expects it, get Chandler back with your help,, you need to really relax. These knots you're going to go into spasm if you're not careful. I'll be fine. There's no doubt about that. You're the strongest woman I've ever known. Spectacular. No, J.R. Yes, you are. No, I mean stop. My life is complicated enough. I'm here to reduce the stress, not add to it. All right, well, then level with me. Are you falling for me J.R ., I guess there is no use in denying it. I have fallen madly, head-over-heels, crazily in lust with you. In fact, thinking our previous encounter makes me incredibly hot. But as far as love? That's for the nave and the mentally challenged, and I thought that we agreed that love is for suckers. Yeah. So Ethan doesn't he didn't care forgive you like that, if he hasn't already. But he won't forgive me if I marry Zach. Will Ethan forgive you, will he not why do you even care? I made plenty of mistakes. You didn't get yourself here on your own. No, but it's too bad I'm the only one who can get myself out. Yeah, it's too bad. And you, you're so damned honorable. Oh. That's what you think, huh? Yeah, well, you have your own strange kind of code of honor, you stick to it, so I appreciate all that you are. You have very peculiar tastes. I'll just keep that our little secret. Why are we always saying good-bye, for God's sake? This is like good-bye deja vu. And every time, it just it hurts more, hospital when I found out that you and Kendall were thinking about getting married It's not there's not No, na, la, la, la. You know what, I don't want to hear it. It's none of my business. I don't want to know. So whatever's between you and Kendall's just she's very lucky, ok? She's a lucky girl. But don't think that it's it's not the same. You know what, actually, this is not really deja vu because it's - it's sort of different this time. I mean, because we're not saying goodbye because of Edmund or you or me. I have to focus on my kids. I have to fight for my kids right now. Maddie and Sam have got to come before anything else. I took what you said seriously. I had to ride a while don't if you really going to like it, it's the only to go. Get the idea? Yes. Screw the money. It means nothing. But you I thought for a second you'd listened to me. Oh, I listened. But I could never follow through with something that meant living without you. And you're sure? You're sure this is the right thing to do, the right thing for you? Hey, I don't have a choice. Don't you get that? We have to keep on like we are together. The only reason I walked out was because I was so damn mad at J.R. and Aunt Phoebe for giving him a new way to get us. Hey, she loved you very much. She picked the wrong way to show it. I'm sorry she hurt you. It was cruel. Maybe if I could've been different. Once Aunt Phoebe made her mind up about something, even if she was dead wrong, it was pretty hard to change it. But I'm sure you would've given her a run for her money. It's just everything that she wrote to be read at the funeral it was all so fun. Yeah, 50 years after the fact. That's how long it took for Aunt Phoebe to accept an apology or give one. Even then, she nursed a grudge. Maybe if she just would've known how much I loved you Maybe in another 50 years. Aunt Phoebe was Mainline, old Philadelphia money. She could get her nose so high up in the air, it was And look at you. You just settled down with common trash. Shame on you. You're amazing. You know the only thing that Aunt Phoebe did accomplish? She ' s all-time high points? She made me love you more than I did before. Who knew that was possible? No, you don't. You put me first. You wanted me to seriously consider Aunt Phoebe's offer, knowing that I'd have to walk out on you. What kind of woman does that? Just the softheaded ones, I guess. No. Just the ones that no man should ever let go. You brought up my price tag with Ethan's marketplace. I'm worth Chandler, not worth Cambias. But commodities, they don't have a heart or a soul or a breaking point. Ethan does. And that's what you want? Well, if I say " I do " to Zach You marry Zach, Ethan's skewered. Yeah. Yeah, that that is the end with Ethan. But you still have the downside? I'm a sucker. Ethan has done horrible and stupid things. He so doesn't deserve you. Yeah, but, J.R ., maybe I went too far with this whole ultimatum thing. I mean, maybe I put expectations on him that he can't possibly meet. What are you supposed to do? You supposed to lower your expectations? No, you don't understand. Ethan loved me and accepted me when I never thought I could love again. He was willing to trade you like stock. That's love? I can't just have everything my way. I mean, I can't decide who people should be and then freak out if they're not that person. I did that with Ryan, and now I'm losing Ethan because of it. Look, Ethan blew it, ok? He's the one that blew it. Just stop adding knots. Ow That hurt. Well, just breathe through it, let go of some of that tension before that perfect little head of yours explodes. Is that better? Yes. Hmm. Hey, wait a minute. Who are you calling? Ethan. The bottom line is I love him. We can't swear off interference completely. I mean, look at the family we're trying to put together you and me and Greenlee and Kendall and Lily and Reggie and Bianca and Miranda. An active and unpredictable lot, I'll grant you that, but remember, we're only declaring hands off on the older kids. Lily, Reggie they're not off the hook yet. Only Lily and Reggie? Honey, if we want to survive, we need to let these kids find their own way. Yeah, but Kendall can't marry Zach. Hey, hey, And what about Ryan and Greenlee? If something like that happens, of course I'm going to have to step in. That's different. You will not You'll do nothing I was just kidding. Were not. Ok, I'll put it to you this way. Let's just say that Ryan and Greenlee do split up, and Greenlee decides to spin off with Ethan. Stop. Stop this, please, enough. You're driving me absolutely crazy. Well, only because you are the most frustrating man in the whole wide world, and what frustrates me most about you is what I love most about you. Well, then you're in trouble, aren't you? Oh, tell me about it. You don't do what I tell you. You're your own man. And I happen to love you for it, but the fact that you enjoy you, I could just hmm. Why don't you concentrate on the loving-me part, huh? I do. I know that you're there when I need you, and you're very strong, you're very dependable. And you don't let me boss you around. Boy, you said that last through gritted teeth. Did not. (Jack-laughs) Did, too. You know, you're pretty exasperating yourself, lady. You can charm anything that breathes when you're in the mood. However, your moods are so damn changeable, nobody knows what to expect or when to dodge the fireworks. I can't tell you the number of times I've wanted to wring your neck, but I have a feeling that only Lily can count that high. Ok, will you please get to the loving part, tell me how wonderful I am? Oh, you are wonderful. You are a 're intelligent, and you deserve the finest things that life has to offer. There. I knew we could finally agree on something. Oh. As irritating as you can be and you can be irritating I got to tell you, I am proud, I'm flattered that you want to share a life with me. Because I love the fireworks when they're yours. And Lord knows you do make my life exciting. And I don't even have to try. So, we agree? No more interfering? No more interfering with our adult children. That's right. I also want to tell you how sorry I am for everything I said or did that caused you pain or unhappiness. Oh, Jack, so am I. Oh, Jack. Did we really just settle that? Yeah, yeah, I believe we have. Mmm, mmm oh, you know, of. No, Jack Jack, we were finished. We were in each other's arms. But do you move forward? Do you even savor the moment? No, no, you have to dredge up one more thing to cause trouble. Now who's driving who crazy? That's " whom, " I think. " Who's driving whom crazy. " Oh, don't make me kill you. I should get going. Wait a second. I'm sorry, about everything. I'm sorry how this ended. It's funny. It's all in the timing, I guess. Or lack of it. Yeah. I'm really I'm really grateful for every single minute. Thank you for loving me, Zach. Didn't really have a choice. Well, few women ever get a chance to be loved like that, even once certainly changes you. I would know from experience. I want you to know that I loved you so deeply and completely. I loved you with everything that I had and everything that I had to give. I know. Ok. Ahem. Would you mind? May I kiss you good-bye, please? I am trying to relieve the stress, remember, so stop swinging from one extreme to the other. Listen to me, ok? This isn't some whim, J.R. I have to take action. I'm stuck in this " my way or the highway " cycle, and if I don't stop, my relationships won't have a chance. And Ethan's not partly responsible for that? Ethan doesn't give a damn about you. All he wanted was revenge on his father, and maybe that's still in play. Well, of course it is. He's still angry with Zach. forget it. Well, come on, it's not like you to hold back. I can't help it. How important do you think this would be to Ethan if Zach's offer wasn't on the table? I guess we'll never find out, huh? I do know one thing that's it's late in the evening, and you're in no position to be making any rational decisions. These muscles don't lie. All right, yes, I am exhausted, but I'm But Ethan will be there tomorrow, and Zach's not going anywhere, either. Take care of yourself. Sleep on it, and whatever decision you want to make in the morning, go for it. I just want to be happy, you know? And I'm behind that. And if this is what's going to make that, then maybe I should get out of the way. Oh, the ways I could answer that question. No, I'm serious here. You you remind me, like, I'm back in high school, and you're the new bad boy in class. I'm bad? Yeah, don't pretend. You're very bad. You're very bad for me. Oh, that hurts me, Kendall. Don't lie. I've hung out with the bad boy before, and I should just run, but I'm irresistible? Yeah, you are, but you're also very dangerous, and I know it. But I can't help it, I just I feel comfortable with you. I feel like I can tell you anything. And you can. And you can do anything with me, which you pretty much already have. Yes, I have. And I enjoyed every nasty, like the bad boy is also the good boy? You can be. I can get lost in you for hours. Well, I'm glad to be of service. Anything that you want, I'm here for you, and anything that you don't want, well, that is your decision, too. Why don't you just make a list, Jackson all the " one last things " that could possibly crop up to give us trouble. Just give it to me in the morning, ok, because I am so sick and tired of thinking that we have put all our problems to bed, and then you think of something else. You're right. You're right. Let's put our last things aside, and we'll deal with them, you know, later. Right now, let's put ourselves to bed. What do you say? All in favor, say " aye "? Aye. wonderful agreement. Good-bye. J.R. can't stop us, can't kill our dreams. So we're not rolling in cash. I mean, your mom had to scrimp along, right? Scrimping would've been high living for us. Krystal made it fun. I always had fun growing up. But then again, I wasn't living in the Chandler crosshairs with J.R. after me and hey, you're not playing fair. I'm not playing. I love you, Babe. J.R. can't change it, Aunt Phoebe can't buy it. It's yours. Ok. Ok, I guess I can take it now. What was that one last thing you had on your mind that you wanted to tell me before you allowed me to distract you? Ok, ok. But you have to promise me no temper, no fireworks. My Erica, will you marry me? Dr. Jamie Martin. What could sound better than that? Mrs. Babe Martin. That's much better. Zach-'s-voice You and Ethan, you could have a future together, maybe even a happy one, but only if you walk away from me. J.R.-'-s-voice So on Ethan's love scale, you're worth Chandler Enterprises, but all of Cambias is " no way "? Kendall-'s-voice Ethan has done horrible and stupid things. The bottom line is I love him. Ethan-'s-voice This isn't a dream. It's real. And we are going to have the most perfect and wonderful life together.. I know. Last person you expected to see? I need your help. I won't lose Kendall. Hi. Hi. What happened? You all right? because I have the answer to your marriage proposal. 
Afraid. Nothing to be afraid of. It's just an MRI. And we're not going to move right from here until you get back, all right? Right all. All all right. All right. And will everything be all right for you? For me? Yeah. Sure. I mean, we get Jonathan healthy, and we'll be a family again, the new-and-improved Laverys. And Greenlee? Greenlee is going to have a great life. She's also going to have your child, Ryan. And the best thing I can do for that child and for Greenlee is to stay dead, Erin. There is no way that I can trust myself raising any child. Tell me the rest, Ryan, the part you're not saying. You can't tell her. Not now. Tell me, Kendall, please. What is it? It's our secret, and it's too soon. If it comes out Well, sometimes unburdening yourself is the best way to relieve stress. Sweetheart, please. Or it can amp it to new levels. It's the last thing Kendall needs right now. Greenlee, I know what I need. Exactly. Kendall's a Kane, and we triumph over stress. Don't we, sweetheart? Please, let's tell me. Come on, Dad. Don't threaten me with consequences if I date Kendall and not follow through. This is not a threat. The only consequence that can happen is if her husband sends some goons after me for hitting on his wife. No, you would not understand. The truth is way too wait, wait, take my word for it. Why, because I'm too stupid to get it? No, that's not it. Just sometimes you're so obstinate. You know what, I must have gotten that from you, Dad you know I'm not going to let this drop. Let's see if I can handle " complicated " and " the truth " at the same time. You always said that was the best policy, didn't you? So why don't you just spill it before you tank what's left of our relationship for good. You'll hear something about Dixie soon. Yeah. Thank you for handling that call for me. It's no wonder you're crazed. Well, you can take off now. I've got enough to deal with. Oh, great. What are you doing here? I get it you want to be the first one to deliver your bull? Well, it's a little bit too late for that, because my dad couldn't wait to spread your lies about how I wanted to marry J.R. all over again. You know, as much as I'd like to watch you two go should really let you have it. Do whatever the hell you want. I'm here to help find Dixie. Not everything's about you. Ah, Mrs. Chandler. How nice. Good-bye. Did she give you the letter, Dr. Smart Jeans? Who's " she " and what letter? Di Kirby, alias Dixie Cooney, alias Ms. Phony-baloney half sister. Ah, Babe filled you in, I see? Dixie's missing. She stashed a letter somewhere in case she actually died. So what? It's not as if she's anyone's real mother or lover or ex-wife. You are just you're pure sludge You have known all along who that fake really was and you could have prevented all of this. I am so mad at you, I swear I could just Sit down and shut up Wow. That felt good. The part that I'm not . I would give anything, probably my own life, just to hold Greenlee one last time. We're not going to tell you, Erica. We may be family, but you don't get to know everything about us. I know that you have not adopted an alternative lifestyle. But there is still a missing piece to the puzzle, and it's time to complete it. The drugs that Greenlee took we both took them. Isn't that taking this platonic friendship just a little far? They weren't immunosuppressant drugs. The drugs were so I could carry Ryan's baby. Well, that's interesting. You? Ryan's baby? Three DNA tests, a cursed trip to Crow Hollow, and you knew all along who she really was? Since when was it my responsibility to tell you the truth about Di? Since I asked you real nice. Since we share a daughter. Since you might your life? Yeah, right, and miss the fun of watching you and those Martin/Chandler nimrods stewing in your holier-than-me juices? Not a chance. You really are the devil No, you know, I don't think so, because I feel like I've been blessed. I got a chance to watch J.R. turn into a mama's boy, Adam go ballistic over Dixie poaching his son, and let us not forget sweet old Tad falling crazy back in love with a woman who's a total stranger. Hey, my condolences on that one, Krystal. Shut up. Hmm I wish I had the chance to see their faces when you told them the truth. So come on, tell me, how was it? Did their heads explode all at once or was it one at a time? Krystal? Oh, this is too good to be true. They still don't know? I'm glad you're enjoying this. Oh, sweet I can't wait to see the look on their faces when they find out that they fell for Dixie's half sister, a total fraud You're not telling anybody anything We don't need your help. We don't want it. We'll find Dixie without you. You can't stop me. I'm going to go check on Little Adam. Make sure this mess is cleaned up before you leave. I'll call if I find anything. Tell my dad I was here? How could you hate me so much? I was doing what I had to do to be close with Little A, and you tried to tank me. You marry J.R ., you tank yourself. No, you had to open your big mouth to David, and he couldn't wait to spread the joy to J.R. I'm not responsible for what your wacked father does. Yes, you aren't. You knew David would try to stop me, and you didn't even care. You wanted him to get in my way. And I really don't care what you think. Jamie, life is all about choices, and I made a choice and it ended us. We're over, so you don't get to be all up in my life anymore. How hard can it be, Dad? You're always waving the truth flag. Why don't you just hit me with it? Josh, there are things in motion that for many reasons I can not share with you, reasons that are both professional and personal. Oh, I hope there's more to it than that because that sounds like an excuse. You just you have to believe me. Of all the women in the world that you can pursue, Kendall Hart under no circumstances can you go after. What, because you got the hots for can't have the daughter? Don't you push me. Why don't you tattoo this someplace where you can read it a lot? I will go after whatever woman I want, and you can't stop me. If the procedure went as planned, thanks to Dr. Madden and some luck, Ryan and Greenlee's baby is onboard right this second. I'm sorry about the cover-up, Erica. I was never part of an experimental fertility program. According to Dr. Madden, it's impossible for me to carry Ryan's child to term no matter what. If there was any way that Greenlee could have done this, she would have. When I got the news, I thought that's it, life's over. And then Kendall volunteered to help me. She's my one and only hope to hold a part of Ryan in my arms. Your daughter really did give me back my life. No matter how miss her, even though she's carrying my child, I can't go back, Erin. If I did, if I went back now, after she started a new life, I mean, it would it would be the most selfish thing anybody could possibly do, and I won't do it, not to Greenlee. From now on, Babe, I don't give a damn about your business. Whatever you get yourself twisted into with J.R ., you're on your own. Oh, why are you still here? Has there been any word about Dixie at all? You weren't invited to this party, you're not involved, so don't let the door hit you. Fine. I'll find my dad and work with him. Yeah, why don't you do that. Oh, and for the record, Jamie I'm not stupid enough to hook back up with Babe, and even she's a scam like that. Yeah, you're right. I'm totally off base. Jamie loves Dixie as much as you do. You defending my brother? Your time's up. You're such a jackass You need to be on a leash and muzzled, so you can stop sinking your teeth into everyone around you. Well, bite or be bitten. Look at you. Your mom is missing, God knows what happened to her, and you're alone. Not one single friend has called or stopped in to see how they can help. That's because it's nobody else's business. That's because you don't have any friends, not even an employee sniffing around to suck up to the boss. Doesn't that tell you something, you idiot? Give it to me. There's nothing I would like better. How about right between the eyes, huh, or a little bit lower? you won't tell anybody. Put it down Swear it, David You are lucky I'm in a good mood. Oh, this is wild. You really didn't tell Adam? Oh, man, talk about a wedding present, huh? The guy's greatest dream come true Dixie's a fraud and coming from your luscious lips? Nobody's lips is telling anybody anything. You're kidding, right? With news like this, you can get anything you want, and that would be Tad, am I right? You break this news and that marshmallow's going to fall right back into your ever-loving arms. Of course, there's that pesky matter of divorcing Adam. Would stop already? And what about J.R ., huh? The woman who's still singing him to sleep probably at night is a con artist fraud. It'll kill him Oh, no, that's too much to hope to him slowly. You could tell him a good news-bad news kind of thing. It's all bad news. No, no, no, hear me out. It's like this " J.R ., the bad news is your mommy's dead, but the good news is you're still an orphan. So you can stop worrying about Dixie, dead, alive, or otherwise, because, well, hey, she's not really your mommy. She's Di Henry, a woman who took you for a ride with her sad imitation of the real thing. " What? Does your head spin all the way around? You got horns growing back there, huh? How could the biggest mistake of my life have created such a beautiful, perfect girl like Babe? Hey, you're no prize yourself, twinkles. I wish I knocked up any other woman in the phone book other than you. Now, that being said, why don't help you find the door? Not until you answer my question. Did Di leave you a letter to be opened in the event that she dies? Are you out of your mind? The woman hates my guts. Not a chance. No, wait a minute now, I'm not finished with you yet. Oh, yes, you are, sugar lips, because I got places to go and people to see and a hell of a lot to talk about. Tad and Adam and J.R. and Derek and pretty much everybody in Pine Valley deserve to know exactly who Dixie Cooney really is. You can't because you swore you wouldn't. No, I didn't. Sorry, Krystal. What was that that you kept telling me a couple months ago? Oh " it's about time we put an end to the lies. " Hmm. Good philosophy. How can you say you'll never go back to Greenlee changed your mind even a little? Erin, the doctor says that his behavior was from a tumor and the meds that he was taking, so I believe it. Now the tumor's gone, and Jonathan's got a shot at a normal life, it doesn't change everything, it doesn't change my decision. Oh, now do you think that tumors are contagious or they run in the family and you're next? No, I think abuse runs in the family. Come on, Erin. Dad beat on me, on Braden, and on Jonathan while our mother got drunk and looked the other way. That is in here. We raise fists, we scream, and we break things. That's what families do, that's what our family did. That's what I know. That does not mean that you can't break the cycle, right? You don't want to be Dad? You won't. Hey, you down at your own child and not seeing our nightmare childhood? No, I can't. But that's why I don't do anything more than a good, firm handshake at the door. Doesn't mean it has to be that way for you, though. Well, it's not up for debate. I heard Greenlee's voice and I saw your face, knowing she was that close on the other end of the phone. God, everything that you've given up for her it hit me. You know, love is real. Your love for each other? Ryan, it takes my breath away. You think I'm selfish. You think I forced Kendall to do this, guilted her into being some kind of incubator. If you want to yell at someone, yell at me, ok, not Greenlee. This was my idea mine so no yelling at her. No, I don't intend to yell to pull the " mother knows best " angle? Well, you're both adults. You've made your decision. You seem very comfortable with it. We are. Definitely. Very comfortable. Kendall, when did you undergo this procedure? After the night of the blackout. But you don't know yet for sure if it's taken? You don't know if you are actually pregnant? No, she doesn't know. But she will know any day now. You're very quiet. Well, I'm sure you can understand it's a lot to take in. Well, we're still getting used to the idea, too, but we're happy, and we want you to be. Ryan's child. Ryan and Greenlee's child. Yes, with you as how did Greenlee put this incubator. " Surrogate " is a better word. It's very 21st century. 's donation, and your body. I assume that you've spent a great deal of time considering all the situations that could arise? Absolutely. Yeah, we're ready for whatever's ahead. You've worked out all the details? You're ready to handle all the tricky parts? You do admit that there are some tricky parts, don't you? Oh, you always want to play the rebel, don't you? Your word for me not doing what you want. Why don't you just this once just do as I say? Blindly obey, no questions asked? Forget about it Well, could you just maybe just try to work with me? Work with you? Don't you mean be like you, Dad? I can't be like you, all right? You're not happy, it's not my job to catch your brass ring. That's not what I expect. 's the miracle, that I'd turn out like you? If you haven't caught on yet, that miracle is not going to happen. That's not what I want. I don't pressure you into being anything you don't want to be. I'm not dictating that you live your life in a way you don't want to live it. All I'm saying is do not get involved with Kendall Hart. That's the wise choice, the choice you would make? I'll make my own choices, Dad, and live with them. So will you. You know, maybe in the trailer park when there's a crisis, people bake each other casseroles and give each other group hugs, but not in the real world. People do constructive things, like look for my mom. And then there's you, using it to bash me. That's not what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to help you Tell me where my mom went Why did she leave? Why is she risking her life for someone that she hardly knows? Would you do it? If you were involved in some criminal activity, would you tell your grown son what was going on? It's got to hurt to have her up and disappear without a word. Or a letter. She took the time to write Tad twice but not her own son. Why? What, did she think that I couldn't deal with it, or did she think I'd just screw it up altogether? Did I hear something about lies? You know David he's one walking, talking lie. It appears Dixie left some serious chunks out of her " what I did on my summer vacation " story. So you ran over here to fill him in on Dixie's latest adventure, hmm? Or does Hayward actually know something? Now, who would have thunk you poor saps are running all over the place trying to find her. And true to form, you're totally clueless. Look at that smirk. Love that smirk. You really do know something. I suggest you tell me what it is before I smack the smirk right off your face. Why take the chance I might hit back, Adam? Why don't you ask your wife? She knows everything I do. As wonderful as it is to bring a new life into this world, there are certain very complicated issues here. I mean, this baby will be part of you both and Ryan. How do you plan to share him or her, or do you? Kendall can be as involved or uninvolved as she wants. I hope she will be around, but no strings. Nine months of a baby living inside you that's quite a string, Greenlee. Kendall, you're going to feel this baby growing and moving. going to be Greenlee's son or daughter. Are you ready for that? I'm totally prepared, Mother. I mean, I have zero interest in ever being a parent. I believe you mean that right now when you say it, or even in the past. But, honey, after you feel that baby kicking and doing somersaults I mean, when you know when that baby is awake or sleeping, when you can't help but dream what that sweet little baby's face will look like when it's born, and then to give it away? Are you sure you're not going to fall in love with this baby during the next nine months? Well, it's possible, Mother. After all, you didn't fall in love with me. It wasn't you, sweetheart. I was traumatized, I was raped, I was 14, I was a child myself, but please believe me it was never you. Ok I get I get why you did what you had to do, and I'm not saying that you're wrong. I'm just trying to make a point. You gave me up. You had your reasons, and all of them were good ones. I'm going to give up this baby for my own good reasons. Greenlee will have a baby she otherwise couldn't have. And this baby is already loved and wanted. That's enough for me. You are so strong. You seem very at peace with this decision. I am. That certainly sounds like a perfect surrogate. What was that? What? Nothing. We're being honest, Erica. That doesn't happen very often. Let's take advantage and get it out now. Look, it's just a fact no pregnancy is without risk. I just certainly hope that this one goes off without a hitch. Well, we will do everything to with her 24/7. Oh, please, I'll need some time alone. Now, are you sure you're sure that you're really ok with this? Ryan's child. It'll just take some getting used to, that's all. I mean, this particular circle of life is more like a Like a triangle. Yeah. Good. I think we're done here. Too much sharing can cause toxic shock, and we want to keep Kendall healthy. Yes. I love you, Kendall, I do. And and I'm growing more fond of you, Greenlee. I am. And I just want you both to know that I will never do anything to upset this this amazing adventure. Thank you. Would you mind if we kept this between us? I don't think Jack would be too thrilled to hear that Ryan's baby is on the way. No, Jack is going to, and I will do everything I can in that regard. Thank you. Please take care of yourself. I always do. Yes, it's me. I really need to see you just as soon as I can. No, no, I I don't want to talk about this on the phone. Could you possibly come over to my office? It would really mean so much to me. I'll be here. Ohio. Hey, Hockett. Hey. Beddy-bed. Fix up your pillows real nice there. How was how was the MRI? Dr-.-Marquay The tests showed Julian's making good progress. It'll just take time. But what about his what about his speech? Dr-.-Marquay Oh, that'll improve. He'll work with a speech therapist once he's more fully recovered. I'm happy to say it won't be long before we discharge him to a rehab facility. If No home. No home. Hey, shh. No. No Dad, call me when you get this message. I want to help find Dixie. You tell me where to go and what to do, and I'll do it. We'll find her. What are you doing in here? Better yet, how'd you get in here? And why don't you ever just knock? Fire escape. Don't worry, I called your new landlord. He is going to install a safety lock on the inside of the window. Much better than your last place. Cupcake? Do you always bake in just an apron? The oven turns this place into a furnace. So is this a new hobby or your latest idea of foreplay? It's what I do when I'm scared to death. I bake or freak, and you don't want to see me freak. Why, what happens, this isn't a joke. I'm serious. I'm terrified for my life. Yeah, I give you a 10 for originality, but next time you want to get lucky, go with strawberry icing. It's my favorite. I'm serious. Ok, why don't you put some more clothes on and tell me what you're so afraid of. Not afraid, terrified, as in scream till my throat bleeds. Got it. But you mind if I finish this first? You heard Tad. She could die. She may not come back. I didn't even rate on her top five " things to do " list. Maybe she didn't want you to worry. Like I wouldn't find out? Maybe she knew you'd try to stop her. Yeah, you're damn right I would have. Moms, they they love their kids so much, sometimes they put them in don't need to be protected. Ok, so say that she did tell you every last detail about this bad guy. What would you have done? I would have gone after him and nailed him before he hurt my mother. That's the point. She didn't want you risking your life. This is my mother we're talking about J.R ., you spend your whole life with your fists up. The way you see it, everyone's out to get you, including your mom. If you would just drop your fists, even for a second, maybe you'd see the world in a whole new way. Maybe you'd see your mom differently, and maybe she'd see you differently, too. Don't you have anything better to do than follow me around? Well, you're my wife, you know. That's part of the deal. I can follow you around anywhere I want without being accused of adultery. Oh, please. I would rather parallel-park with a boa constrictor than that snake. Nothing happened between Dr. Dingo and me. I'll be the judge of that. Yeah. No lipstick. If you're trying to trump up some bogus case in order to cheat me out of my due as your wife what are you doing? No beard burn. Oh, I don't believe this. Adam's got a thing for you. Oh, a thing? Please, that's ridiculous. The only thing I have for this woman is a deep desire to erase whatever happened at Crow Hollow. Oh, yeah, right Look at that glow in your eye And what about that extra jaunt in your step, huh, all that fresh bluster? I'm sure that has nothing to do with the fact that you happened to hook up with Southern accent one of the hottest women to step out of a double-wide other. That's the only thing we agree on. Normal voice Oh, man, I can't wait for you to walk into that billionaires' fogy club with your new wifey hanging on your arm. Southern accent Krystal " cha-cha " Chandler. Normal voice Oh, your reputation will soar, Chandler. I don't know why I even bother. You're wasting my time. Oh, no, no, wait a minute, Adam Wait a minute, we got more to talk about Zip it Zip it, David. You just missed the perfect opportunity to tell Adam that Dixie is Di. Hey, he finds out she's a fraud, he may very well hand you that divorce settlement on a golden platter, sweetheart. As long as Di is in danger, my mouth is shut, and so is yours, David, or, hand to God, you will have taken your last breath. You know that woman behind SOS. You're amazing. No, really. Dixie and Julia Santos could actually die any minute, and here you are making it all about you. And a dead woman. But you're alive, baking cupcakes in other people's apartments. How do you know my name's not on their list? I don't. So if it makes you feel safer, you can crash here for a while. Thank you, Jamie. I won't be around much. Once I hear from my dad, I'll be out helping him find Dixie. You are totally the bravest. I have to change my shirt and get out of here. You know, when they kill me, I'm so going to haunt you. Bill. Junk. Bill. How about a nice juicy bank statement? Oh, my God. Is that a bill you're going to pay for me? It's 's from your mom. You you know how crazy she is. To me. You know my mom is certifiable. This is just one of the things she does. She picks a name, she writes a letter packed with totally wacked stuff just to freak people out, and she hardly even remembers that she did it. Why didn't you tell me we're about to get married? It's got to be hard not knowing where your mom is, if she's all right. What are you trying to do? Stay the hell away from me. Home isn't Des Moines, all right? That place was never home, it never will be again. Pine Valley. Pine Valley. Our new home. Hockett, I told you we can't go back to Pine Valley. We can't. Pine Pine Valley. You don't go? I'll go alone. No screaming Erica than I expected. Yeah, she was certainly very calm. Too calm. Way, way too calm. Oh. It's me. What do you got? Oh. Oh, that's great. Wait, hold on a minute. Ok. Ready. Uh-huh? Uh-huh? Uh-huh? Got it Ow This is great. This is great Thanks Forget about Erica. Are you up for an adventure? Well, it's too early to take the home pregnancy test, too early to go maternity shopping That was a private investigator that I hired. This is Erin Lavery's address in Nova Scotia. How about we go visit Ryan's little sister? Erica. I came as quickly as I could. Oh, Greg. Thank God you're here. What's wrong? Can I do something to help? You can start by getting down on your knees and praying that my daughter 
Dear Jamie, congratulations. Amanda told me the good news. Consider this an early welcome to the family. " Give me that. Let's see what " I've been doing a lot of reminiscing, Jamie, remembering how you and Mandy used to play together as kids. Never in my wildest dreams did I suspect you two would grow up to get married. What a wonderful story for the grandkids, of which I hope there will be many. Ha, ha. Can't wait to see you, tell you face to face how proud I am. Love always, Janet. But please call me' Mom' from now on. " What? What? You caught me, ok? I'm busted. Is that what you're waiting to hear? You are a master manipulator. And a vicious liar. When you told me that you were going to do everything you could to help Greenlee carry Ryan's baby, I believed you. You accused me of hopping her grief. What has that got to do with impregnating Kendall with Greenlee and Ryan's child? How dare you play God with my daughter's life. There isn't any more time to give. And next time I hear from you, better be to tell me that Dixie Cooney and Julia Keefer have been found and safe. What did you do to my sister? What happened to " hello, California was a blast "? That's not what she's here to talk to you about. I asked you a question. I heard you. Now, which one of the Santos sisters did I sin against this time? This is for my Aunt Julia. Sam Can't stop me. Pine Valley myself. No, no, no, no, no. Hey, Jonathan, take it easy. Take it easy. Take it easy. Work Take it easy, come on shh. I know. You're not you're not quite ready yet. You have to stay in bed a little bit longer, ok? There you go. Careful. Pine Valley No, sweetie, we can't leave the hospital yet. Ok? Not until you are 100% Tumor is out, but better ready. See Greenlee. Greenlee. Now. I need to see Erin. She's Ryan's only living sibling. She's going to be my baby's aunt. Yeah, who didn't even leave a phone number when she called. I mean, obviously, Greenlee, the girl is not on the market for a sister-in-law. And if you show up on her doorstep unannounced, it could be a big disaster. I have to do this, Kendall. Not just for me, for my child. We don't even know if there is a child yet. Either way, Erin deserves to be, growing inside you. We have to tell her. I want every Lavery left out there to know. No way, no how, no trip, and no Erin. See why we're so different, you and I? You're all about the no, and I'm all about the go. I can be all about the go. Why don't you go get yourself a pedicure? Go concentrate on the product launch, which is almost upon us. Go get crazy drunk. Go let your hair down. Go whatever. Just don't go to Nova Scotia expecting instant family with Ryan's sister, because you might get a door slammed in your face. No, I don't think it's going to play out like that. Once Erin sees me and we talk face to face, she'll have to realize how much I loved Ryan, and And what, and what? She'll throw you a baby shower? What someone from the Lavery family my baby can love. It's a beautiful sentiment, and it it actually makes all the sense in the world. But what happens if this particular Lavery doesn't love your baby back? Ryan and I love you so much. And we're doing everything we can to help you make a full recovery. I know you want to see Greenlee, Hockett. Believe me, I want to see her, too, but but we can't. Why? (Loud-noise) It's ok. Would you hey. All right, ok. It's all right. Shhh, shh. It'll be ok. Loud loud loud in my head. I got you. All right. Take it easy. All right? Ok, it's all over. Somebody knocked over a cart, and it's all over now. It won't happen again, ok? I know, the strange feelings in your legs and not being able to find the words I can imagine it's very, very confusing. Scary. Scary. Yeah. And scary. But it's all perfectly normal. You had a major overhaul. Lily ok? Sam, stop it My life coach says that hitting is not the way to solve anything. She's right, Sam. Look, this is not going to get us any closer to finding Julia. No, you're wrong. He knew that Aunt Julia was in town for weeks and didn't say anything. At least, not to her family. He can lead us to her, I know it. Do you know where Sam's Aunt Julia is? I wish I did, but I don't. He doesn't know, Sam. You're too trusting, Lily. You messed with my mother, my father, and now my aunt. You . Sam, stop it, ok? We didn't come here for this, we came to find Julia. Look, I just got back from settling Maria and Maddie in California, and Sam told me that my other sister, Julia, was back in Pine Valley and somehow you were involved. I have people looking for her. I'll do whatever I can to help you find her. Don't. Don't come near my family ever again. Go ahead. I can't wait to see you talk your way out of this one. You are such a jerk. You hear my phone's ring tone go off 20 times a day. As much as I wish it was my adoring public bombarding me with text message love, we both know it's my crazy mom checking up on me. I love her, but a girl can only take so much, and I had to find an off switch. And " I'm even try and be understanding? What's it to you if I tell Janet from Another Planet we're engaged? It's not like you have to fake a wedding or even make a public announcement. She doesn't leave the house. She doesn't talk to anybody but me. I'll just I'll drag out the lie until she finds the magic meds that get her off my back. Are you kidding me? Your big news has picked her up more than any meds. Have you seen the magazine clippings she put in here? Bridesmaid's dresses, floral arrangements. You know what? But I got news for the both of you. Forget picking the napkin colors. There isn't going to be a Martin/Dillon wedding. Not now, not ever. Never say never is that your motto? Make a baby at all costs, no matter what the consequences. And all those chats we had where you touted yourself as the loving and supportive show. Don't you dare attack my devotion to my family. It's precisely because I care that we are having this conversation. Because I know what your irresponsible actions can do to Kendall and Greenlee. What can it possibly do? Bring them closer together? Create a bond for life? Hardly. Although, of course, I shouldn't be surprised. Because this is all about money and and prestige and building on your legend. A poor, helpless widow that would be Greenlee loses her baby. But Dr. Madden saves the day by opening up door number two that would be Kendall without any regard to the psychological destruction that you will bring to Kendall. Of course not. You won't be there. You'll be long gone. You won't have to clean up the mess you've created. Oh, my God. To think that women actually have been coming to you to get your help. They rely on you a monster you really are. Oh, what now? Going to call security? Have them march me out of here? Save yourself the trouble. I can find my own way out, thank you. I'm calling the police, that's who I'm calling the police, the medical board anyone who can help me put an end to your career. I don't know how long you've been toying with women's lives, Doctor, but your time has run out. I'm the best in my field. I do not wander around and just implant embryos in any available womb. There's a procedure that I follow, and Kendall was no exception. She passed the psychiatric evaluation for surrogacy with flying colors. Oh. Well, now, I know you're a quack. Because as much as I love my daughter Kendall, the only way she could pass any psych test with flying colors is if you are grading that on a like a true loving and supportive mother. Spoken like a mother who knows her child. My daughter Kendall has been through many traumatic life experiences, some of which she may never get past. I don't know if you're aware of this, Doctor, but Kendall was the product of a rape. I gave her up at birth. And it is only recently that she has even begun to to know what it is to love and receive love. And she has a long way to go in that regard to get it right. But now, thanks to you and what you have done, any progress that she has made just might blow up in her face. I happen to think giving birth to a child for your best friend is the ultimate expression of love. Oh, it seems noble enough now, to you. But Kendall will spend the next nine months carrying that baby and bonding with that baby and loving that baby, only to be forced same way she was given up. Did you deal with that in your psychological evaluation, Doctor? Kendall was made aware of the emotional impact of carrying that child. But she was determined. She made the selfless choice. She understands the benefits of giving and sharing a lesson that was obviously lost on her mother. Kendall has already given to Greenlee everything there is to give. She gave her Ryan. Ryan, the man she loved. Ryan, who was the love of my daughter's life. Only to have to sit back and watch him with another woman. If she is forced in the end to hand over Ryan's baby to the woman who stole Ryan away from her, that is the day that Kendall's life will crumble into a a million little pieces. So you better hope that that procedure didn't take, Doctor. Because if Kendall is pregnant, you have as good as killed her. You're killing me, Greenlee. have Erin spit in our faces. Why would she? She loves Ryan just as much as we do. How could she not love his child? Ok, I don't mean to be a downer here, but isn't that exactly what you said about Ryan? Listen, all I'm asking is no airplanes, no added stress, no sneaking up on people who might not want to see us until we know what's what. Don't you get it? It's the waiting that's driving me nuts. Every second, I'm hoping and praying for the moment that you tell me it's worked. My baby is here, growing inside of you, slowly making its way into the world and into my arms. I don't know what I'll do if that stick doesn't turn blue, Kendall. We may not get another chance at this. God, if I can't hold Ryan's baby in my arms, it'll be like, I'll die with him. No, listen to me, don't say that, ok? Don't say that. We have done everything right here. There is no reason why I'm not carrying your baby right now. Oh, yes, the waiting sucks. But the two of us hopping on a plane to Canada won't change that. Probably not. I'll just go to Nova Scotia alone. Hey, Hockett, you want me to find out when they'll get the ice cream in here? I mean I cared Lily scared her. Made made loud red made it loud red. Lily no red. I know, I know, I know, it's ok. Lily I understand. She's not scared anymore, ok? She's fine. I'm sure she's fine. Tell tell tumor tumor's out. And no, I letter. Then go Pine Valley. Hockett no, I No, write Listen, I Please Why don't we just wait until you're a little bit better, and then we'll write the No Now. Please please. Come on, Ryan. Just let him write it, ok? Know you know how to use this? Why am I wasting my time with this dirtbag? Let's go find our own clues. No, Sam, come back. You have no idea where you're going or what to look for. I'm looking for someone in our family who needs help. You can't stop me. Neither can he. You'd better go after them. No, I still have some more questions for you. First of all, why are you doing this? I mean, I thought it was over between you and Maria. Shen't you let go? You were with her, right? Did you see me try to contact her even once since she left town? Yet, here you are, in the middle of Santos family chaos, again. Why, if not to get closer to Maria? Why? Why that's that's a very good question, Anita. And I'm sick and tired of answering it. You want me out? I'm out, simple as that. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to have a nice scotch and get on with the rest of my life. There's no way that I will play your excuse to stay in Pine Valley. What am I supposed to do? Mom's all excited now. You're a master faker. Come up with some other reason why you have to stay. School, job you know what? Tell her you're allergic to her, for all And if it were that easy, I would have already. Our engagement is the only thing that's gotten her to back off. I don't buy it. She hasn't seen me since we were kids. For all she knows, you could be marrying a total jerk. Hello? This is Janet we're talking about here. I mean, the woman hears wedding bells and her eyes flutter back into her head. Everyone knows she was beyond desperate to marry my dad. The thought of me marrying a Martin Tad's son, a future doctor? I mean, if you pulled her arm, her tongue would start wagging and her eyes would light up " jackpot. " Jamie, this is the only way that she will buy me not coming home. So you had no choice but to get her all hot and bothered about a church and a dress? She wouldn't get anything else. To Mom, " no strings attached " you sure you know what " no strings attached " means? I am all about fun and games, Jamie. Let me show you how much. It's ok, Jonathan. They're they're going to cover pens and writing in your therapy sessions. Yeah um your letter to Lily can wait until then. No. Have to have to say sorry. Help me, Ryan. " Dear Lily " No Greenlee first. " Dear Greenlee " Sorry hurt sc scare you. Hate that. Bad bad out me now bad out of me now. Never hurt agone again, gain never hurt you again. That's good. That's very good, Jonathan. Greenlee needs to know that all the bad stuff is gone now. And and it's not in you to hurt anyone. Re ready see you, Greenlee. Be fam family agone, please. Hockett Hockett, I can't. Please, Ryan. I can't. It's not all right to see Greenlee. It's not. We have to stay far, far away from her, so she stays safe. I'm no bad anymore. I'm not bad anymore, Ryan. Why why Green Greenlee no safe? It won't be easy. When I see Ryan's sister, it's going to open up the floodgates all over again. How can I not look at her and be reminded? Still, despite the grief, I know it'll be worth it. She and I will help each other. Greenlee, you don't even know if she has all of her marbles. I mean, come on. Jonathan played caring brother-in-law to your face and then doped you with these wacky pills behind your back. I can't let you walk into a home of of a know she's my husband's sister. I know she loves him and misses him, same as I do. Ryan loved her, too. And he would have given anything to find her. He would want us to be together. Ok, you know what? Under normal circumstances, you're right. But this girl has lost all three of her siblings in a span of months. I mean, who knows what is going on in her head right now. And if she even remotely blames you for any of her brothers' deaths, then that's it. I mean, this could be bad. You can't seriously think she's going to try and take me out. I think worse. You go to her with this beautiful offer to have her be a part of your child's life, and then she looks you in the eye, and she tells you to go to hell. I can't let you risk that heartache. arrogant egomaniac, not a skilled physician. This is not some random science experiment, Erica. I have used every tool available to head off any potential problem. Oh, here's a tool you didn't use the phone. You could have called me. I would have told you what a grave mistake this was. You spoiled brat. You haven't changed one tiny little bit. It's all about you what's convenient for Erica. I happen to think what Kendall has done for Greenlee is both remarkable and admirable. What is it? What is it you don't understand? What don't you get? The selflessness of it? Or the bond between Greenlee and Kendall? Does that threaten you? Oh, please. I have told you very directly what my concerns are. How dare you try to twist my words around. Who are you to deny a woman a baby, when you conceived a child you had every intent of Is this just another notch on your baby-making belt, Doctor? And then you look the other way when you leave a woman's life in shambles? Kendall is an adult. She made her choice, not me. Deal with it. Oh, I will deal with it, Doctor. First, I will pray that this pregnancy didn't take. And then I will pray that Greenlee finds another way to deal with her loss that doesn't involve my daughter. Listen, I totally get the need for you to keep busy and and distracted. But you got to do it somewhere safe, not where you're reminded of what you've lost. Where is that, Kendall? The moon? Mars? I won't forget Ryan or our baby who didn't make it. Of course you won't forget. But going to meet his sister? Especially while you're wigged out from this whole waiting game. It won't 24/7. Look, I just read about these babies in Africa who've been left parentless because of AIDS. By the end of the decade, something like 25 million children will be orphans. I mean, can you imagine that? All these beautiful, innocent children with no one to love them or or hold them or feed them? It breaks my heart. Ok. Well, all right well, then then focus on helping those kids and not worrying about your own. Well, I already made a massive donation to the humanitarian aid agency, and I'm working on a matching fund campaign at Fusion. For every dollar an employee donates, Fusion will donate two. I mean, if we all gave up a latte a week and put all the money in the jar, we'd have so much money for those kids. But it's not enough, Kendall. I've been cursed with a multitask brain. I can do a million things and me, you need to breathe, all right? Breathe, Greenlee. This is not healthy. That's why it means so much to me, what you've done. You've given me a second chance at motherhood. I want it so bad, I can taste it. You gave me a reason to hope again. And not only can I do that for Erin, but I want my child to have people like you in his life to hold him and love him and protect him. And I know that kind of love is waiting for us in Nova Scotia. We just have to go find it. You're not bad, Jonathan. Don't ever don't ever think that. Why not tell Greenlee go why no Greenlee scared anymore? I why no go back? You know what, I can't do this. (Door-opens-and-closes) Ryan mad? No. No, sweetie, no. No, you just asked you to remember is that you're all better now, Jonathan. Ok? Deep down, you've always been good. You just finished telling Jonathan that he wasn't the second coming of Dad, ok? Our brother had a tumor, and there was nothing bad in him, and there's nothing bad in you, either, Ryan. And I have no doubt that if you went back to Greenlee I am not going back to Pine Valley, do you understand that? This conversation is over, and I don't want to have it again. Greenlee's going to have her life, and I'm not going to ruin that. Wow, you seem pretty mad. You thinking about hitting me? Of course not. Of course not. Because that's not who you really are, Ryan. You're not bad, you're not dangerous, and you're not a threat to your wife. where the police car drove off the road, and they lead all the way up to here. Sam, something must have happened right in this spot. How can you be so calm? My head was going to explode back there with Slater. Oh, no, not literally. Well, sometimes when I see red, I feel like my head will explode. But you always pull it together. You're so smart and focused. And when you tell me you can help me find my aunt, I actually believe you. Well, you should, because I'm very good at detecting and finding clues. There's a very good chance I can solve this mystery. I have way more faith in you than I do in Zach Slater. So that's it? It's it's that easy? You're done with Maria, Julia, the whole Santos family? That's what you want, isn't it? Send wherever she may be. Because obviously, I have no interest in saving the woman's life unless it's to make points with Maria. All right, just check the sarcasm, Zach. You made your point. Maria and I are through. We said our good-byes, and we've accepted it. It's done. But I have caused that woman a lot of pain. And if I can give something back to her by saving her sister's life, I will do it. I don't care what you and everybody else thinks about me. I got to wait to hear from my dad. Finding Dixie and Maria's sister ranks way above sheet time with you. Whatever. I can do rain checks. On the sex? Sure. But don't bank on later you and me getting serious. Ditch any and all ideas about Mrs. Amanda Martin right now. You and I are in this for one thing and one thing only All right, I remember already. I am not playing, Amanda. There is no gray area. Either end this fake engagement, or I end us. What's it going to be? You really think Julia is going to die? Look, you just said you're going to help her, whether I like it or not. The least that you could do is tell me what her chances are. How can I do that if I don't know where she is or who she's with? But you're worried about her. I can see it in your face. I don't care what you see or think you see, because believe it or not, this isn't about you. Well, then what is it about? I mean, paying back Maria is one thing, but helping somebody that you don't even Why is this so difficult? There is a woman hanging on by a very thin fall. I get it. I finally get you. Ok. I get it now. I agree with you. Finding Erin is important. But all I'm saying is let's just wait. Just wait a little bit, please. Let's just wait until we know if I'm pregnant for sure before we make a run for the border. Erin did say she was having a hard time losing all of her brothers at once. She needed time to recover, and she would call me when she was ready. There you go. See? So obviously, she's not completely closing the door. She just is sending a very clear message not now. Come on, Greenlee. I mean, you're trusting me to look after your child for nine months. Can't you trust me to look after you, too? Now, I know you're anxious to connect with Ryan's family. But Nova Scotia will always be there Best friends are hard to find, true love is rarer still. In you they're both combined if it's God's will. Who am I to break it? If loving you is crazy, the madness never ceases to amaze me. I never want to be without your love Dad, you need me, I'm there. I'm going to hook up with my dad and help find Dixie and Julia. I wish your hero complex wasn't such a turn-on. Here's the deal. If you want more of us, end this phony engagement with your mother now. Otherwise I know, I know. Hasta la vista, hanky panky. Lock up when you leave. Mom, what were you thinking sending Jamie that letter? You almost scared him off. Of course the engagement is still on. Would you stop worrying? Dr. and Mrs. James Martin will be hanging out with other gazillionaires before you know it already scoped this place? Well, the police aren't infallible, even though most of my detective novels make it seem like they are. And besides, they are probably looking for your aunt herself and not the way in which she left the scene. What is that? A cigarette butt. People shouldn't smoke. Julia doesn't. And it's way too old, anyway. Here's something. A scrap of paper. People shouldn't litter. " Pine Valley Yacht Club. " It's a valet ticket. Whoever this valet ticket belongs to probably drives a car and probably drove it here between now and September 22. And they pulled off on the side of the road and they picked up Aunt Julia. They gave her a ride. Well, that's a pretty big " what if. " Yes, but what if we just found our first clue? Oh, goodness. Another woman that gets me a code. She tells me, anyway. You'd never admit it. But you're driven by this old-school chivalry. It's not that Julia is Maria's sister, it's that she's a woman in need of help. And for the life of you, you can't walk away. Do you remember when we played blackjack for candy? I liked you so much better then. Hmm. I ended up hating you. Hmm. Wow. Never heard that before. I was wrong. You are a decent guy. Excuse me. I got work to do. There's damsels in distress, and my cape is at the cleaner's. You know how it is. Just checking in to see if you're dead yet. Fine, I think. How about you? Pregnant yet? That's the million-dollar question. Still up in the air. Keep me posted? You do the same. your glory days good-bye. From here on out, it will be my mission to make sure that you no longer ruin women's lives the way you've ruined my daughter Kendall's. I've given Kendall and Greenlee a miracle. And I will intend to do the same for countless women throughout the world. As long as there's a biological clock that ticks, women will need me. There's nothing you say or nothing you do will change that. You really do believe you have the right to play God. Well, this can't be the first time that you have stepped over the line. I will find out what you've done, Doctor. And I will destroy you. Ryan-'s-voice " Jonathan had the right idea, to write you, tell you everything, how much I miss you. I would give anything to come back, take you in my arms, and pick up where we left off, but I can't. There's still I will never risk that again. I love you too much. That's why I have to let you go. You'll never read this. You'll never know I'm still here alive, missing you, loving you. I will always love you, Greenlee. But it's best for you to go on believing I'm gone, so you can get on with your life. This is it. This has to be the end. " How about a charter flight to someplace warm? No. No occasion, just looking to get away, clear my head. Sure, that works. Yeah, I'm still here. You know what? Change of plans I'd like to go to Nova Scotia. Great. I'm on my way. 
Erica Finally Tells Us How She Really Feels. " What the tabloids wouldn't give for this. Too bad for them it's just you and me. Why don't you tell me how you really feel about me? How arrogant are you? And how dismissive, as if nothing I could say could really matter. So, are you giving up this second chance I supposedly " owed " you? Well, I held your hand and fetched your tea too long. You think I don't know who you are? You don't know me. You don't even know who you are. But you will. You will know who we are to each other and who we're going to be. Look, it's been a rough day, a lot has happened. Why don't you What, come to my senses, try to think things through, maybe go for that dinner invitation? No. Why don't you sit down and take a moment, please, Ryan, I asked my ex-best friend's soon-to-be ex-husband who, by the way, is my ex-fianc, but knocked me up way after the fact. Without ever touching you. Yes, exactly him, you. I asked you to make good on your offer and move in with me. Now, are you going to do it, or you going to drive me nuts? If you want me there, I'm there. This is it, Ethan.Blondilocks conned you whoosh right out the door. No. No. I wasn't conned. I let Babe take her son so that she could abandon that cruel J.R. and leave Pine Valley forever. This way, she'll never torment my sweet Amanda again. Get a brain scan make sure you still have one. Bouncy bimbo's going to go straight to the rich boy, who's going to sic the cops on you. gang in no time at all. Or maybe you'll just fly straight to the cuckoo's nest. No, no, no No No No Come on, Mom, answer, answer, answer. Oh, damn Mom, please, you have to call me back as soon as you get this. People say that you kidnapped Babe and Little Adam, and the cops are going to come to me next. What am I supposed to tell them? Come on, you have to call me back now before things go from bad to worse to no-coming-back. Don't fight me, Babe. Janet, please. I I know you don't want to scare the baby. Don't do this. Oh, don't you " the baby " me. Trying to work my tender feelings? We had a deal I was supposed to take him and go far away. It's what you wanted course, I wanted you gone. But you lied to me. Come here, sweetie. No, you can't Oh, don't you scare the baby. Now, come here, honey. Ooh, yes. You're a manipulative, lying, little you-know-what. You have no idea what it takes to be a good mother. Luckily, I do. Yes, I do. My son, my mother. Why do I always lose everyone that I love? Janet, what is going on? I never lied to you. Mm-hmm, come on, give it to me. Give me your coat. What did you do, Babe? Did you did you cross your fingers behind your back? Or do you just lie for the fun of it, so that you can laugh at the poor fools who fall for it? Huh? You know, I believed in you. I believed in you, Babe Well, how about you believe this. I'm as good as busted. Because you wouldn't let me take Little A and go away, J.R. pretty much owns that sweet boy's soul. He hurt Amanda, he ran her down. What, you want another Adam Chandler in this world, because I sure as heck don't. I am just like you, Janet. All I want to do is protect Little Adam the same way you want to protect Amanda. And you let me get in that car and think that my son was safe, and now now you're keeping me here. You didn't just betray me and Little Adam, you've betrayed your precious daughter. You have gone and screwed things up for Amanda all over again. Don't expect her to thank you for it. Where's your mother? What, that's it? You just come in, " Where's Janet? " Like I know. Do just like her? Of course not. I mean, let's be honest, you've done some pretty iffy things since you've been back very iffy. If you're still the same person I've known for years, you haven't changed, which means I haven't. I'm still your friend, right? You think she's at it again. I don't know. I just want to find Babe and Little Adam before anybody gets hurt. Look, you're wrong about my mom, ok? She gets freaked out I don't know, she bakes me too many cookies but she wouldn't hurt anyone. Amanda, don't kid yourself. People died in that explosion. And it just has to be my mother's fault even though there's no proof. Fine. You don't think Janet's involved, I understand. Help me prove it. Now, she calls you, what, every ID. I haven't been able to reach her. If we wait long enough, she'll call. Look, if anyone talks to my mom, it has to be my dad. Call him. I I just get his voicemail, he doesn't call me back. Ok. Terrific. That's brilliant. If you want Trevor onboard, he should be onboard. I'll get Aidan right on it, make sure that your father's right there with us, but right now you're all I got. Find someone else. Amanda, Little Adam is just a boy. He doesn't deserve this. Now, if your mother is involved, you're the only one that can solve this. Just give me the phone. I'll trace the call, I'll find your mother, and I'll owe you we'll all owe you and anything that happened between J.R. and Jamie and you will be forgotten. have saved a little boy's life. Stop, ok? I swore I would never betray my own mother. You betrayed me. You are not my employee and not my friend. You are nothing to me, as I am nothing to you. How can you say that, Erica? You're my idol. When I say " nothing, " I mean nothing. Not even your enemy. I will not press charges against you for drugging me. Never mind that you couldn't prove that I drugged you even if you wanted to. All the charges would do is give you more ink on how you lost it and stabbed your daughter's lover. I don't want to hurt you, Josh. I'm very sorry that you chose to hurt me. We can't change what's happened, but we do have control over what happens next. There's no need for us to go to war. Just move on. . That means I can not teach you, I can not mentor you, you can not ride my coattails to whatever vision of success you have for yourself. So it's time to go, Josh. It's time for you to leave Pine Valley and never come back. Come on, sit down. I just want to know what you need. I don't need anything from you. Well, then why did you ask me to move in with you? Because Zach is across the courtyard, and if you live with me, then you're a lot closer. And I'm sorry, but that matters because Because, Ryan. Because he lost his son, and he's in pain, and it kills me. Because I still love him, and he still loves me, and it'll never work. So I don't want to go knocking on his door trying to make it better. Then don't I can't forgive him. Well, then what's the problem? I mean, you can't forgive him you can't forgive him, it is it is his fault. Right. And that's supposed to matter when it's 3:00 AM, and I see that he's home, and he's awake. And I know that he's going over every single thing in his head over and over again all the times that he screwed over Ethan or he hurt him or refused him, or all the times that we talked about our life together. I'm supposed to just go to bed, just just forget about that, not walk all of 20 feet, not hold Zach, and not not try again? This is what you want. He betrayed me, so we're done. It's over. And even if we did try again, it would never work, and and we would just crash and burn, and if you care about me, you won't let that happen, either. Whoa, whoa, whoa ok, so I am supposed to stop Kendall Hart from doing what she wants to do? That's what I'm supposed to do? I'm like your warden now? Yeah, you got a problem with that? You said you said whatever I want. Well, this is it, and if you don't like it, if you can't handle it, then, fine, you can go away, you can leave me, it's fine. Whoa easy, please. Easy, easy. You want a buffer, you want me there to make sure you don't go back to Zach. Finally he catches on. You want to use me. Exactly. So, yes or no? I said yes before, I'm saying yes now. Yes if that's what you really want together on this one? Both of you want me out of this town as fast as you can boot me out, as if I never existed. Greg Madden can rot in hell before I would ever do anything for him. You know, it's interesting my dad can rot in hell, but me you just want to shove off. Why is that? We never would've met if it hadn't been for your father. Trust me on that. You tried to ruin me, and you didn't. It's time for you to move on. Listen to yourself, Erica, as if you almost regret it. Things I regret Why don't you curse my name, throw something, threaten my life as I know it? Something's not right here. Why aren't you out to destroy me? Amanda, don't get me wrong. I don't want to see Janet get hurt. I just God's sake, how old were you when she asked you to cross your heart and hope to die, huh? 10? 15? You know the usual bad words that kids aren't supposed to say? Well, they were different in our house " nuts, " " crazy, " " psycho, " and " crowbar " let's not forget that one. Those were the words that could get you a time-out. Jamie and J.R. I used to be so jealous of them. They had no idea how lucky they were to have normal moms who were normal all the time. Janet had a pretty good run there, I recall. Yeah, it was great which made it that much worse when it was over. Tad, I am the center of her life. The least I can do is keep a promise. Amanda, a sane woman wouldn't have asked you to make that promise. Don't do the reason why I made the promise. I won't be the one to get my mom killed. I told you I don't want to see Janet get hurt. I give you my word, if she's done anything, we'll get her the help she needs. " Help " means the Psych ward. You don't get it that is death to my mother. If I am the reason that she goes back there, it's as if I pulled the trigger myself. Ok. Think about this. Do you want to be responsible for the deaths of Babe and Little Adam? Zach? I don't need revenge. It's just time for you to move on with your life elsewhere, as I plan to go on with mine. That's it? Hands washed, no big deal? You said you deserved to be a star. Go to LA and be one. You certainly So you just want me to leave town, so you don't have to look at my face anymore? Is that a surprise to you, Josh? No, I don't want to see your face. This has all been a strange mistake. None of this ever should've happened. Maybe I did sell you short. You certainly did. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude. It's ok. You here to see someone? My brother. Son. I'm so sorry. It's ok, I lost him before he died. I lost him before he was born. In a lot of ways, he wasn't my son to lose at all. If you don't mind my asking, how did you lose him? Was there any other way? Could things have been different? You sure you want to do this? Because I will tell you. You can . I knew Zach Slater offered to buy her out and then give all her shares to you. Is that what happened? Is that why she's got enough money, because Zach Slater made it available so she can go on the run? Run where? Never mind. You know what? Ask me if I even care about Babe, then ask me if I know anything about Zach other than he broke my heart, and he lost his son. Finally, ask yourself how long it will take you to get out of my house, and then do it, please. No, not until you answer the damn question. No but, J.R ., please, just get out. Please? Out. I wanted to marry Babe Well, that was your first mistake. And then the bitch betrayed me. Oh. Well, why didn't you say so? Ahem. You came to the right place. a grown man, and then I denied him. I denied who he was to me. And this is going to sound crazy, but I did it, because I wanted to be a good father to him, and I thought the only way I can do that is by not being a father at all. Does it make sense? Yeah. It makes a lot of sense, actually. I wanted to give him a good shot at life, and I knew that didn't include me or my family. I wanted him to be a better man than I ever was. But I made a lot of mistakes, a lot of them, and by the time I reached out to him and asked his forgiveness and told him that I loved him What did he say? Well, it was too late. I'm so sorry. He looked at me, and he told me that he would never forgive me his last words. I close my eyes, that's all I see him, his face, saying those words and I can't forget. I can't forgive myself. You think about what I said. Call me when you're ready, but sooner is better than later. David. What what are you doing here? You need me here to listen, Amanda, because you're going to tell me everything you wouldn't tell Martin. Liar you're a good one, though, I'll give you that. You're like my sister, Natalie. She used to get me in trouble, and then I would get the triple-long groundings that she should've gotten. I don't want to get you in trouble, Janet you or Amanda. All I want to do is get out of your hair for good. So if you could just give me back the keys and our coats so I can get my son. Yes, exactly. You did it again you just lied. This isn't about you or your son. This is about you lying to me, so that you can get out of here and sic your rich intended on me and mine. You conned me, Babe. You made me convinced that you were interested in being a decent mother. You're not I am a decent mother, you pathetic nut job Oh Oh, oh What did you just say to me? Angered, -Janet-waves-a-fireplace 2-poker-at-Babe. Your son Ethan. His name was Ethan. Ethan. Ethan. Was he an unforgiving man? I don't think so. I think he was generous and loyal, a little wry. And he had this laugh that would come out of nowhere. A big old laugh. It it made you think what kind of a kid he must've been. You didn't know No, he was conceived, born, raised, and I had no idea at all. Well, I'm sure he he couldn't have held that against you. What he couldn't forgive was that I denied him once I knew who he was. Despite all that, he he was looking for happiness, and he found it. He was looking for love, and he found that, too. He was getting married, you know, just he and his fiance were planning this big wedding. And I got I got a feeling I wouldn't have been invited, but that's ok, I would've gone, anyway. Stand in the back and just hear that laugh, you know? (Zach-sighs) Ahem. Excuse me. Do you think he had any idea how much you loved him? I think I lied too often and too easily for him to believe that. Well, I hear I hear that. me. I fell for it. She played me again. Sometimes soft, sometimes feisty she kept me on my toes. Zach said all the right things, made me feel safe like he was the one person I could believe in. Want to know what the worst part is? I believed it. The family thing her, me, our son real love, you know? I'm such an idiot. No, J.R ., the worst part is the love can be real, and they can betray you, anyway. What? All that with Babe? You're saying that her love could've been real? Could be. Doesn't really make a difference in the end, anyway. Because you're here, and the person that you gave your heart to is I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said what I said to you. You're you're right, I do screw whole mothering thing. I I have a lot to learn. You're right you're right about everything. You have been rude and wrong, and you do need to be punished, the way my mother used to punish me. How did she do that? Go to your room, young lady, and you may come out when you can behave I said that I was sorry And you can come out when you actually mean it Oh, God. Trevor? Little-Adam Can I have my milk? Trevor, where are you? I need you. Ah. It's ok. Well, of course I know where you are. But do you have any idea what it's like to be a single parent? Because that's what you've done to me. Ok. Ok. Wood, window, nails. Amanda needs me. Hey, little man. She needs the what? We're going to play a game you, me, and loud Janet out there. She's being so loud, isn't she? So loud that she can't hear what we're saying. Can Mommy see what you have in here? Um Mommy's going to borrow Mr. Spoony here, and I'm going to get to work on those nails. And then after that, Mama and Little A are going to play a new game. It's called run home to Daddy. Little-Adam I don't need this. Ok. I'll take him. You know something, Mandy? You're absolutely right. I have treated you like a jerk, but don't take it personally. Ask anyone I'm always a jerk. And I thought that you had done some harm to my daughter. But I was wrong, wasn't I? I wanted Jamie. Big deal. So when the pumpkin soup was poisoned that wasn't you, was it? It was your mother. Boy, that must've been very painful for you to be accused of doing so many outrageous things like those people ending up in that truck dumped in quicksand. It wasn't me any of it. It was all Janet? I'm not supposed to talk about it. Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I'm doing all the talking, not you. But still Yeah no, look, trust me, Amanda, you're off the hook. I put some truth serum in your iced tea. Now, back to where we were - Kendall hanging off the side of that building, Babe being pushed down those stairs? So not me. Me nearly carved up for open-heart surgery? You're Babe's dad, and, like you said, you're a jerk. Amanda, do you think your mother hasn't admit it, but I know she does. Where are my daughter and my grandson, Amanda? I don't know. Look, listen to me carefully. I want you to tell me where your lunatic mother has my daughter. I can't, I don't know. If my daughter ran away with my grandson to get away from that jerk J.R ., I could live with that. But if your mother has harmed my daughter in any way well, fair is fair, don't you think, Amanda? Do you want to hurt me, David? Oh, yeah. And that is the truth. Hey, good-looking. I I crossed paths with Josh on my way past the elevator. I assume he's been in here? I hope you don't think I'm dense if I ask you how it went. Well, I'm fine at least I will be when Josh does Leave town. Huh. So I guess you didn't tell him that you and he are famiglia. No, I did not, and I won't. Because I really do think it's better for Josh and for everyone if Josh just never knows in fact, better that he forgets he ever met me. Mm-hmm. But as a friend, do you mind if I ask how it was that you came to this decision? Kendall the first child I wasn't ever supposed to know. And now she's pregnant, and and she has no idea, she has no vision of of this baby, and she she doesn't even know if they're supposed to be together, or if she's doing the right thing. Well, I mean, not for nothing, but, you know, there's always the adoption route. It's none of my business, but, hey, you know, the fact, you were a growing a boy when the Martins adopted you. I think you understood. " Understood "? Becoming a Martin meant I got to get away from Ray Gardner. Erica, the world is full of stories like this, of kids whose adoptive parents have all the love and support that they're ever going to need or want. I know. And believe me, that's what I wanted for Kendall that kind of peace and that kind of security. But for Kendall I mean, when she found out that I had put her up for adoption, it broke a part of her, and I don't want Josh to be broken. Well, I got to admit, even with his ego, something like this could do some serious damage. I do think it's better if he just goes on with his life as it is. Well, I certainly have to give Greg Madden more credit than I ever thought I'd than any of us suspected. With a family tree like that, Josh is bound to have some glitches. Well, the only thing I truly regret in all this is that Greg Madden gets away with it, you know? That just means Josh and I are some sort of a science project. Yeah. You have to be at peace with that. If this is the decision you make, he keeps his business and keeps his license. And we keep quiet. Exactly. In the meantime, I need you to do me a favor. We have to tell my father. I'm sorry, but something tells me this is not going to be too easy for him to take. Well, it was very hard for me, too, believe me. Do you think that Joe will understand, that Josh was never ours to begin with? My son. He's an incredibly beautiful young man, and I was very lucky we got was little. I should explain that he's alive. He's a grown man. He's an incredibly beautiful, wonderful adult. He's very complicated, though, and I think confused, and I know I had a lot to do with that. I left him with his father, and (Dixie-sighs) When I had a chance to come back, I didn't. But you're here now. I really think it might be too late. Why? He's not here, so you still have a shot. I've changed so much, and so many things have happened, and I I just don't know if I'm what he needs anymore. I think I just might make things worse. Well, there's the rub. I saw him, though. He's all grown up. I heard his voice. Ha. Sorry. And it's funny I was so close once I could almost touch himn't know how to help him. And honestly, sometimes I think it would be incredibly selfish of me to even try. Dr. Martin, I accept your offer to join the PVH staff. I couldn't be more pleased. You're what this place needs new ideas, new blood. New doctor's coat I left mine at med school. (Joe-laughs) I'll start whenever you want. Mommy was so busy working she didn't realize the lady stopped yelling. I guess that means we'll have to be even quieter. Let's see who can be softer Mommy or Little A. And you know what? I bet we'll both win, and we can get home to Daddy sooner than soon. Little-Adam What's Daddy doing? Daddy's waiting for us to get home. Mommy and Little A are going to be just fine. What part of the concept of truth serum are you not understanding? I ask where is the head case you call Mommy? What part of the concept of truth serum do you not understand? If I said I don't know, it means I don't know All right, Amanda. You're absolutely right, my mistake. I'm going to have to find another way to flush out Mommy freakazoid. Now, get up. Aah You're coming with me. I'm going to make your mother a trade her daughter, still breathing, for my daughter and her son, still safe and sound. And if she doesn't pony them up oh - Mommy's back. Can you believe this, J.R.? You are the safest, least destructive man in my life. Hmm. You know, it should've been us all along friends with the most excellent bennies. It would've saved us a boatload of misery, nice and simple. Yeah, well, it late. Ryan Lavery at your service. Thank you. Huh. What are the odds, huh? What are the odds on what? Oh, everything you and me meeting like this. What would you do if you were me? If I were you, I would disappear again, leave well enough alone. But that's only my opinion, Dixie. 
That's wonderful. Joe? You're putting Josh on staff? He's just accepted an internship. I'll stop by your office later and nail down the details. Yeah, that sounds good. I'll have everything ready. Aren't new beginnings inspiring? Joe, you you can not do this. Josh needs a job, I need an intern. Josh can not work in this hospital. Please, Joe, tell him that you made a mistake. Tell him that another intern has been hired already. I can't do that. I want him out of Pine Valley. No, Erica. I will not turn my back on my grandson. Where's my son? You said you talked to Babe you know where she took him? I haven't talked to Babe. You said you had something concrete. Aidan thinks he has a lead that will help us find Babe and Little Adam. Oh. to dump it on Janet, now this nut job? No, forget it. Babe took my son, not some random nut job. Joltin' Janet knocks one out of the park, and we got two runners headed for home Oh, my God. That would be you and me, honey. Mom, did you kill him? If I had wanted to do him in, I would've used a crowbar. Oh, my God. No, this just put a dent in his arrogance. Sweetie, I have been so worried about you. Mom, I wanted to find you Because you miss me as much as I miss you oh, I know, darling. I know, sweetie. I got all your messages, and I know that you needed me to come whack this no-goodnik. I have, my job here is done. Let's go get ice cream. Mom, no, triple-chocolate zit attack? Mom It's ok, just this once. Listen What did you do with Babe and her son? Ow Ooh Oh, that hurt Oh. I'm sorry, baby. Little-Adam What happened? Mommy's hurt her finger a little bit. It's ok, though. It's a little boo-boo. Little-Adam It's a little hurt? It's a little hurt, but I'll be ok. See? All better. Little-Adam It's all better? All better. I'll be fine. Little-Adam It's better? You're such a sweet boy. You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray Little-Adam What's that? You'll never know dear how much I love you Little-Adam No, no, no, Mama. After that. Please don't take my sunshine away. Little-Adam Sing it Sing it song? What did you say? Your name Dixie. I hope that's short for something. That's funny. Um you know, I look like a lot of people. Who's who's she? Was she somebody you went to school with? Don't do that. I know exactly who you are. I recognized you the moment you walked up Dixie Cooney Martin. Welcome back to Pine Valley. I don't know you. I don't know you, either. But I know your story, and I know some of your family. Really? Which ones? Di. I talk to her quite a bit. You know, she used to be Dixie. Yeah, I heard. Hmm. She wanted a new life I get that. But why she'd want to grab on to yours with that family I don't understand. Maybe she was desperate. You I'm not. Uncle Palmer, Tad? That little idiot Junior? That kid's a mess. You still fronting for Babe? You trying to throw me off, make me scared? First it's Janet no, no, now it's Jonathan Lavery? Are you done? Or do you want to continue to make a jerk out of yourself? Listen, Jonathan didn't come here to be accused of Erin, we know that Jonathan didn't take Babe and Little Adam. You're damn right. Babe's the one who set the whole thing up. You want me to shut him up for you, Jamie? Just what did you find? I've been covering Janet Dillon's neighborhood. Who's Janet? Dillon, like like Amanda Dillon. Exactly. Janet is Amanda's mother. And she has a history of mental illness. So do thousands of people. That does did that. You want to find your son or not? Janet's house is deserted, and nobody in her neighborhood has seen her since before Thanksgiving. That's right, J.R. Thanksgiving, when your family was sucking down poisoned soup, and then at Christmas when Little Adam was missing. I found him in in the church. Right. And then when a truckload of our relatives were driven into quicksand Jonathan, when did you first meet that woman? Was it before Thanksgiving? No, it was way after Thanksgiving. The last time I saw her was was with Amanda in the jail. I took out all my Amanda scrapbooks that's how much I needed my Amanda fix and I put them all out, and I looked at all the pictures of my Mandy-Pandy. Oh, and look look what I found to carry with me always. Do you remember? Now, these were good times other as mother and daughter. Babe and Little Adam Mom, you took them somewhere. You did something to them. You have to tell me. Honey, Babe oh, oh That hateful person, she's just ruining your life, my sweetie. Don't even think about her. Don't. Just put her out of your pretty mind, because Babe isn't going to bother you ever again. See, it's all better. It's ok. Little-Adam It's all better? It's all better, sweetie. Janet? Hey, that that scream of pain that you heard in here? Um I got this wicked splinter. You have some peroxide? Sounds like the wicked troll is asleep. Sweetie, will you do Mommy a favor? If I ever go off the deep end like that, will you put me away (Little-Adam-mumbles) So I can't torture people? It is not very heavy . No. No Why go looking for irritation and heartache, especially when there's double-fudge ripple waiting for us? Mother, I'm not 7 years old anymore, ok? You can't distract me with sweets. Just tell me about Babe and her son. Once upon a time, there was a blonde little gnome, pretty to look at but rotting in her soul. Mother, you have got to focus I am I am looking at the greatest gift of my life. If I ever have to grow up, I want to grow up to be just like you. Mom, don't say that. Why not? It's true, treasure. Now, come on, baby. Sit down. Tell me, did did Babe's greasy-looking father did he try to hurt you? Is he on her bandwagon like everyone else in this God-forsaken town? Honey, they all want to hurt you. They want, " Mother Not " they " you You are the only one doing that. You're hurting me, Mom. You're ruining my life. How could you hire Josh to work here at this hospital? Josh is your son, my grandson. You say that as as if we've known that forever. Well, it's going to take a little getting used to. Joe, Josh can never know what we know. No, I mean, I I have given this a lot of thought. And Josh should just go away from here. He should go far away. I mean, that's really what's best for everyone, especially for Josh. Keeping him in the dark, hmm? No protecting him. She's got a point. What if you were Josh? How would you feel if you found out one day that everything that That you were my mother?, what is Josh going to think of of what Greg Madden did? I don't care about that. My main concern right now is my grandson himself. Now, I know he's been bouncing around, you know, going from medicine to Wall Street to television Sabotage. Josh has lost his way, and I intend to help him find it again. Pop? Congratulate me. I'm about to become your colleague. I accepted Joe Martin's offer. You're looking at Pine Valley Hospital's newest and brightest intern. Yeah, this place doesn't know what it's getting. So Janet was taken back to the mother ship before Thanksgiving. So what? Jonathan was stalked by a woman wearing different disguises. That woman set him up. You want to believe Lavery, you go right ahead, but it doesn't mean the woman that he's claiming to see was her. Let's not forget Jonathan shots. I was sick Yeah, you were sick, and you still are sick Why don't you just do us a favor and shut up, J.R. Janet-'s-voice But life can be so sucky-wucky (Tape-stops) What the hell - I gained access to Janet's house. Whoa. You mean you broke in? And I found these tapes. That was Janet. Janet seems to have taped every single phone conversation that she had with Amanda. Jonathan, come over here. I want you to listen to these tapes and see whether you recognize Janet's voice. Sure, ok. Amanda-'s-voice Mom, you know I love you. Janet-'s-voice I'm as bad as Trevor says I am. Amanda-'s-voice Mom, no Janet-'s-voice Your father thinks I smother you, that I won't cut the apron strings, that I can't. Amanda-'s-voice It's ok, Mom. Please don't get upset. Janet-'s-voice I lost so much this? Shh Janet-'s-voice I have all that time to make up. Amanda, please come home. Amanda-'s-voice I have to make my own way. Janet-'s-voice Why? And why Pine Valley of all the hateful towns in the world? Amanda-'s-voice It's where I used to live. I have friends here. Have you been taking your meds? Janet-'s-voice They don't keep me from being lonely for my little girl. If you can't visit me, I'll come to you. Amanda-'s-voice No Pine Valley has some pretty bad memories for you, Mom. Janet-'s-voice I can stand anything for you. That's her That's the chameleon lady How can you say that when everything I do, I do for you to make you happy? Explosions don't do it for me, Mom. I brought down the house And you think that's funny? I just want you to smile. Honey, it's better when you died. Do you get that? Didn't want to kill anyone, I didn't. I can't ahem take this. I can't listen to these hateful accusations. I am not a criminal I am a devoted, loving mother. Mom, listen, ok? Listen, it's not your fault, ok? It's my fault. I should've found Dad, I should've gotten him back here. Your father could not have stopped me from helping you. No one could. Mom, listen. I love you, but I can not let you leave here by yourself. You're coming with me, then. Excellent It's going to be like the good old days The Dillon gals together again oh, come on Let's go home and have a spa night. We can do facials and manicures. Mom, stop No, listen, ok? I can not give you the help back to the hospital. Joe, there's a lot of weight to what you say. But the truth about Josh is that he's a self-starter. He's a go-getter. He's a shark. He doesn't need your help. And he doesn't really want this job. He's he's using you to spite his father and me. Could be. But, Erica, what if Miranda grew up not knowing who you were, and then she appeared suddenly in your life as an adult? Would you turn your back on her? No matter what Miranda did, could you cut her out of your life? You know I couldn't. Well, there's your answer. Josh isn't Miranda. I'm telling you, you can't trust him. Joe, can't you just tell Josh that you were mistaken? Years ago, Erica, you made a choice without consulting any of us, and but now, through some miracle, we discover that we have a grandson that we never knew anything about. But something about that miracle is terribly wrong. I'm grateful. Are you saying that you approve of what Greg Madden did? Erica, I never approved of what you did. Let me know if you want to consult on a case. You're so smug and superior. You only accepted Joe's offer so you could stick it to me. Oh, and you're so perceptive. You should've become a shrink, Dad. And don't forget, I'm sticking it to Erica, too. She wanted me out of town, as well. How could this have happened? Poor Dad. Am I more pain in the rear than miracle son? You brought me into the world to do great things. Why don't you enjoy the view? If only I What? If only that. I didn't say that. Don't even think that. I love you. I wanted you so badly I risked You risked what, Dad? Wait a minute. Are you going to tell my family that you saw me, that I'm here? No. I don't interfere in people's lives anymore. And I don't give a damn about your family. Listen. The things that you did to your son, the crimes that you committed, if if you could go back and undo them, would you? I did what I believed to be the right thing to do. So if you could go back, you would probably make the same choices? The same mistakes? I probably would. God help me, so would I. You're all the help I need. You're all the medicine Please, my darling, please. Trust me. Believe in me. protecting my baby and taking care of her the way I've always protected her. Mom, I love you, I do And it's your turn to protect me. Honey, please please don't send me back to that place. They don't care about who I am, and they they just twist me inside and out. I don't want to go back there. I don't want to be that person again. Please don't please please don't make me be her again. I don't like her. She scares me. She she's no fun, and she's uninteresting, and she has no soul She has no spirit. She has no she's just nothing. There's nothing there for her, not in her life, and there's nothing for her to love, not even herself. I can't please Oh, God, please, Amanda, do not send me back, my God, you swore that you would never send me back to the hospital Ok Ok, I won't, all right? Oh. I won't. Oh, thank you, sweetie. Thank you, my baby. Look, I'm sorry, Mom. I didn't mean to upset you, ok? You do love me? Yes, and no matter what, you know that. Yeah, oh, God, I feel so much better. I can breathe again. Are you cold? No. No, I'm warm as toast with cinnamon butter on it. How come? Uh I think Miss Fargate's trying to save on her heating bill. Oh, sweetie, are you cold? Here, you want my coat? No, no. You keep it, Mom, but do you mind getting me a sweater from my room? Which one? get you one that matches those beautiful gold flecks in your eyes. Thank you, sweetie. (David-groans) Uh-oh. Ohh. Uh-uh-uh-uh. Nothing like the good book Aah To get you through the night. Mom Oh. Well, he he deserves a headache for messing with my princess. Janet-'s-voice Honey, are you sure everything's fabu? You sound a weensy bit down in the Dumpster. Are you sure? Amanda-'s-voice No, everything's ok, great. Everything's great. Janet-'s-voice You can't fool Mother. Those Pine Valleyites can be hell. That's her No, that that is her, Aidan That's the that's the chameleon lady. That was the trooper and the balloon person and the nurse and Lavery's word for anything is meaningless. You can't let yourself believe it, can you? Babe has to be the kidnapper. Babe took him, like hell Babe was on a beach watching Little Adam build a sand castle, but it ain't happening Hello? It's me, Jamie. I need you over here fast. Wait. What's going on? Get over here right now You have to hurry Hello? Are you there? Hello You should put this on my tombstone " She was stabbed in the back by her serpent's tooth. " Mom, I was checking my messages. You were calling Jamie Martin. I heard you. I just need you to calm down and listen, ok, Mom? I am sick of being calmed down. And I'm sick of people who say they care about me turning against me. You're you're still crazy for that Jamie Martin. You're wild about him. How could you choose him over your own mother? Mom, I didn't, I just want did. Yes, you did. You're wild about him. And this is the biggest mistake trust me, I know what I'm talking about. I was wild about Trevor. I would do anything. I transformed myself for him, just to get his attention away from Nattie. You don't need to do this. You do not need to degrade yourself this way. I won't You are not the little chubby-cheeked, mousy-haired, four-eyed, clumsy you're beautiful. You're wonderful. You deserve everything. You deserve to have everything that you dream of. It's Babe Babe, that little vicious bitch blonde. She doesn't deserve to be a mother. You know that. She really doesn't. She does not deserve to be a mother to that sweet, wonderful little boy, who deserves much better than she is. Mom, Babe loves Little Adam. She's his mother. And this counts with you? Except when it's your mother. Is that it? You just don't love me anymore now. Yes, I do Mother, listen I love you so much, my heart hurts And I don't want to lose you again. That is why I have to take you back to the hospital. Because I don't want what we have to end. Sleep tight, sweetie. Sweet dreams of your daddy. Oh I knew it I just told Little A that you Is he ok? Are you ok? You're both ok? We are now. Oh Oh I'm sorry. I freaked out. I've been messing with us when we could have been happy. But we will be, I swear. I love you, Babe. I never stopped loving you. God, I love you. Let's just get out of here. We're going to get 're going to get married first. We're going to find a justice of the peace. Little Adam can be our unofficial witness. And when we get back home, we're going to be husband and wife. No more fights, no more being apart. I love you, J.R. Who was that? Babe? Hmm? Call me back, fast. That was Babe, wasn't it? You think you know everything. Yeah, J.R. Yeah, it was Babe. She's in Tahiti, and she reserved me a cabana. Hey, this is serious. Then start listening to someone who has a clue Where the hell is he going? Going to Tahiti. Why why are you always so angry? Erin, does he have a brain tumor, too? You'd better join forces with your brother, J.R ., before it's too late. To hell with Jamie. . You can't save Babe. I'm going to make her sorry she ever took my son, sorry for the rest of her short, miserable life. J.R.-storms-out, -slamming-the-door 2-behind-him. Look, I came back because I had to see my son. I had to know how he was doing. It was time, among other things. And I was going to just take a look and and run away, but I didn't. When I found out that Ethan was my son, I should have left. Now he's left me. Why are you still here? A woman. Ha, ha. And you love her? Yeah, I do. But I've done things to her, too. Can you undo them? I don't think so. What about you? You still love Tad? Hmm. Tad and I were kids together. We wished on stars together. I does, too. I feel it. But if he finds out what I've done, no more wishes. Pop, why don't you take it easy. She's already been through enough. Erica called the shots all those years ago, and now she's trying to dictate what I do now. No, Joe, I really did have very, very good reasons. For breaking Jeff's heart? He loved you, Erica, even when he realized you didn't love him. It's just not true. With you, it was always career. Before husband, before children it was all about your shot at success. No, Joe, really, it wasn't like that. I just when I found out that I was pregnant, I had this this overwhelming constant anxiety attack. It was like this weight was pressing on my chest. It was a panic. And and I didn't know, but it was not about career or success. I know that now. Kendall. Yes. Joe, I had been pregnant before. Only I didn't know that. I had blocked it. I had no idea. I disassociated because that pregnancy was the result of the rape. And, of course, I didn't know that when I was married to Jeff. All I knew was that I had this overwhelming this this this blinding constant fear. That's why I couldn't have Jeff's baby. I couldn't. That's why I broke his heart. Joe, I did what I did to survive. I'm sorry if I misjudged you. We didn't we just didn't have all the facts at the time. Thank you. Then you understand why you can't hire Josh to work here. I won't rescind my offer. Have you also decided to tell him that he's your grandson, Erica. Perhaps you? No. No, I won't change my mind. Josh should not know that I'm his mother. And you think Jeff will feel the same way? I've already spoken with him. Jeff's not ready to make any kind of decision. (Pager-beeps) Excuse me. I have to get back to my office. Tad, is there anything you can do? Not when his mind's made up. That's just the kind of man he is. Families always come first, last, and always. And as of now, like it or not, Josh is family. Don't care to share, Dad? What, are you ashamed? Afraid to tell me what you've risked bringing me into the world? You know what? Your old memories don't matter. Keep' em. The future my future is all that counts. And it's going to be great. own advice. And stay out of my way. That is her The shape of her face and her mouth that's the lady And there is no doubt? No. No, none none at all. I mean, she looks like a fun person, but she's not, Aidan. She's she's really dangerous. Yep, she is very dangerous. And with your help, we might just be able to put her away. Great, so what's the next step? We go down to the police station, we play them these tapes, we show them this picture, and we tell them what you told us. It's ok, they're going to believe you, all right? It'll help Little Adam and Babe? And we'll find them. And the police will drop all the charges against you. Ok. Ok, let's go. in first. Ok. Ok. Ok. Thank you, Aidan. I have somewhere that I have to stop first, but I'll meet you back at home, ok? Ok. Ok. You know, that Janet Dillon is a psychopath. I mean, is there a crime out there that she hasn't committed? And now she's gone and taken an innocent boy and his mother? And Jonathan is just trying to start his life all over again and right the wrongs that he has done, and that woman could have put him in prison for the rest of his freaking life Yeah. Yeah, but thanks to you, that's not going to happen, Aidan. Yeah. Yeah, Jonathan's going to be ok now. (Aidan-sighs) I think I love you. I don't want to push you away, Mom. I want you with me. In a chemical haze, behind barbed wire come and visit you lots, and you're going to get better. I am fine, right now, just the way I am. You don't give a damn about me. You only care about finding Babe and her son, so that you can score bigtime points with Jamie Martin. That is not why I did this. This is a mistake, Amanda. You will rue this, bigtime. Casting me aside for Jamie and Babe is a defining moment. Here and now, you start your downward slide into misery without your mom. Mom, I can not let you go Sweetheart, you can't stop me. I think I can. You will have to fight me to get past me. I have no idea what Jeff's plans are, but if he decides he wants to meet Josh, then we're going to have to come up with So Joe's gone? Yeah, he had take back his offer to me, didn't you? I explained my position. But I impressed the hell out of him. He wants me onboard. I tend to do that to most people. They respond to my focus, my drive Your modesty. My confidence. And you were a fool to let me go, Erica. After everything I did for you? I gave you life. Why don't you back off. She doesn't need the stress. What she needs is her rest. Yeah, that's exactly what I'd prescribe. I'll see you soon. He gave me life? I don't know I don't know how I'm going to be able to take this. I mean, Josh and Greg Madden in Pine Valley working here, with your father? Something's going to go wrong. I mean, it just has to. (Dixie-sighs) You know, when I was younger, would make all the right decisions. Do all the right things. Right things like wishing on stars and listening to your heart? Like that? Well, what should I have listened to? Someone older and wiser and more cynical? Not that much older, honey. Anyway, you've come to the right cemetery. Listen, I've already heard from you. I should just leave well enough alone and fall back off the face of the earth? Something like that? Worked well for me, didn't it? Mm-hmm. Ok. No more advice, I promise. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. So you know who I am. Fair is fair. Slater Zach Slater. And you work, I assume? Work I own casinos. Good to know. Nice to meet you, Zach. Nice to meet you, Dixie. Well, I should really let you have do? You going to stay? Or are you going to leave? Wouldn't you like to know? What did your men find on Babe? Still hasn't been any credit card activity. No bank action. She hasn't booked any seats on any planes or trains. Hasn't rented a car. Well, step it up. Find Babe. And if my son's not with her, if something's happened to him, I'll bury you and your entire operation. If I don't bury someone else first. Ok. I know how to find you, Babe. Step away from the door. You'll have to make me. Oh, honey, I don't want to hurt you. Too late. Oh, God I thought my heart was broken before. I don't know if I can take the pain. Mom, no, please No Amanda? Amanda, are you in there? Amanda, let me in 
Our houseguest is a fugitive? That's what you're telling me? It doesn't mean she's a criminal. So the law is after her because? Ryan, do you trust me, or not? Livia Cudahy she's an attorney. She's one of the best. I can set up a meeting for you. I'll cover the cost of the meeting No Is that enough? Does that work for you? This isn't about money. Well, then what is it about? It's about my family. I have a daughter. And my husband molests young girls. Wow, Jonathan. Your glasses have satisfying symmetry. This is way better than my job at the hospital. It's a lot easier, too. But I don't know the club still hasn't opened yet. I know. I'm expecting at least a 75% increase in my assistant accounting responsibilities when it does. But the best part, Laverys, the new manager wants to see if we're cool. So, are are we cool? Very. T's smooth, smart, always charming. He's so sincere when he talks about his love for Emma. The judge was convinced. I think T's even convinced himself. But Emma's growing up. What will T's love turn into? What will he see when he looks at my little girl? So your husband Ex. Your ex-husband is a predator? Why couldn't you prove it? When's the last time proof landed smack in your hands? What was that? All hell trying to break loose on one compact disc. Josh is Erica's son? That doesn't make any sense. It was explained pretty clearly minus the gory details. That was Greg Madden on there. Spilling secrets, cursing Pine Valley, screaming not to die. you get this? From your drawer. You still think I killed him. Who hated Greg Madden more than you? I'm sorry. I'm sorry for all the secrets and all the lies. I don't want to shut you out again. Not when I need you so much. Thank you. Honey, what why are you trembling? What if Greg Madden didn't only take my son? What if he did much, much more? Just you and me, little guy. Man time. You're sleeping, aren't you? Yeah, that's the best thing. Your mom will be back in a minute. She's getting some DNA results. Complicated stuff, you know? She thinks it'll give her some answers. I already know the answer. You're our son. The lab tech's solid. And the markers were there? Yeah, Spike and I the only way that that can be true is Spike's dad Was my dad. The sick bastard they say he was. He did it. He did it all. I should go. I have to I have to do things. I have to tell people. Who? Ryan? Zach, Erica? I should go. I'm sorry. We didn't do this. Um your your father and Spike we we didn't do this. We didn't do it. Well, how about Josh Madden? If all this weirdness is true, he probably hated his father more than I did. So Josh killed Greg Madden? Recorded everything that he said, and then snuck the CD into your drawer? Be serious, J.R. Josh wouldn't spread his business if he knew the truth. Not even to nail me for murder and score with the woman he wants? This is my dresser drawer The hell it isn't about me Somebody wants me hanging out with Bubba and Moose in lockdown. Where did you get this? Colby and her happy hands took a little stroll. But don't worry. I snagged it before she heard too much. Other than thinking Josh is hot, Colby is clueless. And this close to dead meat if she doesn't Colby is not the problem. J.R ., did I get you off the hook for attempted murder just so you could finally go all the way? Fine, if you didn't stash this there, who did? Who killed a man and then snuck the proof into our house to ruin your life? Ruin our lives? Who would do that, J.R.? Well, I don't know, Babe. Who hated Greg Madden and me? Your father? Zach, Ryan? Maybe they did it for Kendall or Dixie. And if everything is true on there If this disgusting man impregnated my daughter if he invaded her the same feeling of violation all over again. And then my daughter has to look into the face of her her newborn baby into her newborn baby's eyes and wonder who is looking back at her, she has to wonder, did he do to her what he did to me? Sit down. Come here a second, ok? No, no can you feel it? The filth? I need a shower. I need 1,000 showers to wash this all away. I thought that Greg Madden was gone from our lives forever, but he's still laughing at us from the depths of hell. His sick, cosmic joke on me Now he's part of my family, forever Is this some some quest for cleanliness, or is there something else? You're not about to quit, are you? Did you and Jamie get into it again? Josh, you're a natural. Joe and I have both seen it. That's because medicine is in my blood. It's what I do, Doctor. Ever wonder what else is in my blood, lurking beneath the surface? Ready to jump out and latch its teeth in? Josh, no one gives a damn about Greg Madden, you hear me? We don't care what he did or who he was. And no one is ever going to judge you on his actions. My father and I told you that, and we meant it. Now, it's time you believe it. Wow. That's some pretty impressive bedside manner. I don't have it. I would have said something like " You're the son of a sick freak, Madden Suck it up and deal with it " But I don't have a choice, do I? All the other wives would gush about how lucky I was. Great . Coaching girls' soccer at the field all those afternoons. He'd cheer them on, I'd cheer him on. But slowly, the girls drifted away. Just stopped playing. Well, I mean, something's got to give, right? Better they give up soccer than their homework. Yeah. That's what T said, too. And it made sense to me. Until I I ran into the little blonde forward who wouldn't meet my eyes. And then the the wiry goalie who pretended she didn't see me and took off in the opposite direction. Could be a dozen reasons. But we know why, Ryan. Why why can't you just believe it? It's not his fault. People don't want to believe these things actually happen. Nice, normal guys don't have ugly secrets. I didn't think so, either. Until I hit the wrong button on his computer. And files popped, smiling, innocent girls. So, what are we doing? Just look hot and be smooth. Ok. Oh we should stand up straight. So, our friend Del is a writer and a drink slinger. How very secret identity of you. Always looking for new material. You know, ways to keep the creative juices flowing. Well, I'm sure ConFusion will take good care of your juices. And bachelor number I mean bartender number two. AKA Jamal. Scheduled to hit law school in the fall. Save-the-worlders are so sexy. Don't talk politics, and smile like you mean it, and you'll be making enough tips to pay off your bills in no time. Next? Amanda Dillon, hostess. But my unofficial title is horndog magnet. Way to own a title. More cleavage, less skirt, and you'll be all set. Less skirt? The girl's half . One's either naked, or they're not. Amanda's not. And I think she looks nice. Nice? You're so precious. Since when do nightclubs hire jailbait? Hi. I'm Jonathan. It's really nice to meet you. There's that word again " nice. " I don't sweat when I look at you. Maybe cringe, maybe I'll faint oh. But sweat, not so much, no. Um I'm I'm a busboy. I I clean tables, and I I restock glasses. I don't want women to sweat on me. I'm married. Lily's my wife. Oh, sweetie, what were you thinking? No touching, please No, don't Are you for real? Lily has Autism Spectrum Disorder, and she doesn't like to be touched. Oh, no. No, no, no. . Is there a problem, Willow? Maybe you can translate to those less fortunate, but ConFusion is a club. And clubs are about cool. And what I'm seeing not cool at all. Lily can add 10 five-column numbers faster than I can say my name. And she works in the back so that the noise and the colors won't bother her. And, yeah, she may be under 21, but Lily's not going to be anywhere near the alcohol. No, I've had two really negative experiences with alcohol, the most recent one when I was in New York and this horrible man Whoa, whoa. TMI, sweetie. Save it for someone else. Lily is brilliant. Yeah. 10 minutes around her, you'll see it. Lucky for us. You're fired. What? Are you kidding? All right, let me explain. Hot, sexy, brainy, save-the-worlder. . You? Your shirt is too big. And you've got this weird stuttering thing going on. You walk around with your shoulders hunched up, and you blink and act as if it takes some major brain power. You're fired. Major lawsuit first day on the job. Score one for the boss lady. Yeah, whatever. Sue me. No, this isn't going according to our plan. We really need these jobs for our budget. Personal calls on the job? No, no, no, no, I don't think so. Either say bye-bye to hubby, or you can go with him. But I have to call my sister. She's going to be really confused when she doesn't see us working here anymore. That would be Kendall Hart Slater, co-founder of Fusion. Are you sweating now? Kiss mine. (Amanda-laughs) Get to work. Did we win? Oh, yeah, beginning. I came home late from a meeting, and T had visitation that day. And the babysitter was still there. And she was crying. And she just she bolted as soon as I walked in. And T gave me some some story " Oh, poor kid. You know, all all torn up over some boy. " But I went to the sitter the next day. T had handed her a * colada. Told her she was pretty, smart, such an interesting young woman. " Here, have another drink. " He cranked out the charm and the liquor, took her virginity, and then said he only did what she wanted. Too late for regrets. And why isn't this guy doing time as we speak? This is pure evil on here the words and how they got there. It's all that Chief Frye needs to throw you in jail. All right So if it's me? Give me the disk. I'll take care of it. Oh, no. No way. What, this is your solution? Destroy the evidence? I'm taking it to the police. Well, it's just you and me, Pop. The medical genius and the miracle child. You thought you were so much better and smarter than everyone else. You had to spread your genius around, didn't you? Conquer the world, one kid at a time. Well, too bad. You blew it Someone finally beat you. Chandler. He took you on, and he won. He buried you, he tortured you, and he killed you. Look at his eyelashes. The way they just hit his cheeks so perfectly. He deserves more. He deserves Ryan. He deserves a father he he can look up to and he can respect and he can brag to his friends about. Zach, he should like my father. " He should be able to say that, and I want that for him. I want that for Ryan, too. And now they will never have it. They will never have each other. Ryan loves this boy. He'll always love him. No, it eats at you, Zach, who your father was. Ryan's father, my father it tears us all up to know what each man who created us was capable of. I didn't want that for Spike. It'll kill him, just like it's killing Josh. You told Josh already? Yeah, he was with me when I found out. We used his DNA. What do you mean, you used his DNA? What are you talking about? Well, we couldn't use Greg's. Greg was cremated. And I couldn't ask Ryan because you guys told me to leave it alone. So Josh offered. And it could be blood-related is through Greg Madden. And the markers were there. Spike is Greg Madden's son. Wait, what are you doing? Who are you calling? I'm calling Ryan. No. No, Zach, no. Please, not yet. I'm not ready to tell him yet. I'm going to tell him to meet us at the hospital. We're doing another DNA test right now. Greg Madden is Spike's biological father, and there's not a test in this world that will change that. What if there was a mistake? What if it's not accurate? (Spike-cries) Mama knows, honey. Mama knows. The world goes crazy, but you still need to eat. (Spike-fusses) Listen to Spike, Zach. We know the truth, the truth is out, and no matter how much it hurts, life goes on. This isn't over. It'll never be over, will it I It's all right. It's ok. Do what you need to do. I need some alone time with Spike, anyway. You take this disk to the cops, and they're going to think that you murdered Greg Madden. I've got nothing to hide. I didn't kidnap Madden. So, that's what you're going to tell them? Then what they're just going to take your word for it all over, no biggie? I don't give a damn about the cops, Babe. When you walked in here, you told me you had to make a decision whether or not you were going to leave me, because you found that in my drawer. Somebody wants you to leave me. Somebody wants me locked up. So, what, you're just going to roll over and do what people say? Who are you? Are you kidding me? I'm not going to hide tank my marriage BS. You are going to clear your name and ruin Josh's life while you do it. Light up a stogy, old man. You're a dad again another miracle child? Spike Lavery? My brother? How many other miracles did you send out there, huh? Huh? How many other little Maddens are running around out there? You raped Kendall with your ego You tried to steal her son? Because you were entitled, right? Because he was yours You sick, disgusting son of a bitch How many more, Dad, huh? How many more victims? And the babysitter wouldn't file a complaint? Denied it happened, denied she even told me. Folks didn't want to believe it, so I'm T went for joint custody and he won? Yeah, Annie had to run. I owed Emma that. But before you ask, no, he has him, but what happens when she's not? Annie came to the Miranda Center for help, and I promised her I would do whatever it takes. Um I'm sorry. The Miranda Center now is about breaking custody agreements and kidnapping? No, none of this will ever touch the center. You have no idea how amazing your sister has been. Yeah? Well, maybe she'll fill me in now since she didn't before. I'm sorry. Without secrecy, this network is useless. I'm sorry " network "? This isn't just you? For some people, the only way out of danger is to disappear, and until we can relocate Annie and Emma for good, she needed a safe haven, and that's why I brought her here. T's hired detectives, Ryan. And it all clicks into place Aidan. I can't risk moving Annie right now, not with, when he looks elsewhere, then I'll do whatever it takes to keep my daughter safe. Um I should probably go check on the munchkin. Yeah. Summer locked indoors is tough on little kids. Thank God for DVDs and singing monkeys, right? I'll just go. Ok. How can you be so cold? That woman needs our help, Ryan. And what if that woman has found the perfect way to steal a child? Zach, come in. Oh, God. The test results. Is it true? Is Madden the father of Kendall's baby? Now, this minute. Josh, Madden you tell Kendall everything. Rot in hell where you belong. Josh, what are you doing? Oh, Keefer. Now's your chance. You hate us both, the arrogant, obnoxious doctors Madden. Now's your shot. Go on, bury him. Go in that sick, disgusting black hole where he died. Well, he's home now, where he belongs. Ashes to ashes. Come on What are you waiting for? Come on, Keefer What are you waiting for? Throw it on the grave Come on What are you waiting for? Put the dirt on the grave right now When you finish, you can dance on it. You can pretend it's mine. Doesn't make a difference, right? Come on Just throw it on there What are you waiting for? I'm so sorry. Don't you pity me Don't you pity me The way I love you, you can feel it, can't you? You know you are you are loved today and tomorrow and every day after. Yeah, you are. And your daddy, Ryan, he he didn't even want the test. He says he loves you no 'm sorry, my baby. (Spike-fusses) I know, I know. Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. I know, I know. Mama's here, Mama's here. I know someday someday the truth is going to break your little heart. And mine's going to break for you all over again. But we could do this, my love. We can. We can do this. We will find a way. We will find a way, and we will make it work. We will make it work, you and me. Yeah. We can do it. We're going to do this. Kendall thinks that that filth is Spike's father because Josh had a DNA test and the markers matched. Do you get it? Well, of course the markers matched. Both Josh and Spike have your genes. Ah. And that's why you going to come right now and explain it to her. Come on to steal her son also stole mine? And what does that prove? Only that the test doesn't tell the whole truth and that that maniac Madden was was more than capable of what Kendall fears. Greg Madden could still be the father of her baby. " Could be " did you hear that? " Could be. " Kendall is at home sobbing because of what she thinks is a reality. I think she'd take " could be " over that. Let's go. Spike could still be Greg Madden's son. And if that's true, telling Kendall and telling Josh the truth that only makes the pain much worse for everyone. Custody battles get ugly. What is wrong with you, Ryan? You think she's lying? It's possible. It happens. And children are victimized by their own parents that happens, too, Ryan. Yeah, and we would know that firsthand, wouldn't maybe why a stranger spins some rotten father, son of a bitch story at you, and you buy into it like that. And maybe your history with Greg Madden has got you calling this woman, this innocent woman, a child stealer. Yeah, it's true. I know firsthand what it's like for somebody else to decide whether you get to see your child, I do. I had to fight like hell to help raise Spike, and maybe that's what this guy T's doing. I mean, who knows? You can not do this. You can't do this, you can't think like this. Where are you in all this? Because you ditch Aidan, right? Yeah. And correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't he the first bit of happiness you've ever had because of a woman and her daughter? You're damn straight, Ryan. A child is at risk here, ok Aidan, too. He's got a life, he's got a career, and if if he keeps quiet about his girlfriend aiding and abetting a fugitive, he could lose his PI license, Ryan. Mm-hmm. He could end up in prison, Ryan. Right. That's nice so you're protecting Aidan, but not you? Look, let me just give Annie a whole bunch of money, enough money for her No. To get out of here. You'll never see her again. Yeah, but T might And that's the point, Ryan he gets Annie arrested, he gets custody of this little girl. There's got to be another way. There has got to be another way. Let me take over. No Let me look into it. What, you're you're going to start asking questions about a woman you're not even supposed to know? You listen to me. A woman and a child's safety are my responsibility, so if I need to move Annie and Emma, and if I need to go with them, then I will do it. Ok, ok. Stop. (Ryan-sighs) Annie can stay for a while. And you will back off, and you'll let me do what I need to do? You're in this deep, Erin. I don't have to like it. (Erin-sighs) Thank you, Ryan. Thank you. You're doing a really good thing here. You might be saving a little girl. You stood up for me. You're amazing. Well, of course, I did. I'm your wife. I know, but I should still thank you. And I want to take you on a on a date or something, maybe to a club like this one. I don't know if I would lot of people there and a lot of music, and someone might wear red. Hmm. Once ConFusion opens, we're just going to be staff never customers. Wait here, ok? Ok. Could your husband love you any more? Might be possible, but not probable. You're a beautiful woman I'm just a man I want to please you the best that I can you're my kind of heaven and I want you to see wow, last year I had a baby, It's all surreal on the run, kindness of strangers. This is my life now, what it takes to keep Emma safe. But T's still out there. I wish I could protect all the girls he'll decide he has to have. And let my love in Let my love in I promise you (Music-stops) May I get you a drink, madam? A a ginger ale? Sure. We have our first customer. Too bad you are way, way too early, and not hours days. But I heard music and I thought I saw some dancing. Oh. Employees on break, perks of the job. Hmm. I guess I'm just desperate for a little nightlife. Well, you have so come to the right place, just not the right night. But when ConFusion opens, this place will be all you could hope for. Oh. I'll just have to come back then and see if you're right. How did we get back to Josh Madden? Uh Greg Madden stole Josh the exact same way he stole Kate. Then Josh should hear the truth. Why? So you can rub it in his face? No. No way. Why? Because you care about him? Actually, yes, I do Oh, yeah. And because Kendall and right now without us piling on more. They might not even know about Josh, and we are not going to be the ones who put it out in the universe In case you haven't noticed, our karma sucks pretty bad as it is. Yeah, so we should just sit here and eat it? Let somebody screw us up, ruin us, ruin our relationship? I don't want to think that you killed Greg Madden. I also don't want to think that you would twist the knife in people when they're already bleeding. Fine. Then I'll destroy the disc, pretend that we never even heard it. No. J.R ., give it to me. There's no way for just Kendall to know. She'd probably feel she has to tell Josh, and Josh can't hear all this. It'll hurt him too much. You don't think that Josh is hurting now? Damn it, Erica him or I will. All right. You go ahead and do that, and tell my wife while you're at it. See? All done, not your problem anymore. All right. Why don't you both just back off from the ultimatums. What do you say? Look, Ryan said that he's going to get Josh an incredible job out of town, and once Josh leaves town, I think this will all go away. Oh. You really think it matters where he moves or what his job title is? Josh thinks that his father Greg Madden is the worst kind of evil, and that just doesn't go away. I gave you my word. But Kendall is in pain right now, and you can help her. You say you love her you do, too, right? Don't you dare question my love for my daughter. And of course, Jack loves Kendall, too. And Jack Jack. Not you, too. Erica, things have changed, ok? Kendall needs your help, and this is the only way that you can help her. No. I've made my decision, I've made the right decision. Tell her before it's too late. He's not your son. 
Why do you want a CD of Madden's last words? Whoever made this recording probably murdered Dr. Madden, and we both know it wasn't me. You do think that I did it. I do think if you want to keep me around, you give me the CD. Do you have a good reason why you shouldn't? You might be going on a little trip, peanut. Your mama's going to take really good care of you. She loves you so much. Ah. What's going on here? Go on back downstairs, Adam. Where is my grandson going at this hour? Your daughter-in-law is keeping our grandson safe. Have you seen the other shoe that goes to this one? What are you talking about? Something spooked Babe. J.R. might've killed Dr. Madden after all. She told me to get Little A ready to leave if need be. Ok, where's your woobie, honey? We can't didn't tell me. She just told me she might have to leave tonight, so I am packing. Will you sit down and tell me what's happening? I can not live in this house with a murderer. Either he goes or we do. Why do you want this CD if we're not taking it to the cops? To make sure they won't arrest you. Unless you decide that they should arrest me. Right? Because you're not 100% sure that I'm innocent. You want to hang on to this as evidence just in case I did dig that hole in that park. What are you looking at? Keep it moving. My dad's not coming back. It's hard to believe your father turned out like this. World-renowned doctor, covered with honors. It's a real loss to the medical community and to you. I'm sorry. Why? He deserved it. Everyone hated him restore his reputation, put things right. Maybe if you help Dixie find her lost daughter Oh, don't try play me, Hayward What kind of a sick nut job are you? Did you hear me? The little boy I'm holding, the one who you think is your son, is not. Kendall, you're just working yourself up over nothing. I told you already. I told you the timing the timing of the insemination No, stop it, Ryan. Hey, handsome. Ryan, stop, stop Stop, please, ok? This this is not me (Spike-fusses) Freaking out. This is not me freaking out because I'm upset. This is me freaking out because it's true. I went to the hospital, and I took the DNA test. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Ryan, but the test proved it. Our baby is Greg Madden's son. match for Josh because of Greg Madden. If she knew that Josh were her half brother, she'd take another test. It's time that we tell the truth. It's more complicated than that. Complicated? What's more complicated than what Kendall is going through right now? Sweetheart, you do not want Kendall going through her life thinking that she created a child with Greg Madden. The truth will give her peace. No, the truth would not give her peace. And what about peace for me? He's not you have the DNA? Uh at the hospital. Josh Josh gave it to me. The lab at PVH did the test? I'm sorry, Ryan. I'm sorry. I know, I know I shouldn't have done it, but I had to know. I couldn't just leave it like you wanted. Are you ok? Here. Let me let take him. I know. I know this this changes everything. How could I take this test and not expect it to change everything, but I don't blame you, Ryan, if you if you walk out on us. If you have to bolt right now and leave, I completely understand. We will be fine I'm not going anywhere, Kendall. This is my son. It's so easy for all of you. All of you tell me what to do, all three of you. You stand there, and you make judgment calls on me. Of course you do, because it's win/win for you. You can win, too. You'll gain a son. A son who will hate me. Of course, you want your son. I understand that you want Josh as your son, because you can mentor him, because he'll think you're wonderful. He'll think you're a saint, wrong. You're just the poor husband who didn't know what his wife was doing behind his back. Sweetheart, think of Kendall, and of Josh for that matter. Of course, I am thinking of Kendall and Josh. And I also remember when you didn't want this secret out. I remember when you were on my side. I'm still on your side, honey. It's just that things have changed. Look, you're just innocent in all this, ok? You just happened to wind up stuck with a control freak who can't control anything anymore. But you know what, Zach? None of us would be in this mess if you hadn't caused that blackout. Nothing like this would be happening Greenlee would be here. Kendall wouldn't be in this position, because she wouldn't be the mother of this child. And now you claim you you want to be her champion? Well, you pain. You really don't see that this would cause her even more pain? Do you think it's easy for a woman to stand up and say that she's been violated? None of you will ever have to say that or think that. None of you were ever violated by Greg Madden. He didn't invade your bodies and take your child, and none of you will ever have to feel disgusted and never, never feel humiliated, because you have to admit in public what he did to you. And none of you will ever have to blame yourself. None of you will ever be his victims or or worry about living through it all over again. None of you will ever have to go to sleep at night wondering why this keeps happening to your family over and over and over again and if it's your fault. No, no, no I won't do it My God, Erica. Is that how you feel? it didn't happen to you. But it did happen to Kendall, and it did happen to me. I am not going to let you go through this alone. I'm not going to go through it at all. And of course, I would love to help my daughter. I would love to spare Kendall. But even if my genes made Josh a match, that doesn't prove that Greg Madden isn't that baby's father. And if that's the case, don't you see that telling her would only compound that horror? Look, why don't we have Ryan tested? And if he's a match, proving that Josh's match is just a mystery, well, then come and talk to me about about telling Kendall the truth. You know, lately, I was all ready to straighten up, stop all the games and the BS. " It's time to live up to your father, Josh. Give him, you know what? That's what my dad deserves Not sure about following in his footsteps now. You'd be surprised how many physicians would understand. A doctor falling in love with his science more than his patients? It happens all the time. Yeah, well, I thought I was the selfish one. But my dad's God complex goes way beyond me. Tell me something, Doctor why does medical genius go hand in hand with becoming a complete jerk? It never bothered me. Oh, don't give me that crap like you care about Dixie's kid. Finding that little rugrat was just an excuse to get Dixie in the sack. You don't want to go there with Dixie. Oh, I don't want to go there with Dixie? You used the last lead I gave you to get her alone in some motel room. Not exactly what happened, but, yes, doctors do fall in love of guy uses some woman's daughter to go after her? And what are you doing letting your own daughter live with a murderer? You think J.R. did this? Well, he already dumped a load of bricks on her head. When are you going to get her out of that house? Where are your priorities at? I haven't forgotten about J.R ., so just relax. He'll be taken care of. I don't think that you buried a man and killed him, ok? But you're not 100%. I am not 100% sure about anything right now, J.R. but I am not stupid. You will always have a temper, and you'll never think before you go threatening someone, so that's why I want a weapon like that in my hands, not yours. God, I wish you would just trust me You could use that disc to hurt someone, someone you don't like. 're not interested in protecting me you're interested in protecting him. It doesn't have to be one way or the other, J.R. Would it protect Josh, a guy who is already going through so much without having that thrown his face? Yeah, you bet. But it would also protect you and this family. I love you, and I love that you are trying to change, but seriously, J.R ., face it you are a hothead and and that disc, it's dynamite, so let's just let's move the explosives away from the match. I can't say that my wife doesn't understand me. And if you didn't make this disc and I I really, really want to believe that you didn't then someone is trying to set you up. That's what I'm saying Ok, then, fine So the the farther away that you are from the makes you feel better It does. If it keeps Little Adam safer here. It's all you. It's time to put up or shut up, partner. Now, I will do my best to convince Babe to stay, but only if you kick J.R. out of this mansion on his rear tonight. This is J.R .' s home, too. As J.R .' s father, I have a right to know what she has on him. I don't know exactly. Oh, you don't know? So I'm going to throw J.R. out of his own home on what a hunch? Babe has made every excuse in the book for J.R. if she's finally running for her life, she has got a hell of a lot more than a hunch. Yeah, well, so you say, but I want to talk to Babe myself. Well, Babe went to go and she hasn't come back yet. When was that? Oh, long enough ago to make my heart beat a little bit faster. Look, I promised Babe that I I wouldn't keep this little peanut out of my sight, but I I have to go check on them. Will you just keep an eye on him for me? Krystal, just (Adam-sighs) Now it's my turn to tie you up, slugger. Don't worry the rope burns will heal eventually. Now, wake up. Wake up and tell me what you did with Babe. What did you do to my daughter? What the hell have you done? What I had to do. I had to find out what J.R. did to Babe. Yeah. Is she missing? Is there a day that goes by where somebody in this family doesn't commit a crime? Well, what are you doing here? J.R ., what the are you ok? Thank God you're in one piece. Now, tell him. Babe, tell the nice police chief here why you and your son were getting ready to run. Ryan could take a test. He could take 100 tests. It's not going to make a difference, because Kendall is going to believe the first test, the one she took with Josh, and the only thing that's going to convince her is the truth. Well, then we just have to make her understand that taking another test is is imperative No, no, no, wait, wait That the first test was bungled. No, wait, wait, wait. Josh is struggling with this, too. He thinks Greg violated Kendall to father her child. We don't know that that's not true. What are you waiting for? What? You don't like your son you talking about? Of course, I love my my daughter. And I'm thinking about Josh. I don't want my son to hate me. Ryan, are you are you even hearing me? Spike doesn't have to be your son anymore. I heard you, Kendall. This is my son in every way that matters. This little guy is mine. We were destined, him and me. We were. You realize that he was always meant to be mine. Why would you do that? Why would you want that? You don't owe me anything, Ryan. Oh, no, no, no I promise, I swear. Now you're not hearing me, Kendall. I want to be Spike's dad. I want that. I want to feel everything. I want to watch him walk, I want to teach him how to ride a bike. I want him to apologize to his . I love my son. I love I love him. I love Spike. Ok. Um I'm sorry, but I have to ask this. I have to know are you saying all of this and doing all of this and feeling this, because you've fallen back in love with me? Krystal, don't you think maybe you could just button it for just a second? You can see how concerned she is for J.R. Check the other rooms, get back to me if you find anything. You know, what it is, is I was going to run Little A down to the yard to look at the moon. Mama, you are so overreacting. Yeah Honey, can you hear me? Honey, he'll be fine. He'd better be. Hey. Don't worry, I didn't hit him over the head that hard. Careful. Let's get go whoa All right. Are you ok? Oh What happened? Let me see that. Chief Frye, what are you doing in my room? What did I miss? That's the question I have. Yeah, you'll both get the same answer you missed nothing. What happened here tonight, Mrs. Chandler? You know, I wasn't even here I I was watering flowers and the vase slipped, and and I dropped it on J.R .' s head accidentally. Sorry. Guys, bring the search back in here. Watering flowers, huh? Where are they? And do you often put vases above your head to water them? Yes, yes It's better for the roots. Gravity, it's Why are you searching my home? Here, let me see this There you go. Warrant. It's legit. for this search warrant? We got an anonymous phone tip this afternoon. Oh, well, that certainly clears it up. A clerk at the electronics store says J.R. bought some transmitting equipment a few months ago, the kind that was used in Greg Madden's grave. We're looking for the transceiver that sent and received signals to and from that site. Do you have any proof of this so-called purchase? That's what we're looking for. What is this clerk's name? The source said it was a cash purchase, but they wouldn't give us a name. (Adam-chuckles) So you have bubkes. Until we find the transceiver Which you won't. Or something with Greg Madden's last words on it. Something on your mind, J.R.? I was just thinking what a great wife I have. Please, Ryan. Please don't sacrifice yourself. Don't sacrifice anything for me can't give it to you. You know what? You're really, really cute when you're trying to let me down easy. What? Are you kidding me? You're seriously joking right now? Well, this might be hard for you to imagine, Kendall, but ha-ha this one's not about you. Honestly, my love for Spike is not about hanging on to you, I promise. In fact, if there's any sacrifice here at all, it's if I have to walk away from him. I didn't know that I was capable of feeling so much love until I was there in that room waiting for my son to take his first breath. In that minute, there was nothing else. Just my son. When we were trapped after the ball and I felt him felt him kick for the first time, and it was right then that it hit me that he's real this is my son, me for advice and help and whew. And he's going to teach me so much. He is he already has, about love, about life, about everything. And no DNA test can take that away from me, so so just don't ask me to walk away from him, ok, because I can't. I can't do it. Do you really think that I'm so cold and callous that I don't care about my only son? Or that I don't love my daughter, or that I'm not worried to death about what might happen to them? No, honey, I don't think anybody's saying that. Yeah, Zach is saying this all the time. I didn't create this lie Greg Madden did, and now I'm trapped in it. My life has been turned upside down. But your life is not the only one. And Kendall and Josh don't deserve don't tell a soul. You'll regret it. What the heck is all this noise? Holy huh, I'm out of here. Oh, hold it right there. I'm underage. You can't charge me. I need a lawyer. J.R .' s making all this up. Making what up? Didn't J.R. call them to bust me for blackmailing him? For burying the dead guy in the park? Blackmail? What? Your own brother? Are you kidding me? Nice going. See what I said about a crime a day? Now, how exactly did you blackmail J.R.? Where you going, Zach? I'm going home, help Kendall through agony that I could possibly take away. But that would mean breaking my word. I can't do that, can I? I hope you're satisfied. Well, Jeff, I'll tell This decision should be Erica's to make. Well, I I realize Erica's position, and I can sympathize with her. But this secret has been her private property long enough. And now it's my turn. I'm going to find Josh. No. In fact, you're not. I'm sorry that I even told you Spike is Greg's. It's ok, Kendall, come on. You know, I think in a weird way, it's actually made me feel a little closer to him. How does that work? Well, this might sound a little bit crazy, considering I'm probably the I'm probably the poster child for dysfunctional families, but I don't think there's a better dad for Spike than me. Well, I I agree, but why? Well, you and I both know what it's like to realize that we have evil fathers. We through to the other side. So who better to teach Spike how to survive? Who better than you and me? Who knew that would ever come in handy, huh? We can show him that he doesn't have to be just the sum of his genes. We can show him and tell him teach him that he can be so much more than just the son of Greg Madden. I put him back, his ashes. Gave my dad a ticket on the express train to hell. I'm so sorry, Josh. Josh, I'm so sorry for everything. Hey, you know, you were so right, Erica, for firing me. Yeah, you were right on the money on that one. What good could come from Greg Madden's evil spawn? Oh, nobody blames you for what your father did. You know what? I do. And something had to rub off, right? No, That can only make things What, make me feel worse? Yeah, it's a little too late for that. Well, give yourself time to grieve. Yeah. Because things will get easier with With time, right? Because time is the ultimate healer? Right? Yeah. Well, you know what? It just makes my stomach turn to think about what my dad went through in the ground over there, Erica. But he deserves a lot worse. If you only knew what he did I I know that you took the DNA test for Kendall. Then you know he deserves every minute of what happened to him in there. And whatever makes you feel better. You're the one who's here, and you're the one we're worried about. That's why you hated him so much. That's what you and him were daring each other to talk about at the hospital. This is Kendall. I can't blame anyone for hating him. I hate him, too. I didn't bury anybody. Colby must be smoking something if she thinks a few bluffing phone calls are going to scare me You want some cash, that's what parents are for. So you tried to blackmail your brother for a car, when you have a father who could just buy it for you? Thank you. See, Daddy? Even the police know I need a black convertible. Guys, let's move this search to the other room. We don't have time for this. You know, you guys should really look into some counseling. J.R ., I hope you haven't done something stupid. They won't find anything, will they? You didn't even ask me if I did anything. You jump right into protecting me from getting caught? Thanks. No, they're not going to find anything. You need to lay off knocking people over the head. And Colby needs to stop looking for trouble. I need to have a serious talk with Colby about what it means to be a Chandler. Oh, I can't wait. Whoo. Yeah. All right, you two, what's changed, hmm? Spill now, or do I have to protect Little A myself? For what it's worth, I'm sorry what my dad did to Kendall. I know. I know you are. I watched I watched her and Ryan and and Zach fight for that little guy's life. And he really is a miracle baby, just like I was to my dad. Except he's not even Ryan's son. Not even Kendall's husband's. He's my dad's. You know, my dad always did like to keep his eggs all in one basket. Too bad it wasn't his own. want to hurt her. But my son is in agony. I've seen it. Jack, you're a father. You care for your children. Why is it that, after all of these years, Erica is the only one who gets a vote? Kendall's baby is related to you. Part of your family. A family that's a lot bigger than I could have possibly imagined. I mean, I I could have dozens hundreds of brothers and sisters. I mean, God knows how many. Spike's going to need a hell of a lot of cardboard to draw up his family tree. You know what? You can't do anything about that now. All you can do is you can just take care of the family you have. You know what this means, Erica? This means I was the I was the first miracle baby. My dad was so thrilled with his handiwork that he just he just I was his inspiration. Oh, come on, Josh. Don't don't think of it that way. I can't do this. You bastard. You're still hurting us. I don't know what your mother taught you in those slum houses she kept you in, but but Chandlers don't attack family. You're kidding, right? By attacking, do you mean killing them, or is that only for the married couples? As if we don't have enough problems already without you committing a felony per week. Dad, relax. J.R .' s money, my money it's all really your money, anyhow. Well, I'm glad you realize that. Yes, that's good. Come on. I could have paid J.R. back only if I had access to my own trust fund. When is that going to be again, exactly? Don't push it real money to the drop. So who was the cheater then? To the drop? Well, maybe you didn't have a cell phone, but you sure did watch too much television. Colby, you don't need a car. You can't even drive yet. Well, not yet. But I do get my learner's permit soon. Shouldn't I learn in a car that I'm going to be driving in? Come on, Dad. Think about it. Saturday afternoons, father/daughter bonding. You could back-seat drive. Tell me when I need to turn the radio down. Share your wisdom with me about driving and life. Hmm. Do you really want me to miss out on all this quality time? Shouldn't you just buy me a car so I don't have to steal them? Something had you running scared tonight, Babe. I am not leaving this room, and I am not taking my eye off of Little and pack the baby's bags, Mama " to " J.R. didn't do anything, sir. " I did find something that made me suspicious. And, yes, I was scared, but J.R .' s explanation, and more importantly, his behavior, convinced me that what I found was planted. I'm being set up. Oh. Ok, I've heard that before. Who's doing the frame job this time, huh? I don't have any proof, but I have a pretty good idea. So we will. We'll both raise Spike together, as planned. Well, no matter what happens, I will never forget what you said today. I won't, either. I promise. (Door-opens) I told him. I told him that Spike is not his son. And? And he is my son. And I'm his father. I'm not going to let some ghost And I'm sorry, no one should hear news like that. We'll get through it. Just so you know, Kendall couldn't get Greg Madden's DNA, and the lab used Josh's. Whoever called that anonymous tip to the cops must be someone who hates J.R. Well, that doesn't exactly narrow it down, does it? Thanks. You ok? Who do you think did it, Babe, your father? Could be. Zach Slater could have planted that disc. Ryan Lavery, or anyone else who was angry at me for what I did to Kendall. Every one of them had motive to bury Dr. Madden. And every one of them threatened to get back at me at one point. (Krystal-sighs) Well, maybe J.R. isn't guilty of anything more than being really easy to hate. Thanks. Thank you for thinking fast enough to hide that CD. the cops are called. You don't think that I'd be stupid enough to go into that electronics store and buy that equipment myself? You're much trickier than that. But I'm not tricking you. I swear, Babe, you're not going to regret standing by me. Go to your room, Colby Well, I laid down the law. Hmm. If you were so firm, why did Colby look like she won the negotiations? Well, I allowed her to think that. Really? Yeah. Do I even want to know how you worked it out? Probably not. Well, I tell you, I give you an A for effort. Well, that's a start, anyway. Um I'm staying. Babe has called off the alarm on J.R ., and it's it's been killing me, what happened the other night. You mean, I don't Shh, shh. Shh. I don't want to lose you, Krystal. You're not losing me. I love you. My silvery fox. Jeff, you have every right to make decisions as far as Josh's life goes, but Erica's had to live with what Greg Madden did to her, both emotionally and physically, and frankly I think that earns her special consideration. You chased your daughter to New York to be part of her life. Could you just stand by and do nothing? I don't think I can. Ok, I'm going to go put the baby for a nap. See you guys in a few. Ok. Come on, little muffin. Josh's DNA matched because of Erica. Mm-hmm. So Madden might not be Spike's father. It might still be me. That's my bet. Well, we got to tell out right now over this. I can't I gave Erica my word. I can't go back on it. So did I. I'll tell her. Tell me what, Mother? 
I told you I wanted Babe gone. I thought we finally understood each other. I do understand, son. But I think it would be best for the family I am family. What about what's best for me? I just wanted to be here for you, for our marriage. You bought this load? You trying to ambush me It's not a load, J.R. Hey, calm down. Shh. Really, sweetheart Then you need to get Babe out agh All right, that's it. Let's get him back on the bus. There's no way this patient can recover here. I'm swamped. We'll do this another time. Move it. But I'm here now. Sean, whatever is on your mind, it's just going to have to wait till a much more appropriate time. Hey Have you lost your mind? What the " Jonathan sits at ConFusion's bar reading the Pine Valley Bulletin with Simone's picture on the cover and the headline " Cosmetics Executive Found Dead. " You and I have some unfinished business. What killed her, Zach? I don't even think I want to hear this. Hey. Hey. How you doing? I'm doing better. Yeah? Mm-hmm or I will be as soon as Zach tells us what he found out. What, you know something? Straight from the ME. Was it an allergic reaction to food or medicine or It must've just been some weird medical condition, right? Just say that it was quick and painless. So Simone died of natural causes, then, didn't she? There's nothing natural about the way that Simone died. Maybe we should talk about this in the other room. I mean, you guys have already just No, no. Ryan, we hear this together. Ok. Yeah. So, what do you got? The coroner ran a tox screen. She died of a drug overdose. What? No. What? That is not possible. No way. Was Simone on medication that we didn't know about? It's a drug used by vets. And proper dosage and situations, not lethal, but apparently it's found a new audience called V-tach. Oh, I've heard of that. It's like a club drug for party animals, but it's not that popular. The death factor kind of crimps the ride. You telling me Simone was partying with this? This doesn't make any sense. Simone on drugs? No, no. I'm telling you, Simone's only drug of choice was what it's always been chocolate. That's it. This this she took it accidentally. Maybe Or maybe somebody gave it to her on purpose. Ugly business, that, isn't it? It's a real shame about Simone. It's going to be hard on everyone. It really makes you re-evaluate things, doesn't it? Aidan, when I thought Annie was going to lose Emma, I took it way too far. Same here. It really felt like Tad and Dixie were so close to finding Kate, I almost lost it with anyone that got in my way. But, hey, it's over now. Yeah. Everyone's back in their own little corner. Me and you used to be in that same corner. Remember that? Yes, I do. Things were things were a hell of a lot better then. Yes, they were. And things can be that way again. If something comes up, me and you can take it on. won't run the risk of me hurting you next time. Who's to say I wouldn't hurt you? (Aidan-chuckles) I want to know why, I want to know how, and I want someone to pay. If that bizarre display was " good-bye, " what are you still doing here? I mean, shouldn't you be at school? When I leave, it won't be to Physics. It'll be into the great unknown. Calculus? Funny. Your sense of humor going to miss that. When I walk out that door, it's forever. Are you leaving town? You wanted it, you got it. Does your Uncle Jack know about these plans? He doesn't need to. Uncle Jack will clue in when you move back home with me out of the way. You know, I'd like to stay and help you pack, but I got places to be. you're the reason for the problems I have with Jack? I'm Barbara's spawn, ok, put on this earth to save my sister's life and to tank marriages no one does it better. Sean, there are so many reasons Look, my dad loved you. He lost you because of me. Casa del Montgomery wasn't always happyville ask Bianca. But he stayed. He stayed. He gave up love and happiness for me, and then he died. And I'm not going to let the same thing happen to my Uncle Jack. Stop I'm not leaving. This craziness is the last thing you need. Tension, stress, anger it amps your pain and it threatens your recovery. Look, I'll deal with it. I'm fine. Well, what do I know? I'm just a nurse. Let's get him settled in. J.R. Look, I'll be happen, Dad. I'll be in soon, sweetie, ok? Maybe this was a bad idea. If me being here is going to make him worse Oh, finally step up and do the right thing. Colby, honey, do you have any homework you could be doing, or maybe go back to school? You want me anywhere but here. I get it. Just don't talk her out of leaving, ok? When I found Simone, she was she was so still and so cold, and a few hours earlier, she was grumping around the office on all sparks. And then out of nowhere, she's dead in one heartbeat. Life is too short and there's been way too much suffering, and I thought that maybe I could fix it for J.R. and me, but maybe I was wrong. You did your best, Babe. Krystal, would you mind? Can I talk . Babe's right about one thing there's too much suffering. Oh. If Babe's not gone You keep blowing up, you're going to end up in the hospital. I'll manage. You better get that BP down, or Or what? Listen to her, J.R. Look, I know Julia was some big help on that boat looking for Babe. But that was when I could walk away if there was something I didn't like that came out of her mouth. You know, you need to get your woman in check. Get yourself in check. Why don't you get the hell out of here and take her with you? Is this the part where I'm supposed to feel sorry for you? Because I don't. You did this to yourself. You're the reason you're in pain. Now, Julia can make that pain better. So how about you She doesn't have to be here. I'm sure she has better things to do, and she sure as hell doesn't have to listen to your crap. So shut the hell up, or there's going to be nothing left in this room but you and your pain. It's up to you. Ooh silence. I'll take it. Well, how about we release some of those endorphins and relieve some of the pain, huh? Your hand, please? You want to take away the pain? Get Babe Carey out of my house. I thought that this would work. I thought that if J.R. saw that I wasn't going anywhere, that he would give just enough that we could work through things. But I guess I was wrong, and I should go. But I can't go. I can't I can't leave Little Adam here. Simone died with without a husband, without a baby give up on my family. But then at the same time, I don't want to take J.R .' s away from him, so what am I supposed to do? Well, maybe J.R. has had it too easy. I mean, when things have gotten difficult, what has he done? He's turned to drugs, alcohol. He took a steamer around the world rather than face his problems. Yeah, and he brought back an even bigger one. He's hurt himself, and he's hurt a lot of people who care about him. But this time he can't run. And as painful as it is to see him in that bed, in pain and dependent, maybe now he will finally learn what it is to stay and fight. He could also fight me right out of the house. Well, J.R. is pretty stubborn, I agree. But so are you. And with everything that you've been through any other woman would've given up on my son a long time ago. He's never given up on me, either. But now I just I'm not so sure. I don't know. You know, I'm really sorry about your friend Simone and that she died all by herself. But you're right. Nobody should have to die that way. And nobody should have to live that way, either. Simone can't be dead, but but she is. And she couldn't have taken that that party drug, but she did. And and now you're trying to tell us that she was killed? We'll get the answers, Kendall. Well, then ask a reasonable question. Fine. Was anything different about Simone? Did she go out and have lunch with someone she didn't know? Did she come in early, want to leave late? She was just Simone. She speeding ticket. Yeah, it was a totally ordinary, typical Simone day. What about the gardenias? Oh, I checked on that. Simone ordered them herself, charged them to the Fusion account, and they delivered them to her. And the delivery guy same guy? Nothing different about that? Nothing out of the ordinary? No? Two words for you, my friends " I'm sorry. " Well, I've done what I can for now. The rest is up to you. Just try to stay relaxed, and breathe through the pain. How can I relax when I know Babe's on the other side of that door? An amazing, generous, funny woman just died last night. And here you are, still breathing. So shut up and be grateful. How is he? He's a pain Uh feeling better, thanks to Julia. I'd like a . Son, I want you to know Get out. Like hell I will. I'm not going to give up on my family. If I walked out right now, J.R. might never trust anyone ever again, and it would be all my fault. Wait a second. I mean, is that the reason that you're here because you want to fix J.R.? Because if that's it, that's not going to work. You should just leave right now. If you are here for any other reason than love, J.R. will know it, and you will cause more damage than your affair ever did. You can't just chase me off. You're a traitor. Babe hurt you Yes, she did. Lied to you More than once. Betrayed you Like clockwork. Slept with another man It's not the first time. a waste. No. It gets in your head, it jacks up your life. Yeah. And you still love her. I did love Babe. Completely. And I was proud of myself for believing only her. I didn't listen to anybody but Babe. Mm-hmm. And just when I thought that I had a grasp on this love, she was busy ripping her clothes off, sleeping with Josh. I'm sorry she caused you such pain. No, it's it's my fault. I forgot who I was, who raised me. Never forgive, never forget. There are some exceptions to that rule. No, there are no exceptions those are your words until now. Why is that? I mean, if you love me so much, why is Babe still here? Why are you siding with her? No, I'm siding with you, son. Now, maybe you never happen. But her love is real. If it wasn't, she would've packed up and run away with Little Adam a long time ago. I'm such an idiot. I should've never signed over custody to her. I have custody temporarily. You do? You did it? That's what you wanted. Well, then finish it. Get rid of her. She refuses to go. Since when has that stopped you? Get the Chandler security to throw her out. Son, she's not here to torment you. She's here to fight for you and your marriage. A woman who loves that hard What, deserves another chance? Since when did you start talking like a romance-advice columnist? What happened to you? Krystal hijacked your brains and your stones? If Krystal cheated on you, would you let her stay? You going somewhere? Huh not me. heard her. She said she was leaving. It's the least I could do. You know darn well that she doesn't want to go anywhere, Colby. Well, what she wants and what my dad's going to do I got one more. Would you stop and listen? Now, we agreed that you weren't to blame for J.R .' s accident, but Babe isn't, either. J.R. did this to himself. He almost died. He could barely move. Which is why he doesn't need us fussing and pecking at each other. This is the part where we get over it, we pull together, and we work it out. Do you understand? Uncle Jack does not deserve to lose out the way my dad did. Sean, Travis and I had problems before you were even conceived. But he loved you. And he also loved your mother. I mean, Travis married Yeah, but he was happy with you. You know, it wasn't always happyville. Marriage, relationships they are very complicated, and no one thing and no one person makes a marriage work or not. You weren't the end of Travis and me, and you aren't the end of Jack and me. You're just being nice. Sean, I'm not known for " just being nice. " So when I tell you that, you can believe me. You are not the reason for the problems I have with Jack. Really. There's no reason for you to leave town. So, you and Uncle Jack, the whole crash-and-burn not my fault? That's right. So, is it because of the other guy? Lunch is served. Something has got to be done. I've got to do something. This isn't right. So, what, your Of what? An overdose? Are you sure? Mm-hmm. It's called a V-tach, and Simone had to have gotten the drug from someone. You're just going to go find out who? Yeah. Ok, now, remember a while back you caught some guy in here trying to drug a woman slipped roofies in her drink, right? Now, I know you guys try to monitor customers, but you know that a couple of people are coming in here high and getting lit in the bathroom, and somebody is supplying them. What, so you think that Simone bought that V-tach drug in here? I think that if Simone was unhappy or stressed or, you know, missing Ethan, I think she might've wanted to get away from that for a little while. But somebody had to give her that drug. Now, I want to know, who is the drug pusher that killed Simone? What There are so many things to be sorry for. Where do I begin? Where does it stop? Why don't you begin right here? Did you give Simone the drug that killed her? Wait. No, that is not what Zarf is sorry for. How do you know? He's sorry for upsetting us earlier. Is that true? What I said about Simone's death my beliefs, not yours. I shouldn't have forced them on you. What do you believe about Simone's death? No, no. Don't even get him started on this whole life-or-death woo-woo thing that he does. Now, our friend just died of a drug overdose. What do you know about it? That aura is getting darker by the minute. But I'll ignore it. One of the purest auras I've ever experienced has reminded me that one person's beliefs are another person's " woo-woo. " You may be the last person to have seen Simone alive. " Alive " as defined by this world. Oh, God ahem. But enough said. Again, I apologize if my views upset you. Hey is that the only thing you're sorry for? There are so many things to be sorry for. What I most regret is that Simone turned me down. If she had accepted my proposition, perhaps she'd still be alive. If you don't think that I can fix this, then help me find the scum who sold Simone the V-tach. And if we find him? You guys do whatever you want to him. First, I want to tell him what an amazing woman Simone was, how at a table right over there, she called me family. Me. And we were, you know? I just nobody hurts my family and gets away with it. Where can wen't see you fall I need to open the place up. Yeah. We're not far behind Hey. Listen, you can't you can't undo what has happened, and what happened is not your fault. So no guilt and no blame, ok? They all weigh the differences I just I just wish she was still here. So do I. Got a minute? Sure thing. You deserve some caffeine with a shot. And some whipped cream. After surviving the Chandler house, you can have anything you want. Ok. All right. We are family. Could you say it without the smirk and the eye-rolling, Colby? Because I know I know you have it in you to be kind and decent and loving. I see it when you're with your father, I see it when you're with your brother. Now, it's not so terrible you. I I'm sorry. I go zero-to-brat, and I don't even mean to. Well, most of the time. Apology accepted. But I'm not the one who needs to hear it. (Colby-sighs) If Krystal was sleeping with another man, would you forgive her? Would you let her stay? I I don't uh I don't no. Then why are you preaching to me about Babe staying? Because your father knows what you don't. Your heart is bigger than his will ever be. That's bull. That's why it breaks so easily. You may have the Chandler eyes and the Chandler drive, but, baby, you have my heart. I'm so sorry for the pain that it causes you. But I am very proud of the man it's helping you become. You haven't eaten, am I right? Yeah. Well, thought I'd remind you. With some of my favorites. You still prefer creme fraiche? Oh you think of everything. (Jeff-chuckles) What a guy. For a " jackass. " Sean, it really was very sweet of you to stop by, but I'd hate for you to miss any more school on my account. Oh, no, you know what? We're in luck lunch break just started, and I'm starving. These last few months have been whack beyond whack and the whole boat thing didn't help. Snatching it, crashing it majorly stupid. Huh. And Uncle Jack almost tattooed the lecture right here about taking what doesn't belong to me. Uh Sean, would you like some mint jelly with that chop? No, thanks, I'm good. You know, no matter how flashy it is, how good it looks, you know, how much fun you think because you will pay and pay and pay. I mean, look at me I'm a perfect example. I mean, I took something that didn't belong to me, and everything went to hell. Well, you're a quick learner. Your uncle's lucky to have you. Yes, he is especially if you don't flunk out of school. Oh, no, I only have Phys Ed left today. Oh. Ok, then. Fine. Bye. Fine. Thanks for the chow. I'm sorry about that. Sean means well. Well, he he loves his uncle, and he just doesn't want to see Jack lose the best thing that's ever happened to him. Well, what if I'm not Jack's to lose? My heart wherever it comes from wants Babe gone. Well, what about your son? Little Adam will be better off took you away from me. Do you remember that? Is this necessary? Yeah. Me blowing my Christmas carol solo. And it was Mom to the rescue, and then bye-bye. Yeah. It's a hard one to get over. I was kicked in the gut. But if Babe goes now, Little Adam is still young enough. He will he will forget it. He'll get over it. No. Honey, how many times did your heart get broken? How many times did you get over it? I mean, I know hearts get broken it's a part of life but if you have a chance to prevent it, God, please don't do what your father and I did. Please don't tear that little, beautiful, tender child apart. Little Adam needs both his father and his mother. Please, just let Babe stay. Listen to your mother. Well, now you have to, again. Do me a favor stop talking in circles, ok? Answer the question. Now, Simone would still be alive if she accepted your proposition? What what does that mean? Such an effervescent presence light, frothy, irresistible. I offered champagne by the tubful and love songs at dawn You you hit on Simone? Fusion is not your personal harem, rocker boy. Hey, Zarf, again did you give drugs to Simone? There's been a death. It's a shock. It must help to blame a stranger. Oh, they don't get any stranger. So you point a finger. Much more comfortable to look on the outside, because what's on the inside scares the hell out of you. Would you just stop with the jibber-jabber and answer the question? You don't want to look past the pretty, shiny parts. You don't look, you wo truth. The question was, did you give Simone the drug that killed her? What has Ms. Kendall been lying to you about? Why don't you take your aura and shove it up your Why would you do that now? Why would you bring up lies? Secrets, lies Is there a point? I suggest you ask Kendall. Ok, that's it. You're famous, you're richer than God, and, yes, our campaign will tank without you, but you're leaving now. I had hoped Babe would be here. This place is so much smaller and paler when she's not. Until we meet again Oh, what's that for? I was just thinking you, me, Christmas morning, watching you open your stocking. I can't believe it was a suicide. No. No, I don't want to. Simone that lonely because she lost Ethan? Did she think did she think maybe that was her one shot at love, and it was gone forever? I don't know, but it's possible. But you've got to believe. You can't just give up. Love is out there, you know? Real love family, friends, maybe even maybe even the one. You know, the good thing about love is it never dies. It changes, mm-hmm, into something different but still special. You are so going to get through this. Hey, you recovered for me because of Kate, and now I am here for you the way I should've been all those years. Now is all that matters. And I'm glad you're here. Hmm. Well, it's going to take a little getting used to, I've got to be honest with you. I'm not really sure how easy the same roof again and his pregnant wife and his daughter and his stepdaughter who's also his daughter-in-law? Is that how it works? I don't I don't know whether to laugh or run for the hills. No, you don't have to run and neither do I. Not anymore. I can't tell you how much it means to me that you've let me back into your life. If you can do that, who knows what amazing things your heart is capable of? If J.R. could run, he would've been out of town by now. He was a captive audience. Thank you for sticking up for Babe. I know it's not quite a natural fit. We're going to keep this family together if we have to go through Armageddon to get there. You and I we're ok, aren't we? You'll tell me if we're not? Why fine. Just fine. Ok. I really love J.R. a lot and you may not always get that, but I do. And I want to watch out for him the way he watched out for me. I don't do apologies very well, but I I want things to be cool between us. So I'm going to make a real effort. I promise. Touched-by-her-sincerity, -Babe-hugs 2-Colby. Well, I'm sure that Jack is going to have something to say about that. Well, Jack has already said enough. Jack and I are getting a divorce. Hey you're shaking. Let me take you home. I'm fine, I'm fine. You know, home sounds like a really good idea to me. No, I have work to do. Ok? Whatever traumas or dramas that were going on in everyone else's lives, Simone held down the, no, I'm not going to go home. Well, I didn't want to break my word to Spike it's supposed to be a surprise but he's he's made lunch. And you know he doesn't take no for an answer. I can hold down the fort. Ok. I'll get my stuff. I'll I'll help you. I I should stay. No. Come on, you're not letting anybody down, you're not slacking off. This is this is what you need right now. Nice friend you made on the roof. He is nice in a bizarre, free-spirit, other-planet artiste kind of way. He's a total freak, all right? Weird things happen when he's around. I don't like him, and I don't trust him. He's different, but I'm pretty sure he's harmless. I'm going to check out any and all deliveries that were made to Fusion or ConFusion. Yeah. I'm going to deal with the rock star. Hey, it's Zach. Check out a guy called Zarf and don't just open a magazine, either. (Football-game-plays) Who is it? It's me, and I'm not leaving. 
Just lay down and rest a little bit. I can't rest. Let me draw you a bath. Would you like that? I I don't know. Hey. Sit down. I'll get it started. Water runs Hey, it's me. What do you know about that Zarf character? Well, that we know I know why he's here, but why is he relocating? Good. Find out. You're checking out Zarf? You think he murdered Simone? You know this is worth no more than yours. We're all from the same light. Hi, it's not it's not Erin, I'm so sorry about Simone. What can I do? Jack and I are over. Well, you know that I've been waiting to hear that. But you seem surprised. I'm stunned. I mean, I gave Jack every opportunity to apologize, but he's just completely shut off mean that Oh, no. He turned his back on me. In fact, he just acts as if I'm the only one who's at fault, and he came over here to tell me that he had already contacted Livia. He wants the lawyers to handle it now. Erica, you have never allowed any man to dictate to you. The hell with what Jack wants. What do you want? Hey, take a break the bag's winning. Trying to kill yourself? No. Ah. This is a J.R. substitute? What do you want? That's my question. I was hoping that I could do something for you. Yeah. Actually, there is something that you could do for me. Get the hell out of my life. Yes, I've hit my all-time low No. Get out of my house, get out of my room, get out a minute. (Music-stops) So ow God I'm your wife. I don't want to hurt you. Just listen. All right. Just just get it over with. Make it quick and get out of here. When we said our vows in the garden on Little Adam's birthday, did you mean them? Yeah. Too bad I was the only one. I meant them, too. You broke them. So did you, but I don't think it's that unusual. Look, you asked me, and I answered. That is why they come up with the line " for better or worse. " And it doesn't get worse than you, does it, Babe? Maybe. But here's the real question. We have had so much of the worst. Can't we try to get back to the better? So Babe is really back with J.R. give her anything she wants. And according to her, I make her happy, but yeah, she's with J.R ., and she's staying with him. Oh. No wonder you're killing yourself and the bag. Yeah, well, I'd rather break down the door of the Chandler Mansion. But this is what Babe wants and this is what I'm trying to give to her. You're pretty tight with her, aren't you? Yeah. It's funny how we ended up being friends. You know, why doesn't she want to be happy? It's totally screwed-up. I don't know what the hell else to do. Why, Zach? Checking things out. To find out who murdered Simone? And you think it was Zarf? Everyone everyone going in and out of Fusion delivery people, cleaning people. They're all being checked out. You know something that I me. No, I don't. I want to reassure you. Ok. Well, then, I want to know whatever it is that you know. You will. How could this have happened? How can Simone be gone? How could she how could she have gotten killed? That's what I want to find out. And you don't think that the police can handle this? If this had happened at the casino, I'd do the same thing check out everyone going in and out of the office. But Zarf? I mean, celebrities worth billions of dollars they don't run around killing people. Can I ask you something? Do you think maybe Simone knew him before all this? If Simone had known him, then she would've gotten the account, not Babe. What if she didn't tell you? Simone keep her mouth shut about knowing some rich, famous celebrity Probably not. I'm not hiding anything from you. I just I want to eliminate all possibilities. I want us to sleep at night. Ok? You and Simone were close, huh? Yeah, we were. She was hilarious, you know? And she was full of life. It's just hard to believe. Like she shouldn't really be gone. I owe you an apology, because I'm really sorry that I was just so weird a minute ago when you came up to me. No, no, you had every right. Guys, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go say hello to our visiting celebrity. I mean, what'd you expect I was going to give a battle cry and come and attack you? Well, kind of. You saw me in Aidan's arms. The thought did cross my mind. Well, it didn't cross mine. . He just gave me the whole " I will always care about you " you know, " I will always have your back in a big brother kind of way " speech. And you thought? Well, I thought, man, am I lucky to have such a hot big brother. (Di-chuckles) I mean, Erin, really, because, you know, Aidan and I aren't serious. So if you two have old Wait a minute. Business to take care of Are you offering Aidan to me? No, I mean, I just You would just step aside? Well, I don't want to stand in the way of true love. You know, so if you and Aidan can get that going, I'm gone. It's a cocktail napkin. No. No, it's trash. No. It's so much more. Thank you, you Wow. You have come a long way, Freddie, my man. Are you talking to me? What, is there another Freddie Luper? I mean, that is your real name, right? Freddie Luper from Elkhart, Indiana? That person doesn't exist. He's dead. You say that Jack wants a divorce. Do you? You know, why doesn't Jack give a damn about what I want? And why doesn't he know? I mean, all these years he's spent with me, and he has no idea who I am. Well, maybe it's the timing. I mean, you've been facing a lot lately. Well, see, you understand what I've been facing, but Jack? I mean, Jack just stomps his foot. He orders me to come home. I mean, what does he expect me to do? Erica, most married couples they do live together, we did live together most of the time. Well, was he asleep all that time? Was he blind to what I need? I mean, he should know that I can't possibly exist simply as a mother and a and a stepmother and a wife and I mean, I have my own identity. I have my own needs, too. Look, Erica, you can't you can't ignore the role that I've played in this. I mean, the fact that you moved in across the hall from me don't you think that that might have something to do with it? My God. Not you, too? It's as if the whole cosmos is against me. Erica, I'm merely trying to point out that to Jack Is this a male thing? I mean, is this your ego? Would you get the door, please? First Jack decides that he's the center of to the Valley Inn to be near you. I didn't even know you were staying there at the time. Well, does Jack know that? Well, I told him. Well, sometimes hearing something just isn't enough. Well, it should be when I'm saying it. Honestly, it's insulting. I did not cheat on Jack with you or anyone and, I mean, if Jack is threatened by you, ok, well, then that's that's his paranoia. That's his problem. Why? Because we didn't do the deed? Just what exactly are you trying to make me say? Oh, come on, Erica. Jack has picked up on something between us. I've told you how I feel about you. We've kissed. A kiss a kiss is just a gentle, sweet, innocent gesture. Well, that wasn't my intent. Oh, oh No. Well, you know what? From my perspective, I enjoy enjoyed your company. So if that's a crime Well, feel free to commit it again. I stayed away simply to address my own needs, for my own renewal. It certainly had nothing to do with you. Ow. My ego is taking a beating here, but hang on, this has nothing to do with me. But you are living very close by, and that bothers Jack. And what I don't understand is, why did Jack retreat? Why didn't he plant himself at the Valley Inn and and fight for me? Well, there's nothing between us but gentle innocence, hmm? I mean, what's to fight? Well, Jack still suspects us. He suspects me of canoodling. Oh. Well, you're not even guilty of intent to canoodle. Look, how could I marry am? I mean oh, look who I'm asking. Huh. Was I just dissed? Look, when we were married, I was very young. I was just trying to find out who I was myself. But with Jack I mean, we've been together off and on for so long ; and of course, I thought that he was the one. But if he doesn't trust me, if he doesn't understand me I mean, I'm not saying that I don't love Jack. But why should I try to patch up our marriage when Jack doesn't even know who I am? I have spent a lot of time thinking about patching up our marriage. It's too late. No, it's not. You cheated on me. Yes, I made a terrible mistake, but I am renewing the vow about forsaking all others. You've cheated on me twice. And know about this? He's gotten the message. Is that supposed to make me feel better? You trusted me. And I betrayed you, but do you know why? Do you know what you did? Yeah I trusted you. You promised to love and to cherish, till death did we part. You weren't supposed to supply the " dead " part. Back to that. Huh. You think? If I tried to kill you, would you be over it? You have been one drink away from violence for a long time now. And a lot of people think that you haven't changed, and you never will. I don't give a damn about what anybody thinks about me. You were supposed to be the new you, J.R. You were never supposed to drink again. Yeah, that was before my wife did another guy. And that's justification to get wasted? Hell drove me there. I get it You might as well have put the bottle I made a mistake. I know I did, and I broke your heart, but why couldn't you just pick up the phone instead of picking up a bottle? Call your lawyer, kick me out don't jump out of a window. That was a mistake. J.R ., you were blind, out-of-it drunk, and with all the promises you made me, that was the betrayal, too. I betrayed you? You betrayed yourself and our son. What if Little A would've been there? What then? I would never do anything to hurt our son. I know, but we're both hurting him if we don't try to fix this. You said that you would change. I I am, damn it. By going at it without pain meds? Damn right. If you love said in the garden, you can't kick me out. Hmm. I feel safe with you. You are. I can break down about Simone if I want to. Cry, scream, break things. Do whatever you want. Whatever you want from me. I want you always, only you. Investigate the whole town if you have to. I know it's not just for me. I understand what else is is bothering you. I know it's been about a year since Ethan died, and now Simone. Brings it all back again for you, doesn't it? Yeah. We'll take care of each other. And I know Simone loved Ethan so much. He loved her. You know, Bianca thinks that maybe Simone missed Ethan so much that she hated the thought of being without him. Well, she's with him now. Another. Yeah. I do, and I'm a private detective. I like to find out about people. People like you. You'll never know anything about me. Why is that? Chris, you can put that on my tab. don't. Oh, come on, Freddie, man, relax. We're going to play. Don't you want to know my name? Names don't matter. Bodies don't matter. Really? What, people don't matter, is that right? Some don't. Is that why in the in the song is it " Transitions "? That you go into that morphing riff about melting bodies? " I melt out of myself, past you and back. Both and one, nevermore one. " Wow. That really that's deep. What does that mean exactly? What do you mean after several six-packs? Tell me about them the women you're with 's Erin, and Di. Di. Which one are you having and which one's mine? Thank you. You're welcome. Aidan's looking at you. He feels sorry for me. It could be more than that. No. I don't think so. Last call. I'm good. Going, going Oh, please, it's like you haven't fallen for him anyway. What? Oh, right. So it's not serious, but you want it to be. Yeah (Erin-chuckles) I do. But if you tell anyone else, I will tell the whole world that you are a liar. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. You know, Erica, if I if I knew you back then the way I know you now, I think that you and I might still be married. Jeff, don't be silly. I wasn't at all what I didn't know what I needed back then. You needed a classic doctor's wife. No, I did not. You needed a a perfect, self-sacrificing, home-entertaining, meal-preparing little woman. No, that is not what I wanted. Oh, don't be ashamed. Every man wants one, and why not? They're amazing creatures. Well I just don't happen to be one of them. No, but you're an amazing creature. You just happen to be unpredictable, that's all. Well, I'm predictable enough. I mean, Jack should know how I'm going to behave when he throws lawyers in my face. Threats are not the way to my heart. Well, if he if he overreacted Oh, don't defend him. Jack should know that I do not respond to ultimatums. I mean, his way or the highway? No contest. It's could rediscover myself, and instead, I wound up discovering the real Jack. Oh. Am I giving you a headache? I'm not much into self-sacrifice, or doing the noble dance. You didn't talk Jonathan away from Lily. Hey, stick to your situation. Babe is with a wannabe murderer. Do the girl a favor toss a bag over her head and throw her in the back of a van. Think that would work? Hmm. It's worth a try. I'll drive. You know, if I didn't know any better, I'd say we were friends. Well, if it's between you and J.R. I win. Something like that. Yeah, well, as far as Babe is concerned, it's it's over. I'm looking at a lifetime without her. A lifetime of punching-bag aggression. I I don't want to just get you won't. That crud that people tell you about getting over someone you really love? It's fiction it never happens. Ask me anything. Like, how stupid do you think I am? I'll tell you anything you want to know. And why should I believe you now? Right. No, no, you're right. I'm just I'm just sticking around to stick it to you again. That's not what I think. Then what's my angle, then? I mean, that's what you're so desperate to figure out, isn't it? I already know what it is. Really? Hmm. I'd love to hear your theory. No? Let's see. Um I'm not staying with you for money because, thanks to my chunk of Fusion, I have my own. Um I'm not afraid to lose Little Adam, because I have your signature on a custody agreement. And oh, yes. I have a handsome, smart guy that is just crazy for me. So why wouldn't I be on some jet with my lover and my son headed off to some fabulous island? Well, gee, Babe I don't know. You tell me. No, really guess. What's keeping me here? What is the one thing here that I actually want? I'm looking at him. I have everything that I need, but not what I need most you. I still need you. And I want you. Is that really so tough to believe? You haven't stopped needing me, J.R. You may want to think that you don't, but you do. Yeah. You don't need me. You've got Fusion and and you've got your lover. I want you us, our marriage. You're afraid say if you left me while I was busted up. Oh are you kidding me? They would probably cheer. Then make them happy. Listen to me. I need you. And I am not going anywhere until you get it through that fat head of yours. Oh. Ha-ha Say say " Hi, Daddy. " (Stuart-laughs) Hey, look at him I bet you miss the days when you didn't give a damn, huh? Oh, my God. You are hopelessly in love, aren't you? Why do you say that? Because you would rather have a broken heart than to have never loved Babe at all. I never said that. Hmm. Well, get ready. Living in the same town is torture. I'll be fine. You think it'll be great seeing Babe occasionally? I'll get to see how she's doing. It is worse and that equals pain. Been there. You and Jonathan. Not a chance. Never. Jonathan and I can't have anything like what we should have, a life together. Remind me never to fall in love again. Well, you better hope you do and fast with anybody. Why, because it would get me over Babe? It's the only cure I can think of. You know, I can't I can't see her without wanting to be with her. Oh, yeah. And every time I see her with J.R ., I just I can't stand it. You know, I got to get out of here. The prince of rock and I would like to buy you ladies a drink. Would you care to join us? Don't look now, but there isn't an " us. " That Zarf is gone. But if you on that offer. Not me, guys. I'm actually I'm going to go home, think about what I want to say at Simone's memorial. Take care of yourself. Thank you. Thank you for everything. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Have a good night. Ahem. You're transparent. Oh, God. You startled me. You take things too much to heart. Zarf, listen, things have been kind of miserable since Simone passed away. And you've had more misery and darkness in your lifetime to last several lifetimes. So I'm just going to get my stuff, and I'm going Don't you yearn for a home that's only light, no more pain? Don't we all? Well, I I just think that I need to go home and lay down for a minute. My crisis is putting you to sleep go. Fine. Well, feel free to stop by the " Erica vents show " anytime. I'll give you a call. ) Jeff, hey, hey, what's wrong? It's nothing, I'm fine. Well, no, what were those pills? What's wrong, Jeff? No, it's just an old condition, ok? I'm treating it. You're burning up. " Chloroquine " what is this? It's top secret. Will you stop that? This is not funny. I'll call Joe. No, please, I don't I don't want you to upset him, ok? Jeff, I am scared to death. Malaria reoccurrence. It's it's not a big deal. Malaria? Jeff, malaria can be fatal, can't it? Well, it's huh it's run of the mill when There's no cure? Erica, please I don't want you to worry. All right? Now, I'm doing everything that they can do. I've got the medication, and I'm treating myself. So please, I want you to relax and lay off the phone. I don't want my family upset over nothing. All right? " Nothing " doesn't make you sweat. Please, I just don't want my family to be worried. Do you get that? Ok. I won't call anyone, if you agree to lie down. No, I mean here. I mean right now. Right here where I can keep an eye on you. I could get used to this. Just like old times. What are you doing to Uncle Stuart? What are you doing? Come here You know what? I'm going to let you go and fly in oh and fly hug. We have to be very gentle. Ready? (Makes-airplane-sounds) Whoa. Oh, boy Whoa. Come in for a landing. Gentle. Ah Gentle, he's very sore. Aw, that was sweet of you. Oh, my big boy Ah, thanks, champ. I feel better already. Yeah, you're looking better. A lot better. Can I get kisses? I'm going to get some. Thank you. That was so good. Oh, could you make me a dimple? And smile, huh, you silly. Can you tell me how your Christmas cookie making is coming? Oh, Lucretia's got it in the kitchen. She's got the the icing and all the decorations are all ready. Oh, you're so lucky. You are so lucky. Are you going to make cookies for Daddy? Oh. And maybe for Santa? What about Mommy? yum, yum. Wait, we'd better get in there. She needs our help. (Babe-gasps) How oh Yum, yum, yum. Have fun I already had something to eat, thank you. (Stuart-laughs) He wants to eat her fingers. Oh Say " Bye, Daddy. " Bye " Bye, Daddy. " Bye. Bye. You silly. Can't we at least try? If not just for us, for Little Adam? People shouldn't be together if they don't want to be together. But I do want you, without the booze. And can't you at least admit that you want me, just a little bit? How do I know that you won't go back to Josh? How do I know you won't go back to booze? Maybe we can depend on each other if if we know that we're not just family. How does Erin seem to you? Not bad, considering. Yeah, Erin and Simone got along good. She's lost family. She's got a pretty good handle on things. We have to live every moment like it could be our last. Hello? Is somebody there? Shouldn't you be feeling better by now? Sorry. Oh. If this is a plea for attention, it's working. No. It's just malaria. It'll pass. It's no big deal. When? I mean, Jeff, you belong in a hospital. We can't spend our honeymoon in a hospital. Our what did you say? Thank you for being my wife. We're going to have a great honeymoon. I love you, you know, even more than I love the scent of these gardenias What were you dreaming? What makes you think I was dreaming? Well, you had a big smile on your face. You never smile when you sleep. So it must have been good. What was it? Ok, I can hear you if you need anything. I know that you have a lot to think about, so should I go? I should go, and but I'll come back whenever you say. I'm hoping that it won't be long if if you're wanting to give it a try. Are you? Babe? Hey - 
I just won't love you for the the rest of mine. I don't want to fight. I just want to be with you. I just want to live my life the way I was meant to I want a love that hurts. I want to say it Ah, here we are. Thank you, honey, for walking me to work. I'm just taking care of my wife and her little baby. I know you didn't sleep well last night. Yeah, it must have been all those belly-button balloon dreams. It was my father's shooting, I know that. I want to promise you something. No one will get to you or me. Or our kids, ok? Ok. Promise number two no more bad surprises. You all right? Yes, I'm good. You're good? Mm-hmm. That's why I'm bringing you to a bar? Because you're good is the Fusion morning start I need. I got my smoothies, I got tons of work to do, so it's good. Have one for me. Ok. Mmm. Mmm. Bye. Hello, hello. Hi. Ok, what do we have here? Ok ahem too trendy. Too blah. Too Too. Exactly. Here peach mango. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Ok, so you said we need a cutting edge package for a cutting edge product. We have nothing, and we are completely running out of time. Ok, well, all we need is something that tells people that Fusion is back. Right. Yeah. No problem. Um I thought Babe would be here by now. Yeah, well, she's home. Krystal needs her more than we do right now. God, I hope All right, if we don't do this now and focus, we are going to be in big trouble, so I I don't want to have to cancel the Jack and Jill wedding shower. Yeah as much as I love the idea of watching you throw me a party um there's a little problem. You don't like the food? You want to change the menu or take a person off the guest list or add a person? What? You might need to take somebody off the list. Me. Hey. Hey. So, why isn't my own house safe for my child anymore? It is safe now. The gun wasn't loaded when Emma found it. Whose gun was it? We don't know yet. Well, we find out whose gun it was, or I kick everybody out. Oops. Sorry. I didn't expect you off the forecast for the Byrum deal. Mm-hmm. Just leave it and go. Your buttons are off. I want a love that hurts I want this delivered right away. You got it. Just want our love to last and watch my dreams come true. I want to hold you close and never let you go So life isn't roses and buttercups in fianc land? Ryan's great. He's the best. Do you like this? No. Well, that's what Ryan is good at is being great. Last night, Ryan moved me and Emma and Kathy out of Wildwind. He's a fast worker, too. What do you think of this? Emma found a gun there. She found a gun? It wasn't loaded, and the safety was on, but still Well, whose gun was it? Why would somebody leave it where a child can 's. I think he might have shot Alex Cambias. No. No, no, slow down a second. You saw how angry he was in court. Yeah, of course, I did, but him and everyone else in that room. It doesn't mean that he he took the gun and ran after Alex. I'm not going to put my daughter in danger. Well, you shouldn't. But if the danger is over Well, is it? Look, I love Ryan, and I want a future with him, but not if it means putting my daughter at risk. Right, ok, so you would cancel your wedding to Ryan, because you think maybe Jonathan went after Alex? Are you overreacting a little bit? I swore when I took Emma and I ran from Terry that I would never put her in another position that would jeopardize her safety ever again. I want her to be safe. not hope. You've got Ryan " the white knight " Lavery, Annie, ok? He is all the protection you and Emma will ever need. But he can't control his brother. And I'm not taking any chances with my child. Don't you like Jonathan? Of course, I do. I mean, I did. If you had seen him I have seen him. I was kidnapped by the Jonathan that you've never met. I know how scary he was. This this is not the same man. When he came in the house last night, he was so amped. It was it was weird. I mean, he said he had been jogging. Ok, well, endorphins will do that to you. Yeah, but there was a weird look in his eyes. I know it sounds crazy, but it almost reminded me of days of Terry, this look of of fear . I'm calling the cops. Hold on, hold on. Hold on. Whoa. Look, Alexander Cambias was just shot. That could have been the gun that did it. Just I'm calling the authorities. Just let me let me check it out. Let me check it out. Give me an hour. You're worried that it belongs to your brother? I need coffee. I'm going to get more coffee. Does anybody want coffee? I can't, I'm late. I should be sucking down smoothies and and being brilliant right now. Yeah, I'll get my own, thanks. Hey, I'll see you tonight at the shower. Right. Ok. No, the gun does not belong to Jonathan. He had nothing to do with Alex getting shot, nothing. I would love to believe that. I'm not his brother. Ahem. Ok, you see? It's impossible to shoot. You see the safety? Locked. Oh. Who's got to " hang in there "? A friend. Hmm. " Everything is going to be chill "? What's her problem? How do you know I'm e-mailing a girl? Well, you don't say those kind of sweet things to a guy. Hopefully. Um Colby's going through a rough time right now with her family. See, her mom just had a baby her stepmom just had a baby. And her dad Oh, my God, that sucks. You know what? We should go to the mall. I have school. Well, cut. I mean, we're living in the same house, and you're what my half-sister's cousin? That definitely deserves some chill time, don't you think? And I mean, I really mean, this skirt is huge on me. You don't want me to have to take it off and just walk around here half naked, would you? Wouldn't want that. Ahem. So, we hit the mall. I've missed too much school already. They're thinking of booting me out. And? And my Uncle Jack would kill me and disown me. Is he still home? No. Just us. Ok, ok, I'll tell you what. Why don't you just give me the money? And I'll go to the mall by myself. And if you're lucky, I might even buy you something hot. Yeah, I'm broke. Oh, yeah? Because that's a bummer. You could really use some new pants. Why? What's wrong with these? Just the fit. I mean, you've got a cute butt. You might want to show it Rain check. Yeah, definitely. Ok I've got to finish getting dressed. I'm already late. Ok, you know what? Go. Learn something really important for me, would you? Damn it. He was telling the truth. Hannah wants to restructure the employee pension plan. It needs better diversification to maximize the return. I studied the summary when I first joined the company. A 2% increase over last year would be an excellent improvement. Sounds good. Can I see it? I have a copy in my top drawer. Good morning. How's my schedule look? It's on your desk. Oh good. You're here. The China market closed down 5%. And Europe's on the slide, too. Industrials, especially. I thought it might be a good time to acquire that German company we discussed. I did the numbers this morning. They're pretty, they're good. Kendall's having a bit of a hard time because of the shooting. I'm sorry to hear that. I do hope she'll be ok. She's going to be fine. I'll take care of it. Tell me about this German company. You take care of your family. I'll take care of business. Sorry to interrupt. I got a status report on your father thought I'd Deliver it in person. Alexander got stabilized enough to move, so he's transferred to the state psychiatric hospital. He's in the infirmary in the lockdown wing. Thank you. I knew you'd want to know. All right, I'll tell Kendall. She'll be relieved. It's finally behind us. Everybody's happy, then. How are you doing? What do you want? You need any help? No. Well, if you do Thank you, Alan. No problem. Mm-hmm. Ok, I get that you want to protect your child. But from Jonathan I mean, yes, he was furious at Alex, but I don't think he took a gun and ran after him. It wouldn't be the first time. It worked for you. Weren't you the one who prayed that Terry would die? I did. And Emma loves her Uncle Jon so much. I don't want to shut him out of our lives. Well, then don't. I mean, the only proof that you have that Jonathan did anything was he took a run. Yeah, that and a hidden gun. And Jonathan's weird mood. I don't know my gut's been telling me that something's going on with Jonathan. And what about Terry? Terry was able to fool people. Maybe maybe Jonathan is, too. You're getting married and you've got so much stuff going on. I mean, you think that all of these little things are are big enormous deals. But maybe they're just little things. All right? So why don't you just think of this as pre-wedding jitters, and let's get ready for our party? My instincts were so wrong with Terry. Today, I I'm not sure what I feel. Except that these colors are all, all wrong. I don't know what to do All right, yes, they are wrong. Well, listen, ok, if you're going to cancel this wedding, can you let me know? Because I have to cancel the shower. No, I don't want to. All right. Well, then just stop, ok? Take a deep breath and get over this. Have a smoothie, something. But please focus. Focus on what's important you and Ryan and your told you to marry Ryan. What? That's weird. Wow, I who would have thunk that? I know. And I want that more than anything. But I can't risk my daughter's safety. I'm all about safety. Spike is going to spend a lot of time at your place. Well, there's more than Spike and Emma at risk. It's my marriage. Oh, my God you really take something and run with it, don't you? Ok, just just hear me out. I trust Ryan 100%, but he and his brother grew up with violence. How is that going to affect my marriage? I I don't want to start off my new life like this, all wary and I think things will be different with Ryan this time. " This time "? Yeah, back when Ryan and Greenlee were married, she freaked out about Jonathan. But, he always took Jonathan's side, and it was not good. It caused problems. That's what I'm talking about. See? That's it right there. I should just cancel everything. Oh, would you stop? Stop take what listen stop a second, ok? You are freaking out about Jonathan. But Ryan listened to you. He did. He moved you out of the house. Ryan took your side. He didn't take Greenlee's side until it was too late. I see through your eyes what you see. You were meant for me. No place that I'd rather be. Don't want to think about the way things might have been living without you, girl could never have been I want a love that hurts I want to say it Trust me, Julia, I don't want my little girl anywhere near a gun, either. guns in my life. That is all behind me now. Whoever brought that rifle into this house is in a lot of trouble. Good morning. How is Emma? I missed the cereal song Jonathan, what do you know about that gun? And you better damn well tell me the truth. Del, that's your gun. What the hell did you do? Julia, I never saw that gun until last night. And I am freaked out, as well, that Emma could walk up and find it. Mm-hmm. Well, maybe you should have hidden it better. Julia, he just told you, it's not his. I would never endanger Kathy or Emma. Last chance to tell me if this is yours. Otherwise, I'm going to call the cops. He just told you, Julia. Ryan, it's all right. It's my history. No, it's not all can't even buy a gun right now. Oh, Ryan, when did having a record ever keep anybody from getting their hands on a weapon? Ok, the point is, there's no evidence at all that this belongs to him. Annie was concerned enough to call you and ask her to take ask you to take her and the girls away. Wait, what? Wait Annie still thinks that's my gun? She thinks that I used that to shoot damn it, Ryan I talked to Annie. I talked to her. Yeah, great, great. I'm not doing this again, Ryan. I'm not. I'm not going to screw up another one of your relationships. What are you talking about? You're not screwing up a thing. What am I talking about? You're not. Annie's upset, and you're defending me. Does that scenario sound familiar to of the only people that could see me for me. Because she wasn't here when I was such a mess. And now this one gun, ok? One time, and she's going to look at me the way everybody else does? I mean, she's going to she's going to sit around wondering. She's going to be watching me. She's going to be waiting to see " When will Jonathan lose it again? " No, your real friends know that you are a good man, Jonathan. Jonathan, I've only known you to be honest. You have to realize I just need answers. I gave you my answer, Julia. And if I'm a problem for Annie, then I'm going to stay away. And that goes for here, too, Julia. If that's what you want, then I will stay away. You haven't done anything wrong. Yeah. Obviously, not, do me this, will you? Before you slam my brother, can we just check this out a little bit? I mean, there's a lot of people that live here. This gun could belong to anybody. It could be Jamie's. Jamie has been at Tad's office with Amanda. Or racing around trying to find his little sister. He didn't exactly have time to shoot some guy and then come back and hide the gun in the wall. Fine. You want to find the gun's owner, then I will get the cops involved. I'll go take care of it right now. Ok, yes, yes. It is my gun, ok? Why would you think I need help? And if I did, why is it any of your business? You spent the night here, didn't you? The clothing change was a dead giveaway. I had a lot to do. Well favors missing his heart. He's paralyzed from the neck down. The only thing he has left his mind or what's supposedly left of it. Oh. There's my dad. Trapped in a sanitarium, faking his own insanity within a broken body. That's his punishment. It's like one of those Russian dolls, you know? It's a prison within a prison within a prison. And we caught up with the guy who helped Alexander get that picture and note to you. His testimony would prove your father was lucid, if he only was brave enough to talk. Do we want that? Hmm. Well, anyway, my caseload is getting so high, that shooting's going to have to go on the backburner. It could become a cold case real soon. You know, when I interned at the hospital with the schedule I had, it didn't make sense to go all the way home, turn around hospital a lot. Sometimes, I'd sleep there even when I didn't have to. No place to go. Doctor, business whiz, TV producer? What, now you're a detective? Diagnosing, detecting it's easier when you've had the condition yourself. Don't think we have anything in common, hmm? I need ownership transition papers on Revan on my desk by the end of the day. You know, sometimes, we get so focused on the work, on the project, on the deal, we forget about the rest of our lives. We forget there's something else. More. Huh. That line might work at happy hour, but this is an office, not a bar. And I'm not some bimbo on a barstool. I'm your boss. Are you afraid of " more "? Is that it? Don't get personal. Well, it doesn't have to get personal to go shopping on your lunch break? I can't. My break's not for another hour and 17 minutes. I could wait. So boring. You know what? There are these to-die-for pants that would look so awesome on me. Actually, they would look good on you, too. You could borrow them. My break's only an hour long, and even with favorable traffic conditions, there still wouldn't be enough time for me to to find an outfit that I would like and then try it on and then pay for it and then get back to work on time. So you miss a little work it's going to be fun I don't like shopping. But everybody likes shopping. There's too many people, and there's too much red and and they touch me. Lily, come on, I won't let them. So, well, just say yes, please, this again, I swear. Why don't you go by yourself? Go buy the to-die-for pants? Fine. (Ava-sighs) But you know it won't be any fun without you, Lily. And besides, Ava doesn't have any money. That's ok. You can use my credit card. No, Lily, I I couldn't. That just wouldn't be right. Oh, it's ok you're my sister. I want to make you happy, and shopping makes you happy. Thank you, thank you, thank you Hey, Lily ahem. Can I talk to you for a minute? So that was your mysterious Ava, your half-sister, huh? Yes didn't I tell you she looks just like me? Your face looks angry did I do something wrong? No, Lily, you didn't do anything wrong, but I think you're about to make a mistake And I pull an all-nighter at the hospital playing catch-up after the strike, and I I think that I can just come home and see my little girl, relax, get life back to normal, but, no, Kathy's at the Miranda Center, and I have to deal with this With what? You brought a gun into this house And I hid it in the wall Yeah, what were you thinking? Why are you in such a twist about this, Julia? You've had guns before. Julia, listen. The gun wasn't loaded. The safety's on, the child lock was on. That doesn't make it ok, and I want an apology. I'm sorry. (Julia-chuckles) No that's it? Can't you even say it like you mean it? What is your problem, Julia? I I followed all the rules. There were no bullets in it,, and it was hidden. Yes, where two little girls could find it. At the hospital, I see the damage that comes from guns all the time. Nice people think they're just going to get a gun for their protection, but there's there's a mistake and lives are ruined or lost. There there's nothing wrong with a little protection around here, Jules. Or was it justice? I mean, you flipped out after Cambias slid on that competency hearing. Was that your answer? That scum killed my sister, ok? He belongs in the ground not the hospital. Listen, just because he flipped out on that monster does not mean he did anything. Del? Did this gun go off in the direction of Alex Cambias? No. It hasn't been fired in a long time. Del will get rid of the gun right now. I'm late for work. I will see you it taken care of. Del? One more thing I want your key. Ava wants you to go shopping with her, because she wants you to buy her things. But I want to buy her things. I just don't like going to the mall. Yeah, I don't, either, but if you spend all your money on your sister, then you're going to have no money left for yourself. But it would help me to get to know my sister. After I see the things that she buys, I'll know what she likes, and I'll know what to-die-for pants are. She said I could borrow them. Hmm. I think you can get to know your sister without spending all the money you're working so hard to earn. It's ok. My dad pays all my credit card bills, so I can save all the money I (Zach-chuckles) I earn to go to MIT. . Ok. Hey, Lily? Sometimes people get hurt, because people that are close to them are are using them. And I don't want that to happen to you. My dad knew that Jonathan was lying, but I didn't, because I loved my husband. So the closer people are to us, the closer we have to watch them, right? Just take care of yourself, please. I will. And I'll close your door because everyone seems to want privacy today. You can leave it open. Oh Coffee break's over. Well, that beats a cappuccino any day. Get dressed. Get out of my office. This never happened. What, no performance bonus? Don't even consider telling anyone. Whatever you say, boss. Oh. I still want the Revan documents at the end of the day. And your filing system needs organization. You got it. By the way if you need your dry-cleaning sent out, I'm just down the hall. Ahem. You really want me out because of this? Isn't that a little harsh? The gun may be gone, but the problem is still here. The only problem Del has is hitting on Amanda. You know, Del, it doesn't bother me so much that you have a gun, but the fact that you are hiding it. I have to think of my daughter first, and I want you out of here. Julia, give him a second chance. Uh no, no. That's fine. It's Julia's house, Julia's rules. I didn't have a choice. So Mystery solved. I am sorry that everybody came down on you first, Jonathan. I hope you don't hold that against Annie. No. No, I As long as you and Annie are good, I'm I'm golden. All right, so let's just forget about this. I mean, what you need to be worrying about right now is getting ready for your shower. You know, maybe there shouldn't be a wedding. You marry a man, you marry his family. And with Jonathan, you never know something sets him off, you don't know what he'll do. It's not the life I want for Emma. You are getting married. That's it you're getting married. I don't want to hear another word about this none. I'm so sorry I'm late. That's ok the smoothies already melted hours ago. There was a problem at the house, and it just got a lot bigger. That was just Del Julia's kicked him out. What? Why? What did he do? Didn't know accessory in Pigeon Hollow, but it seems not so much here in in Pine Valley. It was Del's? Hmm. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, I completely freaked out. I thought it was Jonathan's. See, you see? That gut instinct of yours was bad and wrong Oh, no I told you it was the pre-wedding jitters No, I feel terrible He must think I'm awful. Ok, so, then, you know what? Apologize to him and let's get on with the wedding and the party, ok? Yeah, and you know what? Wildwind is now gun-free, so just move back in. Well, we're so close to the wedding, maybe I should just stay at the penthouse. No Come on, it'll be no fun without you there. Uh-oh. You guys, we're not going to Yeah, ok, ok So we'll fill you in, and you we got to get you ready for this party, ok? We need to change you. We have 50 wedding guests expecting to see a gorgeous bride-to-be, ok? Ms. Slater? Yes? This your office directed me here. This is for you. Oh, thank you. Sign right there. Ok. Thanks. Hmm. Who's it from? Who's it from? I you know what? There's no return address. Well What? Don't keep us in suspense. Really. We may have a silent partner. Anytime you feel like losing a paycheck, you know where to find me. I'll catch you at work. Deal. Here you go. Thanks. Yeah, I'll see you. Yeah, I'll see you . All right. Del? Were you telling the truth before that you didn't shoot Alexander Cambias? " Fusion Green pure, organic cosmetics, all natural products packaged in recycled materials. " Ah. " Sustainable cosmetics keeping you and the environment beautiful. " This is the big idea we've been looking for. Yeah. Oh, my God it's Fusion's comeback. Green is my new favorite color. (Annie-chuckles) Yes, this is very edgy, very edge. It's exactly what we are looking for in Fusion. Oh " Fusion goes green, Fusion banks more green than ever. " Who in the hell sent this? " You are cordially invited. " Julia, Del already answered that question. One more time I did not shoot Alexander Cambias. If I did, he'd be in the morgue, not the hospital. Hmm. Your gun just My gun had nothing to do with the Cambias shooting. Is that yours? Yeah. Del's right it's not the gun. What, just like that? I spoke to the police. That model is not the gun that shot Cambias, all right? 
You had a clean shot at my dad, and I let him live. Maybe you should've held on to that rifle in case you want to shoot me next. I think you went a little crazy with the truffle oil on that one. You might want to tone it down a notch. Oh, Linda, Linda? Can you please get the decorations out from the walk-in? Absolutely. Great, thank you. Ok. Wow, the place looks great. The staff seems calm, you don't have that annoyed/frazzled look I expected to see. Do I have the wrong night? Josh? Oh, well yeah, I didn't even recognize you. " Babe " wasn't the first word out of your mouth. Haven't you heard there is life after unhealthy obsessions. If you need any pointers on how to make that final break, let me know. Me? Well, I'm not the one throwing a wedding shower for my ex. Nope. Ok. So, Del is telling the truth. His was the only gun in the house. Annie will be relieved to hear that. Would you call her, please? Please tell her she doesn't have anything to worry about. I I want her to concentrate on having a good time tonight. Ryan? We need to talk. Well, you guys are still monitoring everything upstairs? If your mom tries to contact here again, we'll be able to trace the call, nail her. You know where to find us. Thanks, Agent Billings. (Amanda-sighs) Why hasn't my mom tried to call me back? She left her cell in that cabin, and she's on the run with a stolen baby. I mean, you really can't be too surprised. Well, you know, Jamie, if my mom thought I was in trouble, she would do anything to try and that she hasn't tried to call back again. She is either hurt, lost, completely written me off, or Please, stop. If Janet's gone, I may never see my sister again. Listen brr, brr So the woman at the gas station wasn't Janet? Well, what about the ATM? Yeah no, that's all right. Little-Adam That guy can't work. I'd rather know for sure. You just keep posted. Thanks. Little-Adam Now he's supposed to fly. Now he's supposed to fly. Hello, little man. Oh thank you. Thank you very much. I don't have much of an appetite. Mama, look, I know you're upset. We all are, but we need to stay positive. Tad is going to find Janet. And Jenny is going to be running the show around here before we know it. leave me, ok? I don't want any of my girls to ever leave me ever. Oh, now, listen. Listen to that. Oh. We do deserve some real peace and quiet. Mm-hmm. Now, that stinky old Adam Chandler he tried to trick your mama, but I'm smarter than he is. He and Krystal no, they think they're worthy to have a child huh. I don't think they're even fit to take care of one of these little dollies. I think I need to find a way to show them just how unworthy they are. False alarm. But the police are working on some new leads. Derek's out there, Aidan's out there, the FBI. We are going to find her. Why don't you why don't you sit down? I'll make you something. I can hear your stomach growling. No, no. I I sure. I'd love some. What is that, anyway some kind of curry something? Oh Ha-ha you got it. (J.R.-chuckles) Whoa Whoa Hey, boy What do you have here? Thank you for taking him out. He was looking for it all day, weren't you? Yeah, well, it's pretty messed up when your son does backflips over having a normal dinner with his father. Um speaking of dads, has anyone heard from ours? Have I even told you how proud I am of you? What you did, stepping in front of that gun that s amazing. I mean, you you saved the day, Colby, and as desperate as Mama was, as crazy as she was acting, maybe even Adam's life. Yeah, well, that was before I knew he put our baby up for adoption. Why'd I bother? You don't mean that horrible things that my father has done, your stomach would turn. And I've cried so many tears over him, but never once have I wished that he was dead. And as upset as you are with your father right now, I know you wouldn't wish that on him, either. What you did really was incredible, some compliment. (Colby-chuckles) Thanks. Um where's the convertible? I left my History book in there. Oh, it's out in back. Oh, Captain Cool. Oh, oh, oh. I'm sorry. I know that it's hard having him split his time between us. Look at you Even with everything going on, we still have a lot to be thankful. Krystal? Why don't you come on over here, have a seat with me, ok? Listen. You can't do this can't give up, lose hope. We are going to find her acting like we've already lost her for good. I just want to hold my baby, Tad, kiss her little things or her fingers and toes. I just Yeah, I know, and I'm doing everything I possibly can to make that a reality. But I need you to have faith in the outcome. You know, I couldn't do this for Dixie. She felt everything we did right now, but she was alone. I wasn't there to help her. Dixie was tricked into giving her baby to Greg Madden. I was more than willing to hand over Jenny to a baby seller, all on my own. I even called him my husband. Stuart, pull up a chair. It's a gorgeous night look at the stars. Would you put a sock in it? You're sitting out here because you're you're afraid to sit in there, because you're afraid the silence is going to Little Adam and his toys and Colby and her music or Krystal and her laughter. You're never going to hear any of those sounds in this house, ever again. You're going to sit out here and try to escape the emptiness. Adam, you've taken everybody who loves you and turned them against you. Does that include you, Stuart? I'm going to give you guys a minute to talk. One thing I want you to know that Del's gun was the only gun in this house. Thank you, Jonathan. Annie. Oh, hi. Oh, I'm so happy you're home. Oh. Yeah, we never thought you'd set foot in this house again. I know. Please, don't move out. I've taken care of the gun and Del and, you know, I would never let our girls be in danger. Emma's completely safe. Say you you, both of you. I can't tell you how much it means to feel wanted. Oh. I was going to talk to Ryan first, but I really need to get this off my chest. I am so sorry I thought the gun was yours. So, yes, I'm throwing a shower for Ryan and Annie so what? I mean, Ryan and I haven't been together in forever. Besides, I am happily married, and I have a baby on the way, so it's really no big deal. Actually, this is quite evolved of me, if I do say so myself. This is how mature people act, Josh. Right, just like you maturely blackmailed me into keeping my mouth shut that Emma was Ryan's kid. Ok, if I do recall correctly, you were the one who blackmailed me one of your schemes to score Babe again. No I just told you, Babe and world rejoices, believe me. Ok, I got to huh. What do you think? Best place so far. You know what? I'm glad you're on the market again I really am. There's going to be tons of hot, single girls here tonight so you might score. Or who knows maybe you'll meet someone at the Cambias office. Actually, my days of getting emotionally involved with my co-workers are over. Chemistry is Chemistry. Don't limit yourself. You could end up a very lonely man. I wouldn't worry about that. You followed me here? What for? I saw you ditch the rifle, Hannah. Oh, come on. Your mind's playing tricks on you. I didn't have any rifle. And I definitely have no reason to shoot you. Enough I let it go when you implied that I shot at my father just to take the heat now with this? Or that look on your face when you knew that I saved my dad? If I had known better, I'd think you have your daddy's back. I'm protecting my family. Kendall, Spike, and little Slater that's my first priority. Do you understand that? If you have unfinished business with me, let's deal with it right now. But I will have you transferred to another Cambias office if I have to. I will fire you if I have to. But this ends right here, right now. Zach? What? Can it really finally be over? I That day at the office, after Alexander beat the murder rap, you you said it was enough, that he'd be in a hell he made himself. I looked at your face to see if you really meant it. There was no trace of resentment. Somehow you managed only thing I could've done. I want to let it go, too. I want to find the peace that you found. The only way that I could see how is is to take what Alexander took from me my son, Zach. He robbed me of a life with my only child. And I wanted him to know what it felt like. I wanted him to lose everything, too. I didn't pull it off couldn't make it stick. And now he's locked up and and I have no way to get to him. It's really over yeah? Yeah. I have no idea how to move on. Where should I put the gifts? Put it on the table over there. That'd be great. Would you take mine, as well? Thanks, hon. Ok, so come. Mister, did you did you really come early because of Lily or was you wanted to come and have a nice, little quiet conversation alone with Mom? Hmm all right, either way, you're going to be disappointed because apparently she's pulling an all-nighter at the studio, and she can't make it. " Apparently, " huh? Mm-hmm. Do you think there's any doubt? Thank you. What, Mom support Ryan and Annie's marriage? Kendall, it takes Erica a little while to warm up to new people. Yeah, that's a very PC answer. Hmm wasn't it just? But, see, it is ironic here I am to wish Ryan the best on his marriage, and not too long ago, I was convincing Greenlee to divorce him. Di told me about the gun being Del's. I am so sorry I jumped to the wrong conclusion about you. I was just so worried about the kids. If people don't trust me to. And besides, you were you you were looking out for Emma. She's just so young, and she's seen so much Then then then stop it, stop it. No more apologies. I don't want any more apologies. I'm not mad. I promise you I'm not mad. If anything, I'm relieved because now we can we can forget about all of this, and you can concentrate on your wedding shower and on your wedding itself and on stud muffin right here. Where me? Yeah, you. Me? I mean oh, and I want you to know something else. I'll gladly back out of the festivities if it'll make you more comfortable. I want you to be happy. I am in love with your brother. I am going to be Ryan's wife, so that makes us family, Jonathan. Of course, I want all of it. Come here. Ok. Ok. Ok? Ok. Ok. Yeah. All right, I'm going to go. I'm going to I'm going to go to Fusion and see if Kendall could use some last minute help. Ok. Ok. Well, girls, we got to get ready for this shower. Come on Come on. This isn't just about Jonathan, is it? This is about you, isn't it? Boing Boing, boing, boing hmm, hmm Good night Good oh Good throw Oh. Where'd everybody go? Oh Babe just took Little Adam to bed. Hey, I let Babe do all the talking because she's better at that stuff than I am, but what she said about what you did at the house is proved that you were nothing like Dad which makes me jealous as hell. Come here. So, these are the new digs, huh? Pretty sweet. You ok? Yeah. I am brave and strong, and heroic. I'm great. Whew. We're going to go put our jammies on and then we're going to come say good night. What jammies which ones? Little-Adam Fire engine. Fire engines I think so. Let's see if we can find them. You know, when I said I was sorry I stayed with Adam, I had no idea how sorry I'd be. I mean, my God he gave our baby to Janet Dillon, tried to adopt her off to complete strangers? Here Adam spent years trying to find Colby he knows exactly how that feels, and yet he did us one worse. He he didn't even bat an eye giving our baby to strangers. to trust him, and I just I didn't listen. I I thought I knew better. I saw something that y'all didn't. Now I'm paying for it, and you're paying for it, and worst of all, so is Jenny. You're not doing this. Forget it. No. Well, this is dj vu that I don't need crazy Janet's hiding a baby and Amanda's our only hope to talk her off the ledge again. Kill me now. Get over yourself, J.R. We wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for your dad. No, we wouldn't be here right now if you would've stepped up the minute you knew where your mother was stashed. I made a mistake not coming forward. I will blame myself every day if something happens to that little baby. But don't even try and act all righteous. After everything you've done to my mom. Now, look, catch up I'm through with my father. After what he did to Jenny, we're not even family anymore. But you, on the other hand your mother killed your father, and you just can't wait back to her crowbar-loving arms. Would you shut up? I've heard this all before. Everybody has issues, J.R. deal with it. The only problems I'm interested in fixing right now are Krystal's and my dad's. You have to get over this guilt because it's useless it doesn't do anything. It's not going to make you feel any better and it's certainly not going to help us get Jenny home any sooner. Did we screw up? Hell, yeah. We screwed up bigtime, we made mistakes, but those mistakes aren't the reason that we lost Jenny. This is Adam's doing, pure and simple. Now, if you feel the about Jenny in the first place, then you go ahead. You have at it, because we're not done with that subject yet. We can fight about it later after our little girl is home safe and sound. Until that time, you and I are a team. I get what you're worried about, Annie. You don't have to be. The way Jonathan and I grew up is kind of scary it is but it doesn't have to be repeated. In fact, we're going to stop it. Emma will never be hurt by me never and never by Jonathan, never. I mean, it wasn't by accident that she's ours. It wasn't it wasn't by accident that Erin brought her to Pine Valley, and it's not by accident how I feel about you. In fact, Emma would say that we are on purpose. (Annie-chuckles) Right? Wouldn't she say that? And to say it any better than that, so I'm not even going to try. Hmm. Give me a kiss. Yeah? I always wondered, does it fly, does it I know. Hi. What are you guys still doing down here? Come on, come on the party the party's about to start. Come on Let's go. It is party time. All right, let's go Let's go, it's party time (Women-laugh) Yeah, what you're wearing you have to know, right? Hmm. Ok, let's do just one to Ryan and Annie. Oh, what a great idea. To Ryan and Annie. Yes, yes. Cheers. You know, I have to ask you a question am I the worst judge of character in the world, or what? I mean, course, I realize now it may have been the best thing for her. Then I hound Greenlee to leave Ryan, and he's exactly the kind of man I wish for her. Ok, I can't let you beat yourself up too much, because Ryan and Jonathan weren't always Mr. Rights. Yeah, but true enough. But even you knew that Greenlee and Ryan had something special going on there, and you were his ex-fiance for Pete's sake. True. You know, I still miss Greenlee. I miss how close we were. But if I had given her Spike, if she had stayed in town, and I had to give her my child I can't imagine that. Yeah. Well, I think everything worked out the way it was supposed to. And I do know that, but it doesn't make living without my little girl any easier. As hard as it is to let go, we have It's time to move on, let go of the thirst for revenge. It's just I don't know how to do that after decades of wanting Alexander's blood. I don't have distractions like you love, a family. There's plenty of time for that. You're not the same person I knew when we were young. You were so angry. Right, and you used to help birds with broken wings. Kendall's really good for you. Yeah. And I'm not going to let anything get in the way of that. Are you going to turn me in? No. Maura (Janet-gasps) Oh, Maura that's it Oh, that's your name Isn't that just a perfect name? I mean, it is Amanda's middle name. Her name is Maureen, and she was named after Trevor's mother, Maureen. Maura oh, I'm so glad you met my daughter Maura? And you are who? Oh, well, we're going to have to come up with a name for you, aren't we? Do you know after we get far, far away from Pine Valley, and we're safe and no one can find us, we're going to have to check back in with your big sissy and see if maybe she can come with us. Oh, wouldn't that be fun? Mm-hmm. Oops Boy We found our favorite jammies now it's time to say " Night, night. " Hey, good night, doodle bug. Little-Adam Where is the baby? Oh, come here. I love him. Have you ever been around a gun, Sean? I mean, like when it's pointed at someone, someone you love? I I can't even tell you how scared I was. So when you say you played hero, you gun. No way. Yeah. Ok agreed. That's massively brave, but hello? Don't do that again. What majorly dangerous, ok? What were you thinking? Honestly, I thought I'd play the adult in this picture Colby Chandler. I swear, I have been the only rational person in my family since Krystal's secret blew. Yeah, well, at least your mom isn't acting like she's 14, trying to steal the football captain away from the prom queen. Yeah. I don't want to be the adult. You took a sweet, little baby girl and tried to give her away to strangers when she had a mama and a papa who will love her to pieces. I just I just can't stand to be around you. You're the good twin, and I'm the evil one. That's no surprise we've known it for years. Krystal were at your happiest, I never saw any more goodness coming out of you. But then, she broke your trust, and she broke your heart. I understand, but never in my wildest dreams did I think you would do anything this awful. And now you can't undo it. Oh, oh, oh. Shh, shh, shh There we go see? (Doll-cries) Everything's ok. Baby baby? (Crying) The baby doll who's crying now? Oh, no, no, no nobody needs to cry. (Crying) Everybody stop. Who's crying which one? Cry, cry no, no, no, no. No, baby, it's ok. Hush, hush, hush, hush. Here, here. Now, your mommy's here. Let me where's the button? Stop Stop it Stop, baby Stop ha-ha. Stop crying, stop Shh Oh, please, stop crying. Oh. (Crying-stops) Oh. (Baby-cries) Maura? Stop crying, Maura. As-crying-gets-louder, Oh Growing up, I got so used to my mom going back to the hospital. I hated it, but I knew it was for the best. And she used to tell me that if I sent a message to the moon, the moon would pass it back on to her. And now I know it's because she wasn't allowed to use the phone, but back then I believed it. Well, let's hope she forgot that stupid ritual. We can't trace a call to the moon. It's getting late. I got to go, got to be somewhere. What about you? You staying here, going home? Or do you want to see what it looks like when people get on with their lives? Thank you for I don't want to hear any more from you, please. You were mean to my sister Ava, and I'm mad at you. Lily, I'm sorry, because I know how excited you are to have a sister, but I'm I'm worried, Lily, that Ava's going to hurt Well, don't worry about me anymore, please. We're not family. Ava and I are and we always will be. (Cheers) Are are you ok? Yes excuse me. Oh Look Oh, everything looks great. It's so romantic. What's up, ladies? Oh. What are you having? Ooh. What's the blue thing? Hi Hey, come in. Hi. Oh, they're kidding. Come with me Ok. Right now. All right, we're going. Hey, hey hi. Hey. Hey All right, look who's here Ok, everybody ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce to you the soon-to-be Mr. and Mrs. Ryan Lavery. Whoo That's right. This gift is for you. Oh, thank you, Lily. I hope you like it I picked it out myself. And if you don't mind, I'm I'm going to leave now, because I'm getting a little overwhelmed by all the excitement of everyone here. Thanks. Ok, I'm I'm going to go ahead and take her home, so Absolutely, yeah. Say good night myself. Thank you so much for coming, it means a lot. Yeah, thank you. It means a lot. Yes, it does. Best wishes Oh thanks, Jack. To both of you for coming. Have a safe trip home. All right. That's sweet. Wonder what I told you. Excuse me everybody? Huddle around for a second. Huddle up. Yeah. I I want to start this evening off with a toast so, here I go. I never liked you. Oh, my God I love you. I love you, and I want you to be happy, and now with Annie and Emma and Spike in your life, you have a family, and I don't have to worry anymore. You have it all. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers, thank you. Thank you. Everything but a gift from me. Oh Oh, I see. I have a gift for you. That was very nice. Um That was nice, thank you. You're welcome. I wasn't kidding didn't get you a gift. I'm so sorry. I'm a horrible person. Are you out of your mind? Don't worry about it. I'll get something I'm going to get you something. I'll be back. Yes, you deserve to, for me. Hey, can I steal you for a second? Yeah. Those flowers thank you. So, not only are you throwing a party for your ex, but your husband is a no-show. Oh, he'll show up. Hmm. He'll be here. Ha Ha-ha-ha, I told you. Told you he was (Kendall-hums) Hi. Hello. Hi. Hey, honey. Gate crasher. Oh, no, no, not at all I'm glad you're here. So would you like some champagne? Thank you. It was nice of Zach to offer. miss? Not much, yet. So, Hannah, how is my brother's performance at the office? Uh hold that thought. I I'm going to go get something stronger at the bar. It's crazy what's going on in here, I know. Del? Hey. Don't act like that around her. Julia had good reason to throw you out, and you know it. You endangered her daughter's life. If you want to move back in, at least try and make it up to her. Hey, Cambias survived, ok? Yeah. I'm gone, the rifle is stored. Let's just let it go, all right? When did you get the tip? And how long before you got over to the restaurant? Find her. Find Mom, please. And nothing? You're absolutely right. Stuart, Krystal is an angel. She cheated on through Colby's chest. A bullet? Adam, this has got to stop. Well, talk to the good woman. I'm the monster, remember? You must've pushed Krystal and Colby to make them do that. You you took a bad situation and made it horrendous. Right, right, it's all me. All me. This is what I hate most about being a twin. I I'm furious with you, but I I can't abandon you, because you're just going to go out and do something even worse. No, but I'm not going to leave you for good. But I just can't bear to look at you right now. You better you better pray that little Jenny comes home safe, because if she doesn't I'm sorry about what Little A said about the baby. Your son is most of what's keeping me sane right now. Don't off. If the FBI calls about Jenny, I need to be there. Thanks, Tad for everything. You ok? Jenny will be home soon. We all have to believe that. I am so glad all you needed was a little milk to settle down. Oh, you sweet thing. Maura, what is that light huh? Look. Is it a street light? Is that the moon? Mom, I need you. Thank you. You bet. You ever you ever been busted for something you didn't do? I swear it's like you might as well have just done it, made the hassle worthwhile, you know? I know that your dad was finally transferred today, but is there another reason why you were late? Derek found the guy who sent the note from my father. It's over. It's over. Wait where? Where am I going? I'm going to spill my drink. We just want a little private moment before the whole shower gets into full swing. We're so, so happy for you and Ryan, Annie. We're just so happy We are. In all of this chaos, you two found each other, and you wouldn't let us Yeah, and you have enough sense, you know, not to let anything get in the way. That's right. Greenlee-'s-voice " You are cordially invited to an evening of love and laughter renewed. " 
Do you know why I'm withdrawing my offer, Ava? She doesn't need you or your network, J.R. It could kill a startup venture like this. Isn't that right killer? I want you to get the hell out of here right now. Oh. J.R.? Wait. Is that our mango tango? Is it too light? No, it's perfect, but you normally have on rain bloom. What's going on? I'm I'm just playing around. Oh, you have a date. It doesn't what? No, it's not even it's not that big of a deal. It's just a A date. So, who's the lucky guy? Wes. Wes, the new bartender at The Comeback as good walking away as he looks walking toward you. Stop it I don't know I haven't had time to check him I was too busy letting him save my life. Oh, right, right, right the holdup guy. Yeah Ok. So, is this you, I don't know, being merciful? He's kind of cute and Yeah. He's sweet, too. I don't And hot. Stop It's nothing serious, I promise. It's just a date Ooh hello. God, I have missed this Hello I have missed this Kendall Welcome home Hi, ladies. Oh, welcome office Or just welcome work you're back Yes, I am back thank you, thank you. So Yeah? Have I missed anything? Babe-and-Amanda Uh You want to take this one? What? Just a little bit. Really? So, what was the way over here this morning? Well, I was going to talk to you about the locket. But judging from the cheerful expression on your face, I think it might as well wait. So, you need me now is that it? What's the matter now, Greenlee? Nothing. No, obviously there is, all right? Otherwise, you wouldn't look like you were either going to throw something at me or Ok, you know what you can do with yourself, you smug, condescending British little twit? You can just kiss my Whoa, whoa, whoa. What what is going on? You know, if you wanted to get rid of me, Aidan, you could've just said so. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go inside, and I'm going to make sure everything is ok, Annie. I'm all right as long as . That's what I worry about, Ryan. If Richie ever did anything to you, I'd just Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm a pretty tough guy, remember? Come on. So you being back, this can only mean good things. For Ian and Spike. Yes, and for us. Fusion's really Fusion again. Well, I just want to thank you guys for for everything. I mean, you've you've been amazing, so thank you. So, is Ian coming home, then? Hopefully soon. His weight is up, which Oh, good. Which which is good, and and he reaches out now with his little, tiny sweet little hands. They're so tiny but they're so cute. And then and then when I hold him and I and I do the whole little kangaroo thing on softly to him now. Oh, my gosh. So it's it's it's amazing, and this is not what is please tell me this is not all mine No worries. Amanda and Annie and I we could get you caught up by tomorrow. Yeah. No, no, no. Annie actually she won't be here today. She's taking a personal day. Is everything ok? Uh, family stuff. Hello, hello. Hi Well, hello Hi Are you kidding me? It's surprise return day who's next? What so what pried you away from Soho? Uh oh, our our fearless leader called me. Yeah Di is here for our staff meeting. Oh, well, is this about our next Fusion Green push? No, this actually is about Greenlee. Well, one. Ok, just just hear me out on this one, please. Ok what about her? I will not let Fusion be torn apart. By Greenlee? No way. So I am calling a ceasefire with her in this office. I'm sorry what? I I don't get it. Ok. Greenlee and I will be running Fusion together again. But Babe's been Yes, I yes, I know. Babe, you have been amazing, you have. You have covered for me and Greenlee and I love you for it, I do but this is for the long-term future of the company. I get it. I hate it. Can you really work with Greenlee again? I mean, after everything she's done, can you really see this happening? It has to. You want to fill me in? You want to catch me guess? Actually, I'm not even going to talk to you at all, so see ya. Greenlee, please. Come on, come on, please? Just sit. Sit down. Ok. How about, " I won't tell Greenlee anything that she doesn't need to know "? Sound familiar? Not particularly, no. Ok, then what about, um, you know, " Greenlee doesn't really mean anything to me anyway "? Ah, man. Look, I really I really didn't expect you to hear that, all right? I only said that because I needed Ryan to give me more information. Ryan and I are working on a case together, and it's confidential. So, what, one of his flunkies makes you eat sand and suddenly you guys are best friends again? Look, no, no I really don't think that it was one of Ryan's men that is why I need to speak to you. Greenlee, I'm sorry. I really am. I didn't want you to hear that. I didn't mean it. All right? Listen, I need your help. I need you to think back to the night that that locket washed up onto the beach. Does the locket have something to do with Ryan's case? I am not in any danger. Ok, Ryan, just listen to me. Richie has no moral compass. He never did. He sees love, he sees family bonds, and he targets them. He wanted to kill my father the day he pushed him out the window. I know, I know. We don't have to go over that. Yes yes, we do. because I need you to understand. Richie destroyed my family once, and he's trying to do it again. But he can't, because we're on to ok? And Emma is safe Emma's with Zach and Kendall. I can't even take care of my own daughter. What are you talking about? We are taking care of her, the best way that we can, ok? Come here. Come on. Hmm. You know what we'll do? We'll go visit her tonight, ok? And and we'll make sure that we take her to school tomorrow. I just can't stand being away from her. I know. I know. You going to be ok if I put these away? You sure? Yeah. Ok. Man-'s-voice You can't fool the world forever, Annie. Your time will come. Oh, I can't wait till your time comes. J.R ., would you give us a minute, please? What are you doing? I need to talk to him. Why? You know why to do with me. No, he doesn't. Did you hear him? Oh, come on, trust me. He would not have come here if he wanted to blow the whole thing up. J.R. came here to make sure that I saw my past splashed all over the news. That, too. Which is exactly why you can't trust him, ok? He'll do anything, Ava. He'll say anything Shh, shh. Come on. Don't you trust me? Trust me to handle this. You shouldn't have to deal with all this crap. And that's exactly what it is. Who cares? Everyone. You didn't do all that stuff. I did. I did all those terrible things. Now it's costing you. No, no. Listen, I'm not going anywhere, ok? And if somebody's going after you, they might as 'll deck them. You know, I think you would. Just be careful with J.R ., please. Piece of cake. J.R.? Is it my turn now? Would you call me if you need anything? So? So, about what what you were saying Nothing personal. No, I'm ready for the new media. You know, the the Fusion ads, they don't really get all my personality out there, you know? What, did they short you oxygen in the OR? I rescinded my offer. That means " took back. " Huh. Yeah. I don't want you anymore. Right. That's bull. Miss me? When I heard about Spike and the accident, I decided to come Rush back and sit at my desk? Well, Zach needs me. Did he say that to you or was it the other I did miss you, you know? Yeah, but not as much as Zach right? Let me ask you something, Hannah. The night you left, you said you wanted to have Zach's baby. Did you sleep with him? That's none of your business. Well, it kind of is since Kendall is my sister. Why don't you ask him? Zach doesn't need you here, or anywhere else. Well, that's funny Zach welcomed me back. Oh, yeah. Well, you know what? Like you said, Zach has been through a lot. He's exhausted, he's concerned about his family. He's vulnerable right now. Meaning what? Meaning a sharp operator like you might see him as a mark. Wow. You give me far too much credit, and Zach, very little. I don't know about that. You're a pretty formidable woman still noticed. And I'm not lying in wait for Zach, if that's what you're worried about. Really? Really. When I came back to Pine Valley, I I was searching for anything or anyone to bring Ethan closer to me. I realized it couldn't be done. My son's dead and nothing can bring him back. No other child can replace him. Then Zach's off the hook. Yeah. But you're not. Wes, come on. You saved my daughter's life. Yeah, well, I was a hell of a lot more scared than he was. Oh. Ok? So, anyway, can I go get glasses or something? No, I I am going to give you that raise, Wes, and as of now, you are promoted to bartender/bouncer. (Krystal-chuckles) I'll settle for a free beer and a new bar rag, ok? but I just want you to know you have made a friend for life. (Krystal-chuckles) So, what does the locket have to do with Ryan's case? I can't tell you, Greenlee, because it's a case. Which you want me to help you with, but you won't tell me anything, because Ryan's involved, and God forbid the evildoer gets involved and messes it all up. Well, can you blame him? I mean, come on. No, but you know what? I don't care anymore. Yeah, that's a funny one. I don't believe you. Well, believe all you want. I have to get to work. It's our first day back. " Our first day "? Yeah, me and Kendall? See, life really does move on. See ya. Can you just wait up a minute? Oh, my I got I'm ok. I'm all right. Fine. Ok, Aidan, people smacked in the head with boulders usually aren't ok. You shouldn't be out playing detective. Wow, you really do care, don't you? You better not be faking. I'm not faking, but this little locket that you gave me is now causing a lot of trouble, all right? It's part of a really, really big puzzle that now I have to solve. Well, I happen to be great at puzzles. Well, you're not working on this one with me if that's what you think. Doesn't mean I'm kicking you to the curb, though, or any other place, all right? Meaning you really do care. No meaning any guy dumb enough to kick you is going to lose a foot. No, I for the record, I really do care, all right? It me for the moment this vagueness, detective stuff. Well, what's in it for me? The solution to your mystery. Our mystery. Well, it's more crime than it is romance, but you never know. So long Well, I have to go to So long well, I tried to Work. Yeah. Huh. I have to go to work. Is anyone listening above this atmosphere? Hello? You got something on the locket? I'm on my way. Hey, what do you want for lunch? I'll make it. Ahem I'm not hungry. Hmm. You still thinking about him? Huh. I can't stop thinking about him. Wherever he is, Richie knows that and he loves it. What can I do to distract you? I should be working. What? You promised you said no . Ok, then I'll unpack, then. No, no, come on. I want you to relax. I know. It's just a few things Julia dropped off from Wildwind. I haven't gotten a chance to unpack them yet, so It's ok, it's all right. The guys downstairs know not to send up anybody that we don't know. Who is it? It's your killer brother. Jonathan? Can we just start over? Hmm? No tricks, I promise. There's something you need to know. Kendall and her family are now my family. And if you want to get close to me, I'm assuming it's to get close to them. How do I prove you wrong? I don't know that's your problem. Here's another one. You make a play for Zach, mess with Kendall, you will know me, and Greenlee and I together is simply good business. It shows our clients that Fusion is solid. Ok, but what kind of message is it sending to Greenlee? Greenlee knows that she and I will never be friends again. Are you sure about that? Yes, I'm very sure. Ok well, one bit of good news at least Ava's not pregnant. " Oh " " Oh, oh, " what? You guys haven't seen the latest. Oh, please don't no. What next? I found this on the way over here. Oh, my good God Are you kidding me? Is that real? Are you serious? So the whole naked surf party was just the beginning? Yeah, and they they make it sound like Jonathan's going to kill Ava at any minute. No, see, these these tabloids, they deserves better. Well well, I'm sure he does, but you know what? That's not our problem right now this is our problem. I no. I say that we just drop Ava. What do you think? No, no, no come on. That's a little drastic. What really? No, I'm sorry, but you haven't been here, you have no idea. She's a mess I am with Babe. I say we cut our losses with the little train wreck. Maybe, maybe. You know what? Give us one good reason not to. What, that the sales figures in every product line that Ava endorses are sky-high? Well Kendall What do you guys think? Please tell me. Ava is trouble. Don't consider this I know two companies in New York that would grab Ava up in a second 's ship her to the loser. Peace out, we'll see you later. Yeah, I'm done with her. Ava is Fusion Green. She stays. So, your plan was to get my name trashed in print and make sure I'm worthless, and then swoop in like the power player that you are and give me another chance for no money? Oh. They didn't remove any of that ego when they took out the appendix, did they? Didn't remove any of my brain, either. Then wrap it around this. No crazy girl should be dating a psycho boy. Hey, keep it off Jonathan, ok? Look, that's just the viewers' opinion. Huh. Fine. I don't have to work with you. I'm sure I could find another guy out there who's loaded and doesn't read that crap or give a damn who I'm with. this big without checking in on the star. Your boyfriend's the only one who'd Who'd what? Would put a dime in. I made an offer to him, but he already passed. Why would Jonathan pass? He wants me to be a star. I don't know. He told me that that Ryan wouldn't buy any business that I brought him. Well, that makes sense. Well, it's too bad. Jonathan thought it was a killer idea, too, and so will my other investors, as long as I don't have you and the beast dragging me down. Do you think that Jonathan told Ryan about the network yet? I doubt it. Well, you know, if you still want to stay onboard with this, don't you think Jonathan owes you? Jonathan I can't imagine your shock it was the last thing both of you needed. The tabloid article. are you talking about? This this is what you saw, right, Annie? This is what you were freaked out about? Oh no. This is awful, Jonathan. I hadn't seen this. Yeah, me, neither. I was just I overreacted before. So you're not afraid of me? No. No, of course not I'm sorry. No, don't apologize. It's ok. Um I'll let you guys talk. Excuse me. Whew. You have to drop me, Ryan right now. Richie-'s-voice " Hey, Annie. You are hard to keep up with, but if anybody can do it, it's me. We're both graduating you on time, me two years early. This is only the beginning of our life, so no matter what, I'll always be around. Love you forever, Annie. Your brother Nobody is going to remember this two days from now. But you're my brother, forever. Ryan, this is not going away. You are my brother. And sometimes, obviously, Ryan, it would be better if I weren't your brother. Jon Wait Ryan, I'm going to lose us business. Ok? After people see this, who's going to have a meeting with me? Stop. Just Who's going to have Stop. I'm right. Stop. It's true, isn't it? Let me worry about the business, all right? No, no. I'm not letting you take this on. I left you once, Jonathan. That's not going to happen again. It's different now. You have Annie. You have Emma, you have Spike And I have you, my family. Look, be fine for the rest of my life, all right? I don't I don't need meetings on golf courses and private yachts to be happy, I need my family. And you are my family. Ryan's right. People that don't know you might believe all that garbage, and they might say stupid and and hurtful things. But once they get to know you, they they admire you, and they love you. You know what we should do to retaliate? We should start our own website, get testimonials from people. Yeah, like Emma. What other uncle would plan a surprise teddy bear picnic for their niece? You're the real deal, Jonathan, and you've you've been through some horrible things, and you've ended up a great guy. Well, I, um I had lots of help. Yeah. And you were strong enough to accept that help. You've made some You know, other people spend the rest of their lives lashing out and hurting and hating the people that love them, but not you. Everybody should have a brother like you. Do you need more time to break the news? I told them. Can't you tell by the cheery atmosphere? You're back. Ok, we are running Fusion together for the good of the company. Right. And our first order of business is Ava why she should stay. Well, can we vote on who else should stay or not? Do I like Ava? Do I want to hang with her, give each other pedicures? No. But something happens to her in front of the camera. She's got this energy. Yeah, like a runaway train. She attracts people. She can repel them, too. Ok, fine, then she's a love-to-hate go with it. Oh Right. I walked into that one. Well, then take it from someone who knows. Being a love-to-hate attracts a lot of attention, whether you want it or not. Fusion wants it. Fusion also wants to sell products, not scandals. Well, our little Ava is doing a lot of it, and quite well. Ok. Well, if my opinion means anything at all, I still think that she should go. I'm with you. Well, ladies, I still think she should stay. This decision is actually up to Kendall and me. So, I vote she stays. Partner? I agree. Ava stays. Jonathan doesn't owe me anything. Oh, I wish I had a girlfriend as understanding as you. (Ava-chuckles) Yeah, you wish. Look, if you and Jonathan want to grow old together, be my guest if that's what you want. Is it? . Fine. If you think this maniac story is no big deal, don't go to Jonathan. Don't go ask him for money. You'd be a fool, but, hey, it wouldn't be the first time. Oh, my God. I knew it. You did do it. Did what? The story you planted it Oh, I didn't have to plant it, sweetheart. It was already true. Well, you made sure it got out there, didn't you? Well, let's just say I did I know you did. Ok, for argument's sake I did. So Jon talks Ryan into giving us the money. I think a few million dollars should be sufficient. Millions? Once our project's off the ground, that'll be chump change. And who becomes the biggest thing out there? Who benefits the most? Do you really brand you so big, nothing can bring us down. Yeah, like Paris and Nicole and the Olsen twins. I am so much prettier than them. No contest. And far more talented. All you need is the opportunity to show what you can do. Do you really think this can happen? With the right showcase, you can't miss. We'll brand everything from makeup to sleeping bags. Clothing in your own clothing stores. Novelty items. Ava doll. Maybe even magazines. You know what? We'll push the kitty right out of Japan. " Hello Ava. " Japan? Yeah, and then we'll do a few select commercials in some European markets. Like France, too? France, too. Film and television. I know that this sounds wild but you can make it happen. We can make it happen. ( Ava-and-J.R. -kiss-passionately ) Who green-lighted the bid on Maxima acquisition, Hannah. Who caved, you? You know, I got a news flash for you. I don't answer to you anymore. I don't care what title Zach gave you, you don't outrank me. Ok, I I I confess. I suggested moving on Maxima at an even higher price. It would have cost us even more. Yeah, I know. Zach told me. Oh. Well, that was me just being a petulant child. Oh. I haven't noticed one error or typo since I have left. You really have stepped up. Yeah, I have. You have been right about a lot of things, including why I came back. It is personal, Josh. Very personal. We just re-created ourselves with Fusion Green. Now, if we try to replace Ava now, then our our expenses will It could sink us. Yes. But we Been there, suffered that. Ended up all over the blogosphere lip-locked with the girl. Ok, well, maybe you weren't the right person for the job. Babe, you have a small child. Who obeys. Little A is well trained. Ava, on the other hand We can't let her run wild. Babe, do not say yes unless they give you a whip and a Taser. I wouldn't need it until Ava recovers from her appendectomy, anyway. Her what? Wait, when did she But she just got out of the hospital. I mean, the good news is, is she thought that she was pregnant, so Oh, my God. Oh, Lord. That could have been a disaster. Well, is she ok? She's fine, yeah. I guess she's back at Wildwind, probably driving poor Jonathan crazy. Ok, this for us. Me? Why? Why me? I look, I'm sorry, but I thought I was doing a pretty good job here, and now you want me to be Ava's babysitter? Nobody said anything when I had the job. Babe, it's not a demotion, it's It's necessary. Ava listens to you. Make her listen now. Oh um ahem. We were, um we were talking about Possibilities. Right. They're endless. If we can get up the the right startup capital, it'll be a win-win across the board. Ahem. You'll be star, I'll be back on top. Jonathan and Ryan will get an unbelievable return on their investment. And so are you with me? You want me to cheat, and I'm not going to do it. They have a lock on some equity for the first three. It's all sweat equity. Call legal. Let's go to contract. All right. All right. Annie, thank you for everything. Call me anytime you need a cheerleader, ok? Hey, Jonathan, you and Ava no, no, no, no lectures. I just want you to be ready for anything. Trust me. I was about to break one of my personal commandments never give away too much. What happened to getting to know me? And me knowing you? I'm not used to kindness, Josh, not from you or anyone else. I don't know how to respond. What are you getting at? You, damn it. I really did miss you. That's why Hey No, it's why I came back. Yeah, you missed me no you don't call, you, too. I think you did. Just because we got a little worked up and kissed I'm not trying to get you to bed. Look, I know, ok? That kiss was just for fun. Like like Amanda. Kissing me was like kissing Amanda? Well, she did fight a little more. Look, nobody's doing any cheating, you got it? Look, I didn't even mean sexually. I meant on Fusion. Ok, I'm exclusive to them. I have a contract. Oh. Right. Well, I thought that Fusion was part of the whole web network thing. Well, it is more or less. " More or less "? If you want to take full advantage of this opportunity, Fusion is just a stop along the way. We use them, they use us, then we move on. To bigger and better things piss off your ex-wife, who kind of works there? Babe? Oh. Once I talk to Babe, she'll give me everything I want. It'll be easy. You think so? Thanks for backing me up. Well, we we both want the same thing. I'm going to go check my e-mail. But just a sec. Um You went shopping. I did. It's just nothings for Ian and Spike. If you think that I'm overstepping, I can No, no, no, it's nice. Ok. Thanks. Um well, this is silly, but it's it's supremo nacho macho for Spike. The strongest, toughest boy on the whole planet. And I know that Ian can't have this for a little while um well, it just made me think of you holding him and protecting him, so Kendall, I Yeah, of course. Oh, yeah, it's great. I'm just starting to have fun. So how's your appetite now? It's back. Hmm. How about I make us some lunch if you promise no more work? Hmm. Ok, I promise. I promise, I promise. So get back in here a second. Oh (Annie-laughs) Hmm. (Annie-sighs) Whew. Remember, just say no to work. You got something? I spoke to the shipping company that delivered the locket watch to Annie. Yeah, and? Who sent it? Annie. Annie sent it to herself. 
Hi. Hi. Hi. I have time to kill before my taping, so I thought I'd do the mom thing that all children hate. Oh. I thought I'd drop by unannounced Ah. And see my beautiful daughter. Well, you have actually caught me in a very good mood, so I will cut you some slack. Oh, well, good. Hmm. So I take it your first day back at work was a real success? Yeah, yeah, pretty much. Mom, Fusion is on fire. Di, she's ready established a Fusion foothold in New York, and then Greenlee and I, we're we're working " Greenlee and I "? Like it or not, Mother, she is my partner. I have to find a way to work with her. No, you don't. Just let me handle this my way, all right? I know what I'm doing what are you working on today? Well Let me see here. Oh, Kendall. Don't clam up now, J.R. I mean, you were just telling Ava how easy I am. What exactly did you mean by that? Oh. Can we take this outside? I think he means you. I know who he means. I have to take this phone call. Go ahead, take it, but we're not done by a long shot. Besides, I have a few things I need to discuss with Ava first anyway. J.R. Chandler. Yeah. Ok, you can spare me your lectures. I haven't done anything wrong. I haven't I haven't had any alcohol or kissed any women and (Ava-exhales) You smell anything other than orange juice, you're making it up. I don't know what J.R. is pitching you, but whatever it is, . What's that for? There's a light bulb out over the bar. What yes Thank you. Ok. No, I'll I'll take care of it. Is there a " how many bartenders does it take to screw in a light bulb " joke I'm missing here? No, no, no joke. I'm just in a in a good mood. All right. You want some help? No, no, thank you. Um actually, Stuart is going to be here any minute, and he's he's real handy that way, so Ok. All right, here we Ok, just This light here, all right. Thank you. Whoo We are going to have some fun, sugar doll. So you just sit back and keep your eyes on your mama. I am going to teach my little kitten how to trap Aidan just delivered this. It's a it's a shipping receipt. For what? It says the person who sent your mother's locket watch to you was you. What is going on, Annie? This is unbelievable. Help me understand, please. That receipt, Ryan it's wrong. It's a fake. It's got your signature, Annie. Of course, it does It's a part of Richie's sick game, to make me make me look like a liar, make me look like I'm losing my mind. So so Richie did this? Of course, Richie did this. Ryan, that locket is a reminder of the most tragic day of my life. It is forever stuck on the minute that my mother died. Why would I send it to myself? I don't know. Ryan, we threw that locket away in the ocean together Ok, look, I know that none of this makes any sense. I I know that. Just help me understand one thing, please. How did the watch get delivered to Kendall and Zach's house when we hadn't even been staying there for 24 hours? Oh, my God. You don't believe me, do you? You've never even met Richie, and you're already buying into his lies. Are you out of your mind? Hannah, right? Yeah Hannah. I come into work today, she's sitting at my desk, issuing orders like she never left. She took your desk, huh? You think this is funny? Her coming back into your life, into Kendall's life? Don't read too much into it. I gave her her job back that's as far as it goes. Yeah, until it goes further. Meaning what? Well, it, Zach? The one you never answered. I will answer it the same way I answered it before this is none of your business. Her being here right now is definitely my business. Did you sleep with her before she took off? Are you jealous right now? Oh, you know, don't insult me. You're right. I should've given you a heads-up my mistake. No, your mistake is trusting her, unless, of course you think her just suddenly reappearing here is all about business? I do. Ok, fine. It is your decision. I just hope it doesn't blow up in your face. How's the dismantling of Chandler Enterprises going? It's not. Apparently, Adam has convinced the board members to put a stop to it. He's turning out to be a pretty lively corpse. It's only a matter of time. Yeah, maybe know that Mr. Chandler is going to be living the good life now that we kicked him to the curb. I heard you gave him his house back. You heard right. You give up a mansion, you bring her back am I missing something here? I took the house away from Adam and Junior to prove a point. I don't need it anymore. Well, then then donate it, sell it, tear the damn thing down for all I care Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh Don't give it back to the son of a bitch Calm down It's going to take more than an ugly house to pull the Chandlers out of the hole they dug for themselves. Look, hate to be a bad hostess, but I am recovering from major surgery. But thank you for asking me how I am, by the way. How are you? I need my rest filling me in on what exactly it is the two of you are cooking up. And don't say nothing because I know J.R. a lot better than you do. Look, he probably thinks that I owe him something for saving my life, which I don't buy, but whatever. Owe him what? I don't know. We didn't get that far. Do you have any idea how badly I want to walk out that door right now and leave you here to fall flat on your face? Because that's exactly what's going to happen if you try to run with J.R. Well, don't let the door hit you. Ava, his ideas may sound great right now, but J.R. is out for J.R. You can not trust that he'll take care of you. Look, I could vomit all over your shoes right now if that's what you want. I wouldn't take that chance. Ava. And sometime soon, we will have a little sit-down just to refresh your memory on what exactly it is you can and can not do in your spare time. I got a verbal agreement from him just this morning. Everything's falling into place. No, I can't go into the specifics just yet, but we will be in touch. Ok. Thanks. Babe good. Glad you came out here. I'd like to clear the air about what just went on in there. Hmm. Great. Don't even try it, J.R. Tell me straight up what are you after with Ava? Now, I know this might be a little hard for you to understand because your daddy, he's a he's a pretty decent guy. But not all men are like Tad. In fact, some of them are downright sneaky. Mm-hmm. One of them in particular has been trying to fool your mama into thinking that that comes around in the painter's coveralls? Likes to play peek-a-boo with you and makes you smile from ear to ear? Well, for a long time, Mama thought that that was our good friend Stuart. But, really, it was that heartless brother of his, Adam, trying to pull the wool over my eyes. Mm-hmm. See, Adam knows that he is not welcome around this family as himself, but he can't bear to stay away. He misses Colby too much. And as much of a coward as he is to admit it, he misses me, too. But let me tell you something today, the jig is up. Today, your mama is going to make that fool regret that he ever let us go in the first place. (Krystal-chuckles) Watch this. Still waiting to hear back on the year-to-date earnings on that offshoot company from Taiwan. Apparently, Adam ordered some major downsizing before the quarterlies were submitted, so it affected about averages, give me an overall. I want to see how easy this thing is to unload. As soon as I find out something, I'll let you know. Cochlear implants? Is Kendall thinking about getting this for Spike? Not yet, but I hope she'll come around. I wouldn't hold my breath. Saying yes to this means accepting that Spike is deaf. He is deaf. That doesn't mean that he'll never hear again. I'm going to figure it out, I'm going to fix it. That's where my focus is right now, what's best for my family. Spike, Ian, Kendall today, now. Well, if there's anything I can do to make it happen There is something you can do you can stop whining about Hannah being back here. Can you do that? Oh, boy. Um I'm going to admit something to you, and if broken. Sit down. I'm not on my game. And I gave Hannah her job back, because I want to surround myself with the best people possible, I don't want anything to fall through the cracks. I know how good you are. I need you to be better extra set of eyes, extra set of ears. You know Adam's going to do anything to get his company back. To be honest with you, that's that's the last thing on my mind right now. You're right. Take care of your family. If you are reading anything into this, Mother, don't. I was literally just finishing up some work, and then I I grabbed this file right before you got here. Honey, I think it's just great for you to look for ways to help Spike, I really do. But what I just read in that folder honey, that's just not the way be done. You know what? I am so glad that I I'm finally back at work. It feels great to be doing something productive. Oh, yes, of course, it does, yes. And I hope you can keep up that really positive attitude. Does Greenlee really still come here? Yeah, she was here. And I got through the day without throwing a a chair at her head. (Erica-laughs) I would say I I deserve a trophy for that one. Honey, you shouldn't have to deal with her. Mother, I have to, ok? Zach he helps out with Spike, and then we take turns visiting Ian. I just can't get over how much bigger Ian has gotten. He is. Did I tell you I got to hold him? Mm-hmm. Mom, it was it was magical. Of course, it was holding a baby in Kendall? What? Is everything all right? Yeah, yeah, of course. Why why would you think it isn't? Because it isn't. Honey, I know you way too well. I see the pain in your eyes. Oh, my God, I would do just anything to take that pain away for you. Well, whatever pain I'm going through is nothing compared to what Spike has been through. I know. Even if they find a cure tomorrow, it won't make up for everything my son has had to deal with. I see that you're trying to stay positive about his future. Yeah, I want to be. I mean, I was all ready for for Dr. Hilliard to to work some miracle. Accepting that Spike will be deaf for the rest of his life how do I do that? How do I let that be ok? Honey, the day. Why don't you come with me, watch my taping, and then we can go out and have some tea, go have a manicure and a pedicure, a little girl talk? Ooh, ok, now you're talking. Yeah, you know what? I would like that. Oh, I'm so glad. I would like that, too. Ok. Good. Yeah, I need that. Ok. I'm going to go get get my stuff. Good. Ok. Ok. Hi. It worked. We're on our way. Stuey, I am so happy you came. You know how excited Jenny gets to see you. Oh, you know Oh, she just " loves " it when her Uncle Stuey comes to visit. You know how happy I am to play with Jenny oh, she's sleeping. Oh. Oh, yeah the meantime, could you help me change, uh, that light bulb? Yeah, sure, be glad to. I'll be right back, Jenny. (Stuart-chuckles) No, no, no, no, I'll I'll do that. I'll do that. You just um you just hold that ladder, ok? I want to put those big, big, manly muscles to work, you know? (Krystal-giggles) Ok, uh, would you help me up? Yeah oh, sure. Ok oop (Krystal-chuckles) One, two Careful. (Krystal-chuckles) Ok. Ah. Oh so uh Are you you sure you don't want me to do that? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I I got it. Oh there we are. (Krystal-chuckles) So, um, how is, uh, Adam? Adam? Um, he's really know, I haven't seen him. Hmm. Well, you know, as as much as I hate to admit it, I mean, I do kind of miss that royal pain in the Huh. You still really do? Oh, yeah, yeah. You know, I never thought I would end up with your brother, but I tell you, when he stole my heart, I was just hmm I was a goner, and I had no intention on taking it back. You really loved him. Yeah. Even after all those rotten things he did to me, hmm. Oh oh, would you take that? Sure. Hmm. Even after all those rotten things he did to me Huh. And there were so many, I I kind of lost count. Still, I just find myself longing for the good old days. Yeah. He felt exactly the same changing a light bulb sure does make a girl hot. Huh. Whew Oh Ooh Whew. Oh oops. Oops. You want a sip? Uh no, no, no. No, I tell you what what Adam and I had really was special. And, I mean, he he really did some unforgivable things to me, not to mention to Jenny. But even still, it's hard to deny that kind of passion. Know what I mean? Uh yeah. Ooh. Please, go ahead and fill me in, but make sure you have all your little lies in order, because I've heard just about all of them. It's not a lie. It's an idea for a beauty network, with Ava fronting the entire thing. Ok, great. So how does this involve Fusion? Well, you know, we their products to major department stores all over the world. I'm not talking about department stores, Babe, I'm talking out people. I'm talking about millions of people all hooked up to the web. That's a great idea, but bad news Ava has no say in Fusion's business decisions. Yeah. Ok. Ok. So why are you really here? Ok, cards on the table. Yeah. We all know what Ava can do for business. She's not only put Fusion back on the map, she's put you guys back on top. And I still want her working with Fusion when you guys endorse my brilliant idea. So I decided to come here and protect my future investment by encouraging her to take better care of herself. " Encouraging her "? Encouraging her how? Well, I said something about getting her a TV spot once the network takes off. But that's as the one who ran with it, demanding that she gets a piece of the action. She's convinced that Fusion won't pay her any extra money for some spots that I can get her. Now, when I said that I could get what I wanted from you, I meant that my network could negotiate with Fusion in order to get her an appearance fee. That's it. Your nose is growing, J.R. Babe No, do not " Babe " me, damn it Tell me the truth, and if you don't start talking fast, I'm going to Kendall and Greenlee, and I'm blowing this little plan of yours wide open. Annie, I do believe you. I swear that I I believe you. It's just that I'm just trying to understand a few things, that's all, like how does your brother know where we are and know what we're doing before anybody else does? I can't explain it, nobody has ever understood. Try me. Richie is always one step ahead of everybody. It's like a game of chess, where he knows what moves you're going to make before you even make them. My brother is a total sociopath. He was born with morals but no conscience. And nobody has ever been able to see it not my parents, not anybody. They had to have seen something. I mean, nobody is that good. Trust me, Ryan, Richie could make you believe that the the sun was shining at midnight. He was that good, and my my parents they were dazzled by him. It was like he was he was the messiah, the chosen one, and they wouldn't believe anything different. And you? Me? Um I was just the jealous brat who didn't deserve such a such a loving and and good brother. kidding me? My parents thought that I was the problem child, because Richie always made it look like that And he hated he hated not being the center of attention. It was the only time you would ever see him, like, lose his cool. Annie, you were right trying to get him help, you were. Maybe. But I should've known it wouldn't happen. He's too good at working people, he's too persuasive. He didn't fool everybody didn't fool you. Remember when you asked me if they blamed me for pushing my dad out the window? They did blame you? Yeah. That is sick. That's not even the sick part. The sick part is I I actually started to believe that I did it. But you know that you didn't, right? I mean, you do know that? My greatest fear, Ryan, is that that I'm crazy, too. He can't. He can't. I would die I would die if that happened, Ryan. I need you to believe me. I swear I'm not crazy. I need somebody to believe me. Ok, ok, ok, ok. I swear. I know you, ok? I I know what's inside you, I know who you are, Annie. But Richie can make you forget what you know. He'll he'll change the way that you look at everything. No, no, he won't, he can't. But but No, no, Annie, he can't. Can he erase how incredible you are with Emma and Spike? Can he can me make me forget how you won over Kendall and I mean, you you saved me when Erin was killed. I didn't think I was going to me find a way, Annie. And when we realized that Emma was mine, you weren't threatened, you weren't you weren't jealous. You welcomed me into her life, you you allowed me to be her father right from the start. I I will never forget that, I I will always love you for that. All right? So, yeah, your brother might be a pro. But he can't change history, he can't change what's happened, what's in here that you're my wife, and and I love you. Annie, I believe you, and I know you, and I will always, always fight for you. Ryan, I You've told me what to expect from Richie. You've told me. You I know what he's going to do. And I am going to beat him at his own game. And then I'm going to make sure that this time he's going to stay. I promise. Hi. Hi, this is my daughter Kendall. She came to watch the taping of the show. Pleased to meet you. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Sweetheart, would you mind keeping Jason company while I go and just talk to Mrs. Miller about the show today? Of course, yeah, sure. Ok, great, thanks. Ok. So you're you're a soccer fan, huh? You you on a team? I play goalie. Goalie now, that is that is cool. Very, very cool. Ah, goalie that's the guy who guards the net, right? I knew that. You know how I knew that? Because there's a goalie in hockey, too, and my husband huge hockey nut, bigtime. Hockey's cool, but soccer's way better. I would much prefer to hang out all day in the nice, soft grass in the sunshine, over some cold, depressing ice rink. So, how old are you, Jason? 10. 10. You know, I have two little boys of my own. They're not quite 10 yet, but they will be someday. I hope they grow up to be just like you. Why can't they? It's a long story. This is all pretty good, but I can probably get you some more cutting-edge stuff on cochlear implants if you want. Thanks. Are we ok here? You mean, did you distract me enough to forget about why I really came in here to talk to you? No. The redhead that stole your desk. Yeah, the redhead I don't trust her. Ok. Keep an eye on Hannah. I rely on you for a lot of stuff, I done, and not just around here, but with my family and Ian. I'm glad you're family. I love you. Thanks. I'm still going to bust you when I think you're wrong, though. I wouldn't have it any other way. Look, by taking my network and aligning it with Fusion, it could be very attractive to investors. Who says that Kendall and Greenlee are going to align anything with you? They will if you support me. Oh At the very least, don't bury me. You see it's that look I I'm trying to make a difference here, I'm trying to change. I want people to respect me, instead of them thinking, " What fresh evil is he up to now? " Again, you can not blame that on me. You're right. But people change. I I walked away from drinking,n't easy. My father offered me a partnership, I said no. See, that's how excited I am about getting this company launched, starting from scratch, the way my father did when he first started. I want Little A to be proud of me. I want to be proud of myself. And that hasn't happened in well? Have some faith in me, this is a good idea, I know it. Please? I can have faith in you, but I I'm sorry. I can't give you this shot, especially if it has anything to do with sabotaging Fusion. I may not be a partner there anymore, but I I still have put a lot of blood, sweat, and tears into that company. And besides Little A, it's it's the only thing that's made me proud in a really long time. And I get that, and I respect it. And I'm sorry that 've never leaked the concept to Ava without talking to you first. Let me handle Ava from here on. Agreed. And as for your network I won't even ask you to back me. Just, please, keep this on the wraps, this idea, until it's the right time for me to pitch it to Greenlee and Kendall? If you really do believe in me, and you have faith in me, just give me this chance. I guess it wouldn't hurt to let you talk to Kendall and Greenlee. Thank you. But Ava is not your responsibility. I I won't I won't do it again. You have my word. Where have I heard that before? But this time I mean it. Uh-huh. Better. Hmm I'm impressed, J.R. You were listening? I mean, I knew you were a weasel, but I didn't take that as a compliment. Yeah, my God, J.R ., you almost had me feeling sorry for you there for a sec. I mean, all " I want to change, Babe, someone give me a chance. Oh, I want Little A B " whatever his name is " to be proud of me "? That wasn't a lie. Right. So how fast do you think this can happen? How fast will what happen? Breaking my contract with Fusion that is your plan, isn't it? Do you have a problem with that? So what do you want to be when you grow up? It's a tie between a a lawyer, a scientist, or a basketball player depending how tall I get. Well, I'm sure whatever you choose, you'll make your parents really proud Grownups always say that. That's because it's They've come through a lot. Like what? Jason? Hi. We're on in five minutes. Wait a minute you're you're a guest, too? I thought that it was just your mom. Uh, Jason is not just a guest. Jason is actually the star of the show. I wish you would go to Adam and tell him what you just said. Uh-uh. Yes, yes he's a hard habit to break. I I couldn't. No, of course, you could, and he would love it. I guarantee it, you'll make his day I mean, his week his whole life. (Krystal-chuckles) You really think he feels the same way? Oh, I know he does. Well, then why couldn't he have just told me that, instead of coming over here with these corny reasons to drop by, hiding behind some the nerve to be honest and upfront about the way he feels. Well, he will now, now that he knows the way you feel. He was afraid you'd laugh in his face or spit in his face. Oh well, can you blame me, after the way he treated me when I was in labor? Not to mention the way he treated Jenny the first week in her life. He regrets that so much. I know he does. Well, I do admit there is a huh there is a pull between us. Oh, yes, there is, there sure is. (Krystal-laughs) And I am hot for that man. Oh, go tell him that. Just go right now right now and tell him. Oh, you you bastard, you. Huh You didn't think I knew it was you the whole time? Oh, my God. Stuart? you? Yeah. Hey-hey. This is the only job I ever had where I look forward to the boss coming in. Well, that's very nice of you to say, but, um, do me a favor. Mm-hmm? Don't think of me as the boss right now. Ok. Is there any chance that I can collect on that date you offered? I was just about to clock out. Great. Oh, wait, let me grab this, hold on. Hello? Oh, my God. Well, the way I look at it, I mean, I gave Fusion the best two months of my life. And I'm ready to move on, so and so are my fans. They're ready for more so much more. So if you can get me out of that contract and pay me what I'm really worth There's no arguments there things moving, Ava. Get Jonny boy to give up the dough. Otherwise, this beauty network it's going to stay a dream. So get moving, superstar. Get the cash so we can dump Fusion and never look back. I know that you're scared, Annie, but you're safe. You're safe here. Who is it? It's Derek Frye. Hey. My officers found a man dead of a drug overdose. He fits the description of a guy who recently robbed The Comeback bar. Ok, so why are you telling us? He also fits the description you gave of Annie's brother. Oh, my God. I need you to come to the morgue to see if you can identify the body. I'd like you to meet Jason Miller. He's like many other boys you might see in your neighborhood. He keeps busy with school, friends, sports little bit more exceptional than a lot of the boys you see in your neighborhood. At just 10 years old, Jason is an avid soccer player and fan as evidenced by his jersey. And Jason also plays baseball, basketball, football, tennis. He enjoys skateboarding, snowboarding, skiing. He's a computer whiz, and he's president of his class. I mean, Jason, I am exhausted just reading that list. Is there anything you don't do? Oh, there's one more thing that you should know about Jason he's totally deaf. 
Gentlemen. Thank you so much for coming. First-Man Nice to see you, Erica. Second-Man You look lovely, Erica. Third-Man I was going to say that, too. Many thanks to all of you who think I look so lovely. Now, I'm sure, gentlemen, you're all wondering why you're here. Thank you, Val. Would you please show the gentlemen what you have? Can anyone tell me what this is? Oh, it appears to be a large chunk of ice. Exactly. This, gentlemen, is ice, representing my considerable assets my considerable assets. So you can imagine my shock when I tried to access my money to buy a home and found out that my funds have been frozen. How in the world did that happen? Someone had better start talking and I mean now. (Jesse-has-a-nightmare) Help me, Jesse, please Please, help me Oh, let her go Let her go Jesse, don't You promised to always protect me Jesse, please Let her go Let her go Help me (Jesse-wakes-up) Oh. Oh, Angie. I will never let them get their hands on you never, never. What's wrong with this picture? Well, I'm officially out, and you're in. Thought I'd change things up, have you be the patient for a while. Well, I don't like it. Ma, hey hey. What happened, Ma? I mean, you had us all pretty worried. Nothing just overtired and passed out. At Dad's grave? It could've happened anywhere, Frankie. But it didn't happen anywhere, Ma. It happened there after you saw him. We're going home, Greenlee. Finally, we're going home. That means no more monitors beeping in the background and no more nurses interrupting minute. What is it? It's just I've spent so much time in this place. Right, which is why I want to get you out of here. I know, and I want that, too, more than anything, but but now What, are you feeling sick? No, no, no. I feel healthier than Dr. Oz. Well, let's pack up the car, then, all right? Let's ditch this uncomfortable hospital bed and go back to your place, all right? It's time for the old Greenlee to take the world on by storm. But I'm not the old Greenlee anymore. What if I can't get her back? " To Deirdre, best wishes. Kendall Hart. " Oh sorry, it ran out of ink. Hold on one second. Ok. Sorry, I I love this bag, but I can never find anything ok. So, who should I make this one out to? How about " To the love of my life "? Zach. Hey. What are you doing here? It's your big day hey, I wasn't going to miss that, and I'm sorry I cut in line. It's my wife, so women Oh. Great book, right? Yes. Ok, I'm now officially embarrassed. And I'm officially in the way. No, you're not, you're not. I can't stand here they're going to tear me to shreds. I got to go, sit. No, no hold on. I I got it, I got it. There. You can sit now. Ahem. You're glad I'm here, right? Of course, I am. So why do you look so nervous? on the express train out of this place. What if I'm not ready for what's out there? Oh. Honey, look, you can handle anything the world throws at you. Hmm. I'm not so sure. Well, what's changed? I have. I've made a lot of mistakes since I came back to town, even before I left. I lost my husband, my best friend. Yeah, because you felt betrayed by Ryan and Kendall, but that's all in the past. When I look back at that time, I barely recognize myself. I was so worried about having a baby to save my marriage it was like when I was a kid and my grandmother told me I couldn't do something, then I just had to make it happen. I went baby crazy, I I wanted it more than anything. Is that what this is about you want to start a family no, no, no, no, no, no. No way, I am off that track I mean, not that I don't still love the idea of having kids someday, when the time is right. But before that, I need to work on myself. I want my career back, I want to make Fusion one of the top cosmetic companies in the world. I want to travel, I want to go on adventures with you. Well, that sounds good to me, all of it. I want to hang out with my friends, throw fabulous dinner parties, go to Fashion Week, buy out the spring line. All of that stuff feels like the old me. But after everything that's happened, I don't want to be the same person. How could I be? I mean, the last few years have changed me. All right. Well, then let me ask you this now, what do you I'm leaving Pine Valley. Honey, I've just had a lot on my mind lately. And being here at the hospital it's the last place that I saw your daddy alive. I hallucinated, just like you. That's all. Then tell me this why would I have smelled his after-shave? I don't know, baby. That was real, Ma. I know that it can seem that way. Frankie, when when I passed out, I imagined that Jesse was holding me, and it felt so good. But I woke up, and it was a paramedic. But that's just it, Ma who called the paramedics? Get it together. How's Angie? Other than thinking she saw the love of her life, a man that's supposed to have been dead for 20 years? Did she say anything? She's fine, she's ok. She's all right? She's sound asleep. They maybe they gave her something, I don't know. She thinks you were a hallucination brought on by stress or maybe hypoglycemia, I don't know. Oh, man. Well, thank God she's ok and thank you. She's fine, she's ok. Thank you, man. What do you think you're What are you talking about? Eat something I got to get out of here. You can't go anywhere It's not safe with me being here it's not safe for Angie, Frankie, you, your family. I'm not as defenseless as I look. You're practically family you are my family. Why don't you let me do something for you? Don't you think you owe me a couple of answers at this point? Look, the more you dig around for answers, the better their are " they "? They are very bad people, Tad. But what kind of bad people? Would you stop Sorry. I'm sorry, just please, just You are a prince seducing me? Ok. Let's do the checklist is Tad coming home late at night? No. Is he getting strange phone calls from women? Uh-uh. Um did you find a matchbook or something? No, no, none of that. It's just that he I don't know, he seems a little preoccupied lately. Well, did you just come out and ask him if he's having an affair? Yeah, you better believe I did, and he said no. But what if he was, Mama? I mean, would you be breaking any rules? I know that you guys didn't get married, because you're madly in love you did love Tad. You know what I mean. Yeah. I know what you mean, and you are dead wrong about our relationship. Wait wait, wait. So you're telling me that you and Tad are are " together "? I'm not going to give you any details, Babe. Oh, wow. No, look all right, look. Let's change the subject, ok? Let's talk about something else, like how about your relationships, huh? No, no. I'm having too much fun talking about yours. Please. Do you remember that boyfriend you had when I was in Junior High? God what was his name? It was Clem Toller. (Babe-chuckles) Oh, God, I haven't thought about him in years. He took us to Vegas and treated us like queens Uh-huh. Well, until his wife showed up. You grabbed my hand of hell, ok? Nobody even batted an eye. Thanks a lot. I appreciate that, thank you very much for bringing up my checkered past. Oh, anytime, anytime, Mama. I surrender? Speaking of bad decisions, look who's over there. I will be so right? Um well. Hi there. There's coffee if you want it. I see you've stopped wearing your grandfather's ring. Yep. Is there a reason for that? It's at the jewelers I caught it on the door. That's not exactly true. You know, if it was a year ago or a week ago, I might've made up some BS how I took it off while I was playing tennis or that it was at the jewelers, something like that. But the truth is I lost it. The ring's gone. So you lost our family ring? Little Adam, so he could look at it. And then, he dropped it down the sink at the bar. Oh huh. I see. I'm sorry, I really am. No, no. No, no, no. There's no reason to be sorry. I'm sure another one will turn up somewhere among all the other family heirlooms I happen to have. Adam-drops-a-bug-on-the 2-floor No one has answered my question. Why aren't my funds available to me? They are available. You just can't get to them right now. That makes no sense. We're facing a routine investigation. Second-Man By the federal government. Nothing about that sounds routine to me. And you all assured me that everything was under control. Well, it was, and then it wasn't. I feel like I have fallen down the rabbit hole. Not one of you is making a bit of sense . Can anyone here tell me how to fix that? No? All right, gentlemen. Do you know what this is? This is you getting fired. No, wait That's right. Don't let the door hit you on the way out. V8 V-Fusion. It's a great name. Are you ok? Oh, yeah. I'm great, sure. Did you did you get a blood transfusion? Yeah. One yesterday, another one tomorrow. Good times, though, right? And and they still haven't found a match? Oh, no, they found one, all right. It's just whoever it is, they're not interested. That can't be true. Trust me, it's true. Well, who is this jerk? That's just it they won't tell me. It's against hospital policy, so Richie do? Well, actually, you're doing it just sitting here listening to me. Well, I wish it could be more. Well, you could always break into the hospital and find out the name of that donor. Where'd everyone go? Fired. Val, I need you to contact that Mr. Eaton at the the firm that Adam Chandler recommended. Uh, he was out of the country. But I will see if he's back. Jack? Well, I have had a very productive morning I fired all my money people. Good riddance. Listen, Jack, I know that you're busy, but could you possibly find out anything more about that SEC investigation? Oh, and I have something for you. I know we said that we weren't going to do this, but I did get you a little Valentine's Day present just for old times' sake. Call me. on the show. Samuel Woods, Erica Kane. Erica Kane, I've waited a long time for this. (Music-plays-at-ConFusion) You want me to break into Joe's office? No, I it well just forget I said anything, ok? It I mean, come on. You're a you're a respectable person with a career and a kid, and I I'm just an ex-con with nothing to lose. So just wanted to keep you up-to-date. And your mom probably thinks that I'm corrupting you again, so go set her straight. Let's move along and find out if he only has? What's going on? It's so good to belong? Mama? I need you to help me save a man's life. What you know? I want to be happy truly, madly, deeply, deliriously happy. I want to I want to them. I want to look forward and never look back. I want to be the independent, smart, passionate woman I was before but with all the insight I have now. Wait what what are you talking about? You already are this woman. You think? Yeah no, I don't think I mean, I know. The fact that you can just admit all of this I mean, it makes it true. Hey, you're not the same person as you were when you came back to town. Maybe you're right. And your taste in men has improved dramatically. Well, once you go British, you never go back. That's true, and you know what? You can you can have all the dreams that you want, all the dreams that you wish for. You just got to go out there, and you got to grab them. You're right. I I wrote a book, ok? And there's people here, and they want me to sign it, so the whole thing is just surreal and weird. Relax. I'll get through this, and I'll take you out for a nice dinner in Chicago. Well, I like the sounds of that. Hmm. Ok, so I'm going to finish up with this and just don't go anywhere. Uh-uh. All right. Hi. What's your name? Carol. Carol. Oh, but make it to " Sandra. " This one's for my daughter. I already have a copy. Oh, ok so, " to Sandra. " It's quite a book, huh? Oh, I love it. Makes you feel you know these people, like they're family almost. What's your favorite chapter? I like all of it especially the sexy parts. the lucky man, yes. An understanding one, too with all the other lovers she's had. Why does everyone think this is about me? Well, don't burst her bubble. Here you go. Thank you. Thank you. Should I be worried about all the other lovers you've had or No. You know better than that. Hmm. Hmm, hmm. I will go to the " husband too close to the flame " corner. Ok. Oh excuse me. Oh. Sorry, one second. Hey. How's my favorite literary rock star? Are you being worshipped like only you deserve? The book signing's going great. So, are you out of the hospital yet? Uh, in a minute. I had a minor identity crisis, but I'm done with that and ready to move on. Say goodbye to the whiney Not necessarily, but I'm definitely done living in the past. It's time to find out who I'm going to be next. Good. Uh is Aidan taking you home? Yeah. He can't wait to get me back to the penthouse, speaking of which did Zach manage to surprise you? Yeah. You you knew about that? Of course. I want all the details when you get back. Sure. Be happy, Kendall. Things are finally looking up for us, and who knows? Maybe our futures are going to be better than we could possibly imagine. I hope so. I'll see you at home. I really got to go, Tad. I know. I understand, and I tried asking some questions about the girl that stole your wallet, but I wasn't able to figure out anything you know, come up with anything on such short notice. But you know, some clothes and some money. Come on, Tad, I can't take this from you. What are you You can, and you are going to, ok? I love you, and you need it, so just say " Thank you. " You're still the same stubborn-ass Tad Martin from high school. Yeah why? Is it coming back to you? Oh, my God. Tad, do you have any idea what it's like to hold somebody that you love after 20 years? Hmm no, but almost. Yeah, you and Dixie. Me and Dixie. You and Dixie. Angie felt the same, man. She's even more beautiful, if that's possible. I wanted to say so much so much to her. What the hell can I say? I mean, what could I possibly say after 20 years? What are you getting at, thought I saw him. Ok, you know what? Just just stop it, ok, because this is crazy. We are both exhausted. And I just don't want to have this conversation anymore. Look, Tad knows something, too. What does Tad know? Look, I don't know. I haven't been able to get it out of him yet, but All right I I just need you to just stop it, please Frankie, you don't know how long I prayed to God to give Jesse back to me. But I can't pretend that that would ever, could ever happen. I saw him die, baby. I saw your daddy breathe for the last time. Oh I know, Ma. Then please just stop questioning anything different, because the reality it is what it is. Jesse is dead, and he is never, ever coming back. Mr. Woods. You call me Samuel. Mr. Woods was able to rearrange his schedule to be here for an interview. I was here in town handling some business, and I thought about your flattering offer, and I thought, why not? Why not, indeed? I mean, if your offer still stands. Well, I mean, of course, that depends on when we can do the interview. How about now? Well, I I'm sorry, but we've already finished taping for the day. Erica, we could do No, Pamela I, uh don't have any plans for this evening. Oh, see, that's a shame, because now I'm completely booked up. Oh. Well, that is a shame. I think it would have been fun. I mean, that I have never interviewed a true " man of the people. " Oh, I'm quite sure you're used to that. Well, until next time. Till next time. What did you just do? He'll be back. Oh Five, four, three, two Samuel did you forget something? Here, let me help you with that. No, no, I've got it What is this? That that? It's a it's a well, it's a security device. Your old man is inching his way into the 21st century. Kicking and screaming Well But at least you're here. Yeah, well I have some new numbers for you about your internet venture, if you're still committed to that. Of course. Let me see them. Yeah, I will, I will. I'll have Lucretia make us something to eat. That sounds like a to know about you, J.R. You're a liar and a traitor. Yeah, this is J.R. You did? Oh, that's great. Yeah, I'm at the house. They found a bone marrow donor for Richie, and whoever it is won't come forward, and Joe won't tell him who it is. You know, it's all about rules and confidentiality, and it all just seems so so stupid Right. I'll I'll talk to Joe, and I'll talk to Tad, and see what they can do. I think it's past that point. What do you have in mind? No. No, I I know that look, and whatever it is, the answer is no. We deserve the best, and together, we can always get it. All right, you know, don't don't throw the Carey motto in my face right now You taught me that, and sometimes, that means fighting like hell to get the best for other people, too. So, what do you say? Are you in, or out? This is the book you want. Really? Yeah. These are good, but you want this one, " Charm " You Hmm? My love, should get 10%. I don't want 10%, I want you. Oh, no. Oh, God. Excuse me, excuse me. f I didn't mean to upset you, Ma. I'm not upset. I'm just tired. But you're right. I mean, maybe it's us being here, and it's Dad's birthday that brought him up in both of us, making him seem more real. Well, I got to take care of a few things, but you get some rest . Je Jesse? Well, what do you know, my gorgeous sweetness? Beautiful darling, that was the last box. What, still no Joe? Oh, he'll be in in a minute. And then you're going to be all mine. Hmm. About that Yeah? I left out one very important wish. Something I want to be a big part of my life. What was that? You. You've been amazing, Aidan, through all of this. And no matter who I was or am or could become, I want you to be right beside me. This is going to be good, Greenlee. All right, we're going to be together for a long, long time. I could get used to that. And the best part is it starts right now. How long have you been feeling like that? I don't know. longer than that. I've been watching you. Yeah, well, I'm sure I'll feel better. I just need to lay down in the hotel room. That's not what I meant. Something's bothering you, and you're afraid to tell me. No, Zach, nothing's bothering me. But you don't need to be. I love you more than anything. And nothing you can do or say will ever change that. So go ahead, let's have it. You know what? I thought about it. I can rearrange a few things. Well, so quickly? I am impressed. Later on today will be an absolutely perfect time to do the interview. Well, Pamela seems to think that we can make this work. Hmm? Yes. I can make it work. I mean, yes. All right. Well, then I guess we should do it. New-Beginnings " -theme-plays ) Today, we have one of Washington's best and brightest. The U.S. Attorney from the Third District, Samuel Woods. Well, thank you for that introduction. I got to say right away that I have enjoyed your show for a long time. Well, thank you. Would you like to tell our audience the real reason you're here today? You're running for the U.S. Senate. Oh. That that's been discussed, but that's not actually why I'm here. You're not running? No, I didn't say that. You want to keep us guessing? I didn't say that, either. Don't you want to use my show as a forum for your political aspirations? Ms. Kane, I can tell you this when I want something from you, you'll know it. I will never, ever, ever keep you guessing. ( and we will find out exactly what Mr. Woods wants. Samuel, that was fantastic. Erica, are you glad we made this happen? I'm having a great time. Hmm. If Tad were to find out ok, what do we do now? Babe? Ok um What are you doing? You can't hack into that. You don't know the password. I I have an idea. Look, Jamie told me once that Joe uses his grandkids' names, so let's see. Oh ok, all right. " Jamie " no, no, wait maybe I should use " James. " " James, " yeah. No, no. Josh, Josh. Yes, Josh. Yeah, Josh. No, damn, damn. Who who else? Who else is there? Jenny, Jenny. Jenny. Of course Good job. Ok, now um now, I need to find patient files. Oh, God. This is just so wrong. I know, I know, but it's for a good cause. Ok, there " Richard Novak. " Ok. What's it say? I I can't find it. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait " bone marrow match identified. " Who is it? Oh my God. Huh. It's J.R. Hey How are my two favorite guys? Working hard. But ready to take a break. Oh. Don't quit for me. I got a bunch of college stuff to go through. It's going to take me all night. I'd like to take a look at that stuff, if you don't mind. Sure, Dad, anytime. These numbers they look good, very good ok? Yeah, sure thing. Ok, good. Did you bring it? Where did you find it? I didn't. I had Dre and Ren take the sink apart, and it popped out one of those pipes. Krystal is going to freak. But you got ring back. Thank you. You know, it's really nice seeing you and Dad work together. It means a lot to him. Yeah. A microphone? Ahem, ahem. Joe finally turns up. Hmm. I would guess you're well enough to go home. I am ready to take on the world. Yeah, well, word of caution take it easy at first. Hmm. That's not going to happen, but I promise you that I'll be here in two weeks for my follow-up. Ok, uh-huh. Well, Aidan, are you ready to do the honors? Yeah we go. Of course. Milady, your chariot awaits. There's no way I'm getting in that thing. Well, it's hospital protocol. Yeah that's not going to happen. But I'm going to walk out of here on my own two feet, and neither one of you can stop me. Same old Greenlee. Yeah. You know, I have a feeling this one's going to be even better than the last. Hmm. Are you coming? I have a life to start living. Thanks for everything, Joe. Yes, yes. Bye-bye. Ah. Let's hear it. Uh well, we haven't had much alone time. We haven't had any alone time in in weeks and weeks. So I thought if you stayed here tonight with me, that it would make me feel better. Yeah? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm to change my flight. Yeah. Listen to me if you can find a way to do it that works for you, just drop me a line. Let me know you're alive, ok? I'll try. You do know I'm going to keep scratching, right? I know. Thanks. And I know I keep beating this one over the head, but Jesse as if they were my own. Thanks, Tad. You're true blue. Take it easy. Just stay out of sight. I'll see who it is and get rid of them. Tad-opens-the-door-to 2-Angie 
Angie. Tad, have to talk to you. Can can I come in? Yeah, sure, sweetheart. Come on in. I need your help, Tad. Well, then, fine you've got it. It's Jesse. What about him? Frankie still believes that he saw Jesse in his room. And I think I saw him at the cemetery. Yeah, I know. My father just he called me from the hospital. But, of course, I know that it couldn't be him. I mean, you know, it had to be a figment of my imagination. It's just my wanting him so badly. No, no, listen. From here on out, if you want anything, if I can do anything, I will. Can you? Can you help me find a way to let Jesse go? (Annie-daydreams) You are so beautiful. You are as beautiful as the day that we got could I possibly forget that? How could I forget how much that I love you, how much how much I want you? Oh For you. They're beautiful. Good, I'm glad you like them. Just you know, I figured because it was so close to Valentine's Day and everything. Thank you. I know this isn't easy. It's ok, you know? I actually, I think it's a it's a pretty good idea, you know, the whole first-date thing. Yeah. So, where should we start? Uh, let's get out of here. I thought we could grab a drink at ConFusion. All right, let's do it. Great. I think you're really going to like ConFusion I mean, the bar. Huh. So this is going to be fun. Mr. Woods, you're And I just have to say this I love your politics. Your attack on the corporate thieves in this country is dead-on, and your environmental platform inspiring. Well, I appreciate that. All right, guys. Let's go. She got some energy, this lady. Too much caffeine. Clear the set. Roll tape. Slate. And in five, four, three ( " New-Beginnings " -theme-plays ) We're back with U.S. Attorney Samuel Woods. Samuel, before the break, you were saying that you would like to make things better for the, as you put it, the average American. Who exactly is average and how exactly would you make things better? What what you try to do is make the playing field more even so that honestly all Americans have a shot. Um take you, for example. You You have my permission take me. Ok. Well, you have had some advantages. Being a woman is not always an advantage. It is if you're smart. You know how to work it, and you're beautiful. No. Two I need two seats. To Pine Valley, that's right. Can you do that? Zach? Whoa. What are you doing? Hey, hi. Hi. Sorry. Sorry, I I I couldn't help myself. You ok? I'm I'm I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. I'm much better now, much better. So finish your phone call, because I need my alone time with you. Oh. What? No, no not no, you my phone cut out. All right. 12:30, yeah two seats. Thanks, I'll see you at the office. You who else is there? Ah, I'll deal . Hmm. All right? Good, all set. Good, ok, so we're ready to go? There's something we need to talk about. We do? Mm-hmm your purse and what is in it. Give me the bag. Why? Are you hiding something in there? Ok, I have no idea what you're talking about. No. This, you women you keep stuffing God knows what stuff in there all the time Why wait, wait well, I don't why do you care what I'm carrying in my purse? Not what but how much look how heavy that thing is. It's not good for you, not good for your shoulders. You got to take the weight off those beautiful shoulders and that sensual back too much weight. Hmm. Oh. You know, I I love when you talk like that. No Well, because, you know, I pay attention to all your body parts. Dr. Zach making a house call. Dr. Zach. Mm-hmm. So, doc, what's the give it to me straight. I will. Seriously, you're spending too much time worrying about another man. What? Ryan. I get it, you know? He's having a rough time, but you just got your life back, and he's lost four years, he thinks he's in love with you, and I know it's hard on you. I know that. But I'm here. Ok? Yeah. Ok. So, this place is very well, it's very white, anyway. You want a drink? Yes, yes. Great. What do you drink? White wine dry and I love margaritas. Ah, I bet you Greenlee turned you . But you like dry white wine. Yes. That's what you like. I do, yes. Yes. Great. Yeah. Ok. Hey, I am at a serious disadvantage here. And what's that? Well, you know everything there is to know about me, and I don't And you don't you don't know anything about me, right? Um well, why don't I fill you in, then? Let's see I love sleeping in the nude. Hell of an opener. (Annie-chuckles) And I love sweets of all kinds, especially chocolate. I love long baths, with bubbles. Oh, I'm a bit of a shower guy myself. Hmm except when I invite you to join me in the tub. Hmm. You know what? That's that's probably too much info for a first date, huh? Um our real first date. Uh no. No, I guess I'm I'm moving this along too fast. My favorite thing is reading to Emma at night, and cuddling with her in the morning. You, too I mean, cuddling with Emma. Not that you mind cuddling with me I mean, you like it. You do. Well, you did. Right. Excuse me sorry, yeah. Um I'm getting a dry white wine, and I'll just I'll just have a beer, please? Sure thing. Thank you. So So? Uh is there anything that you really don't like? Talking about myself. (Ryan-chuckles) Your turn. No You know more about me right now than I do. Well, I'm sure there are things about you that I don't know. Oh, yeah? Like a deep, dark secret? one. There is something that I have never told anybody before at least I don't think I have. Are you sure you want to hear it? So 70% of America's wealth is controlled by less than 10% of the people. Now, my point is there's a huge economic inequality in America. And my point is that this is still the land of opportunity take you, for example. Ok, you have my permission. Your father owned a small business, your mother was a teacher. You applied yourself, and you became a U.S. Attorney. You've been doing your research. Yes. Yes, I have. You and your very impressive career prove that with talent and motivation, hard work, that can lead to success. And your career proves the same. Your mother was a single working mom, right? Well, you've been doing your research. Erica, you and I and motivation don't always cut it anymore. In fact, growing up middle-class is increasingly becoming a thing of the past. Yeah, we have our lucky ones we have our haves. But more than ever, we have our have-nots. Now, how can we expect people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps when most of them a lot of them can't even get their heads above water? And so your answer is to even the playing field. What exactly does that mean? Oh, that means that I got to make tough decisions. Now, I I can't change the world. I know that. But I can try to make sure that in my part of the world, the rich don't get richer at the expense of the poor. Angie, believe me. More than anything, I wish I could tell you that Jesse is still alive. Be honest with me, Tad. Did you actually consider the Tad Ok, all right. The truth? I did consider it, ok, for about a minute. But that was that was only because of Dixie. You know what happened to me I mean, I thought she was dead for the longest time, and then she wasn't. Oh, God, I what I would give if that could be true for Jesse. You know, it's like I I I can feel him. I can feel him. I'm sorry. For all of it, I'm so sorry. It's not your fault. Well, I sure as hell don't feel like I'm helping you any. Tad, honey oh, hi. Angie. Hi, Krystal. Angie felt like a little company. Is your son ok? Oh, yeah, Frankie's fine. Oh. But you're not? Well, I late. I I should get going. Sure. No, no, no, wait, hold hold on. Um I I know I don't know you that well. But I know that what you've been through as a mother is just it's hell. I've been through it, too. You almost lost a child and I know what that can do to you. I'm a good listener. It's, um, Frankie's dad. Yeah, I've I've been missing him. Yeah. Well, why don't you come in and sit down and tell me all about him. It can help sometimes to remember. Come on. Me and Jesse? Our story I don't know where to begin. Day one, first eye lock. Hey, Krystal, look Angie's been through an awful lot today. Maybe she's a little worn out. you meet your Romeo? We were in high school, and Jesse's mom had died, and he'd moved here from Chicago to live with his aunt and uncle. Oh. And the moment that you met was it that classic love at first sight? Oh (Krystal-chuckles) No, no, I can't say that it was. I was the polite, proper, perfect daughter of a lawyer. Hmm. And Jesse was this loud, rude oh, God, and so annoying. (Tad-chuckles) Well, you know, you got to be fair it was probably an act. Well, you know, he'd he'd had a tough start, and he had this whole riff on it. And he he put that riff on my parents the first time I brought him home for dinner? Oh, my God, it was such a disaster. (Krystal-chuckles) Well, if you mean a job, I already Over in Center City I work nights. Yeah, and tonight was Jesse's night off. Angie-'s-mom What sort of work? Um bussing, cleaning up over at Foxy's. Angie-'s-mom Foxy's? Uh what is that? It's a bar over there on Locust Street you ain't never been? Needless to say, Jesse didn't win over my parents. Hmm. But I was already hooked on the guy. Yeah. Uh yeah, well, it's definitely a classic. You know, the the good girl and the bad boy. No, not bad, not to me. He was gentle and so protective of me. In what way? The night he proposed. Angie-'s-voice Get married tonight? Are you serious? ( Jesse-hums- " Wedding-March " ) Jesse, we can't Yeah, we can, Angie, sure we can. All we got to do is 's this justice of the peace over there he does everything. Oh, Jesse. This is just such a big step, I don't Uh-uh, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Hubbard, hmm, huh? Huh? Angie-'s-voice Oh, Jesse. Yes. Yes. Jesse's voice Yeah, baby. So did you follow through? Did you cross the state line and get married? Yeah, we did. The justice of the peace kept us waiting for I don't know it seemed like an eternity and I was a nervous wreck. Oh. Took it out on the poor daffodils. Daffodils? My wedding bouquet. Jesse, I really don't think you should've taken these from the park. Oh, come on, that's your wedding bouquet. And I didn't steal them I borrowed them. Jesse. Jesse, you shouldn't. Oh, no, it's all right. It, Jesse, I love you so much. Yes. Yes, I'm sure I want to marry him more than anything. With this ring, I thee wed. And with all my worldly goods, I thee endow. And with all my my what? Worldly goods, I thee endow. Jesse-'s-voice With all my worldly goods, I thee endow. Justice-'s-voice I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride. Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Hubbard. We'd done it. We were in high school, and we were married. Oh, wow. But we kept it a secret for a long time too long. And it hurt us. It hurt us it hurt us bad. Angie-'s-voice I've given it a lot of serious thought. And I've decided that the best thing for us to do is get a divorce. I got the divorce, but it wasn't over. Of " stamped the moment that you met. So? Hey, if you don't want to tell me your No, no, I do, I do. It's it's something I probably should tell somebody, you know? It's get it off my chest a little bit. It's just that, um, sometimes you know, like, when I'm in a hurry or something What? I don't You don't what? I don't recycle. No. Yes. You're kidding me. No, I'm not, it's true. Sometimes I will throw a can or even a bottle in the regular trash, just toss it right in there. Oh, stop Mr. Environment? I know. You're, like, religious about recycling. I know. You convert everybody you meet. By the way, Emma is . Really? Yeah. Go Emma Mm-hmm. Love that. It's because of you because she wants to make you proud, because she loves you so much. And you love her, too, Ryan. You you will remember that. You'll you'll remember how much you love both of your children. I saw Spike yesterday. Oh. Did you Remember him? No, no, I didn't, but when I held him, I You you felt something? Yeah, I did, actually. I felt, like, a connection with him, you know? Um I guess part of it is because Because he's the child you had with Kendall. All right, best pizza in Chicago. Could we have the house special, please two and a beer and a glass of water? You got it. Zach 've got to eat make you feel better. What else have they got? Oh food. That is your cure for everything. Not everything, I huh. Huh. So, how was Ryan with you? He was all right, you know? It's it's not easy for him. I'm married to the woman he loves or wants. I think that he in love with a memory. A lot of memories, all her has. Thank you. But what you guys shared I mean, that was a lot. I never trust him around you. All right, ok. Well, maybe you're right. But can we just not talk about Aidan anymore? Aidan? Who said anything about Aidan? Samuel, you are such an inspiring speaker, and you have presented some very important issues. I just presented my concerns, really. Well, you certainly don't You are a great interviewer. Then I certainly hope that you don't mind if I get a little more personal. You have had your own new beginning, starting with a a tragic loss that you suffered. I lost my wife in 9/11 South Tower. My son lost his mother. It's something we'll never recover from. But I like to think, like all tragedies, there's something positive that comes out of it, something good that comes out of that loss. And for you? I like to think that I'm a better father. I'm I'm definitely a better lawyer. How so? Well, I I couldn't help my wife. I couldn't save her. But in my capacity as a U.S. Attorney, I can help others. Which has become your mission. Thank you, Samuel. Well, we are out of time. However, until next time, I want beginning is possible for anyone including you. ( " New-Beginning " -theme-plays ) Mr. Woods, you were I'm so thank you. Erica, I am I'm genuinely glad we did this, yeah. Thank you, and and so am I. I if you do decide to run for the Senate, I may just come onboard. Why'd you want to bring up Aidan? Uh I meant Ryan. I have been thinking about Aidan, though, a lot because of Greenlee. I mean, she's so in love with him, and I just hope he doesn't screw it up. I think you worry about everyone too much. Yeah, I think maybe you're right. And I think maybe you need a distraction. Oh? Ok, so, how are you going to do that? Happy early Valentine's Day. Zach Oh, my sweet. It's open. It's good, right? Yeah, yeah, it is awesome. Look at my little boys. I love you. I love you. There's more room in the back in case we decide to have more little boys or girls. Do you want to have more children? I never told Jesse when I got pregnant. I assumed that he didn't want children, but I was so wrong. I made a terrible mistake, and I'd given up our child and believed that we would never get him back. Were you thinking about the baby when you decided to give it away? How did you know I was? No, uh-uh. Uh-huh. Ain't nobody going to adopt to my son. Jesse Nobody's going to take my baby from me. But Jesse never gave up. Hmm. Well, that was Jesse all over. Once he a soul alive who could change it. Um Krystal? Excuse me for a second. I just I want to go check on something. (Angie-sighs) You know, Jesse he searched, and he searched until he found our little Frankie, and we got him back. It wasn't easy. Yeah. But finally, we were a family. And we made it official. You know, Jesse and I had our share of good and bad times after that. But we always loved each other, no matter what. And then I lost him. Tad told me that he died trying to save someone else. Yeah. And, you know, Krystal, when I lost him, it seemed so it still seems so wrong. And I can't make peace with it. And I don't I don't think I ever will. Oh, my God. This is killing me, Tad. Listening to Angie me. Seeing her is killing me. Being so close to her it's killing me. I should've never come here Come on, take it easy. Look, your son was sick, he nearly died remember? Yeah, and now he's at risk again because of me. And the longer I stay here, the bigger the risk, Tad I know. For Angie, for Frankie, for you, your family. You are family. Look, if you'd just clue me in, I can help you. Who just tell me who the bad guys are. I got to get out of here. I got to leave Pine Valley now Tad? Look, ok hey, hey, hey. Don't panic, all right? Just take it easy. Take it easy. I'll go clear the room. Tad? I know you're doing all you can to help I love you for it. We'll get you out of here. Well, where'd you disappear to? Sorry, the boiler went out. I had to crank it up again. Well, good. We have to keep our guest warm tonight Angie has agreed to stay with us. Is that true, Angela? You you want to stay with us? Well, Krystal suggested it. It is it a problem, Tad? No, no, it's not a problem. It's not a problem at all, right? No, I just you know, I wondered how long. As long as she wants. I'll only be staying with you for one night. I'm catching a plane tomorrow. I'm leaving Pine Valley. No, no, no, no, no. You know, I know that you've been through an awful lot. You got to if you're going to travel. And what with Jenny here, I'm just afraid you're not going to get all that much of it in this house. Just have Jenny sleep with us and keep the door shut. Why don't you tell Angie how glad you are that she's staying with us, and I'll go make us all some tea. Tad, tell Angie you will not be happy until she leaves. She's absolutely right. I would be thrilled if you stayed with us. Krystal bullied you into saying that. Look what I found. Oh, this is a picture of Jesse, the one that was stolen from Frankie's room. How did it get here? I don't even get how Spike really, you know, happened, because he must have been some sort of miracle baby. That little guy has had his fair share of struggles, that's for sure. When I was couldn't remember anything, you know, when when we went there, I I looked at my medical record, and it said that I had a vasectomy even before Spike was conceived, so Ryan um Spike and Emma weren't conceived the old-fashioned way. Do you remember that you donated at some fertility clinic? So you and Kendall were were both Yeah. Wow. That is unbelievable. That's wild. You know, because the first time that I saw Spike, the first time I laid eyes on him, I I and by the way, I love the name Spike. I love I love saying it, you know? But I knew right away that he was mine and he was I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Ryan, I can't do this. I can't. I love you, and you are my husband, and and I want to make this work, too. I know that we are going to get to where we were, but for now, I just think we need I just think it's going to take some time. Do you want another glass of wine? Yes. Do I want more children? Sure I do. Really? Yeah. But if you don't, I mean, I I'm perfectly happy with the family we have. God, I love you. I do. And I I do want to have more children. I want to have more of everything with you. You know what I want? You know what I want to do? I want to go back to the hotel room right now, and I want to take all of your clothes off and yes, I do Uh-huh. And I want to just spend the rest of the evening before our flight just getting busy with you Really? Whatever you want. Come on. Let's go, let's go. It is time for me to give you your Valentine's gift. Come on, come on Well, I am so glad that we were able to accommodate you this evening. You know, the pleasure was all mine. And I I may kind of owe you an apology. When you first asked me to come on the show Oh, I didn't ask you, Pam did. Ok, all right. But when I spoke to you, if I came off rude, I'm sorry. Remember I told you my wife was a really big fan? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I can still see her watching you. She would sit there transfixed, and I think on some level, I thought if I came on here, I'd think about it, and I might fall apart. Don't give me up, Tad. room, I thought I'd ask a couple questions, you know? And I'm glad I did, because a maintenance worker found it in the garbage. I'm sorry, it was just some some nurse who's new on staff, didn't know what she was doing and threw it away. Nice. Yeah Anyway, I thought, you know, I'd clean it up, maybe put it in another frame before I gave it back to Frankie. And I just I guess I just forgot. Thanks for bringing it up. Frankie will be really happy to get it back. Well, why don't I get you ready for bed? I can show you where the guest room is. Come on. Oh, no, please. The the sofa would be fine. No. No It's it's no bother, right? You know um I'll be comfortable right fine. Look, why don't I show you where you can freshen up, ok? Upstairs. Come on. Ok, sure. (Krystal-chuckles) Yeah. Angie's sleeping on your couch, man? It's not my fault me, ok? I couldn't talk her out of it. What'd you want me to do, play the long-lost friend that tells her to get the hell out? Look, it's it's ok, it's ok. We'll just we'll wait till she falls asleep, and then you're going to creep out, ok? We've got no choice. Hey, look, how are you going to get out of town? Train. Where are you going again? Well, hold on. I have my itinerary for you. Shh, shh, shh. God No, it's ok. It was worth a shot, ok? Good luck. of a love story. You better believe it, baby. You better believe it. Good night, ok? Sweet dreams. So, till we meet again? Till we meet again. Good night. Good night. Bye, Pam. (Pam-giggles) I'd like to see that tape first thing in the morning, Pam. You'll have it. Trust me, it's your best yet. And as for Samuel, that man is charisma personified. Admit it, Erica, he got to you, too. He's good TV. Uh-huh. So call his people and see when we can have him on again. Will do. Yeah, everything set for tomorrow? Good, we don't want any screw-ups. Yeah, we are dealing with Erica Kane. Look um Annie, the easiest thing for me to do right now would be to take you upstairs and but It wouldn't be real. At least, not yet. Give it time, Ryan. Give us time. I think I'll go to bed now. Annie Ryan-kisses-Annie-on-the 2-cheek All right. In you go. Come on. Oh ah Oh (Zach-growls) Let's get out of here. I want to go home. Yes, yes. Ah. Oh, this is lighter. Yeah, well, I thought I would take your advice and lighten my load a little bit, so I threw away some things I don't need anymore. Good. Yeah. All right. Well, let me come on. Go Sleep well. Good night, Krystal. Everything's going to be fine. Good night. Please go to sleep, Angela. Go to sleep, please. What is with . I will always love you, Jesse. 
Thank you. Well. You're still here. And on this side of the bars. I thought you'd be long gone, kissing babies somewhere. No, I I wanted you to know how incredibly sorry Warden Hitchcock now is about getting us locked in together. Well, will you please tell Warden Hitchcock for me that, uh, Inmate Number 11548-054 has had enough of her apologies. You all right? Well, being locked up in solitary isn't quite as bad when it's not quite as solitary. No, I meant I meant with, you know, did I overstep when I Kissed me? Hello? My, God. So this is how the other half kicks it. Hello? Mr. Chandler? Might as well get started. Chandler residence. Uh, this is Tad Martin. I'm trying to track down my wife Krystal. One moment, please. Knock, knock There's a call. I think it's your husband. Somebody, help me, please Let me out Are you ready for this? On three. Kendall-and-Greenlee One, two What the hell was that? Ah, you Ah (Richie-groaning) Uh, oh, oh Get Get off Thank you. Good to see you. Good to see you, too. Please, tell me you're calling because they found Babe. No, well, there's nothing yet, but it won't be long. Look, I'm working with everybody. I mean, Jesse, police. I called in every favor I've got. They're going to find her. Jackie wanted to come inside to make sure that you were going to treat me right, but I told him I could handle it. When Erica told be true. Don't you have something to clean? Oh, is that what I do? Nobody told me about, you know, my duties. This is living large. King size. I got to say A drink, a drink. Uh, a scotch. The the decanter on the left. Um, would you mind? It will be my pleasure. Oh, God. I I can't take this. I can't. I don't know what to do. Just just stay there for now with Little A, ok? No. No, I I'm going to bring him home. I thought you wanted to be over there. No, no, I want to I want to be with you, Tad. Um, I I want to do something. I don't know, uh, feel useful. Ok, well, you come on home. see you soon then. Um, I love you. I hope it's the way you like it. Um He he shouldn't be drinking at all. Would you leave us alone, please? No, actually, I I'm going to get Little A and, uh, take him back to my place. There's no there's no need to rush off. There is no reason to stay, Adam. But you but we need to talk about this. No, just just tell J.R. to call me the minute he finds out about Babe, ok? Krystal Blast Are you here to work or to ogle? I'm ready to go. Just point me in the right direction. He's a hot, hard-bodied hunk. Mm, major. Killer eyes. Definite hottie, cool. You can't do that. my rules. Remember? (Cassandra-chuckles) New game. Whose idea was this anyway? Wild times, huh? No complaining. I'm not. I mean, because you said you didn't want a party. Right, and after Dr bailed on us, you said, " Girls night. " And we had to swear. I'm not complaining. It's just You just what? You freaked out about your Sweet-16 party? I mean, you said, " Never again. " Your words. You said you wanted it " quiet and mature. " My words? Mm-hmm. New words. This party sucks. You think you took advantage of me? Yeah, a man in my position. A man in your position actually opened up a little bit. You let me see past the pictures on your campaign posters, and it only took a prison lockdown to do that. It was excellent campaign technique. You're having fun with this, huh? (Erica-laughs) Completely. Erica, this is a problem. Samuel, there are worse problems than two people enjoying each other's company. I care about you. And this can't happen. I mean, it's crazy. Not like this. not under these circumstances. Well, Mr. U.S. Attorney, so much passion for something other than politics. I'm going to take your life, all of you. What the hell do you think you're doing? Richie-is-tied-up-in-a 2-chair Is that too tight? Yeah, it's too tight.Much better. Oh, look. We can crash his car, too. I'm going to kill you. I will kill you. Richie, now, is that any way to talk to the woman you love? Are you sure you're my mind, but I am doing better every minute. Oh, you little bitches can't do this. We just did. He just doesn't get it, does he? Oh, he will. The police are going to be here soon, Richie. Actually, you know what? I'm going to call Zach right now and tell him you're ok and that we got the son-of-a-bitch. Then I'm going to call the police. Hold off on calling the cops. Well, the sooner he's behind bars, the better I'm going to feel. Let me out of here Let me out of here, right now (Richie-sniffling) I've got a better idea. Sorry, guys. No more bitching. This is great. Mm-hmm. Yes, I'm feeling the love from you. Ok, can you just tell me what was so horrible about heard bits and pieces, but I want details. I so screwed up. Did you really crash a yacht? I got majorly wasted, totally out of control, lost my V-card. No way. Totally with the wrong guy. It was so messed up. Ok, dish. Google it. Short version. Jesse McCartney sang at her party. Get out Yeah, Colby was rocking a million in diamonds. Hunky guys carried her in. A-list party. And then her and Sean kept it going on his uncle's yacht. Sean. Is that the guy Can we skip it, please? Yeah, and he was so cute. It's too bad he moved back to Seattle. And you guys, like, really crashed a yacht? This is old news. Oh, yeah, and everyone thought that Colby drowned, and then she just pops up alive. How do know you back then. Yeah, you think a story like that goes away? You're a legend. I learned my lesson. Yeah, better keep her away from the hard stuff, though. Don't worry. It's caffeine free, sugar free, carb free, fun free. Hmm, like this party. Male-voice I know you're in there. Who the hell is that? Are you expecting someone? No. Maybe you should get it. Ok. Male-voice It's the police. Open up. Police? The party police Oh, my God. Ooh, thank you. Surprise. Surprise. So running a household, uh, do you have any experience? Oh, more than you'd like to know about. Well, I why don't we all confine our, um, our conversation to the, uh, job requirements? You I got Erica Kane. If I'm good enough for her Then you've done this before? Maybe not so fancy, but dirt is dirt, and people are people, and I can take care of both. Well, I don't need taking care of. Huh, I'm no so sure about that. Excuse me? I clean, do laundry, taught Erica a thing or two about doing whites, I'm not so bad in the kitchen, and I can work my way around mixing a decent drink. I'll keep all that in mind. And just so you know, I'm very discrete. What you saw with Krystal was nothing. It never is. No, it's it's her daughter is in trouble. She's upset. I was trying to comfort her. I saw. She's my ex-wife. And the man on the phone, her husband Huh. I love the way you rich people talk. " Transpired. " Almost makes it sound classy. Like I told you, discrete. Lips sealed, which is more than I can say about you and your ex. I will regret hiring you, won't I? Oh, you're going to love me. Hey. There they are. Any word on Babe? Not yet, honey, but soon. (Krystal-sighs) I hope you have some pull with the guy upstairs, because I am fresh out of nerves, Tad. Ok, ok. Hey, listen, big guy. Why don't you do us a favor, all right? Would you go upstairs and change in your PJs, get ready for bed? All right? All right. I'll tuck you in, in a few minutes, ok? Ok. Now listen. Everything on this end is under control. I got Kathy, Emma your job to keep the faith. I promise you. I've been at this alone for two hours. I'm working with every source I've ever had. They're all out there, looking for Babe and Novak. You take such good care of this family, Tad. Why wouldn't I? It's the best job in the world. Come here. Come on. (Krystal-sighs) You don't know how much I needed this. Well, it's a good thing there's plenty more where that came from, Sugar. It's just that the the waiting and and the wondering I mean, that that damn Richie Novak. I can't I can not believe that I hired that devil Now, listen. Honey, you've got to stop doing this to yourself, ok? He got over a lot of people, not just you. And I guarantee he's not about to get past Jesse. on the force out and on this thing. Look, you're going to be hugging Babe before breakfast. I just I'm just I'm sure of it. (Krystal-sighs) You are so good, Tad. I do have my moments, don't I? No, I mean you always always do the right thing for me and and this family. I'm so sorry. Sorry? Krystal, what on earth do you have to be sorry for? Honey, why are you sorry? What, did something happen? No it's just I don't know. Everything's been Wait, hang on, hang on. Yeah, hello? Hey, Tad. It's me, Babe. Oh, thank God. Are you all right? Yeah. Ok, now, you don't move a muscle. I got your mom right here. Babe. Babe, are Mama, I'm fine. Are you with the police, or are you on your way home? Listen, I can't explain now. Why, why? What's wrong? Will you just call J.R. and tell him? Yes, of course. I thank you, Mama. Wait a minute, wait, wait, wait. What what about Richie? Don't worry. Richie's been taken care of. Well, there's no interruptions. So, ladies, what do you want to do now? She hung up. Yeah, well, before that, what did she say? Just that she was ok and to call J.R. I couldn't get anything else out of her. Ok, well, at least we know the important part, that she's all right. Yeah. Yes. Oh, God, thank God. Thank God. Here. Sorry, honey fine. You better not soak me. What, what? Oh, oh, my God. My dad will freak. Hey, at least we're not crashing a yacht. Does everybody know this story? Pretty much. Hey. Hey, when am I going to be able to drive that hot new car you got out there, huh? The surprise worked. Oh, I know it's warm. Sorry. Oh, no, it's ok. I'm just not much of a beer drinker. Oh, that's right. You're a Paris girl. In French accent Champagne. Chateauneuf du pape, foie gras. Actually, it's more like baguettes and cheese. I got I tried to get some bubbles, but this was the closest thing to the door. You shoplifted it? From my dad. Right, the Senator. So, like, when your dad wins curtsy, or what? I'm trying not to think about it. You don't want him to win? Well, sort of in like a big-picture, good-for-the-country kind of way, but small picture? Not so crazy about living under a microscope. Yeah, no, I kind of know what you mean. Just, like, after being away for so long, living at home with my mom and my brother and my new stepdad, it's like surveillance central. Everyone's watching each other and, like, trying to figure out how to make it work. It's weird. Now look, just because I take my work seriously doesn't mean I'm not passionate about other things. I don't know about that. You seem to me like a man who never really lets his guard down. I mean, unless you're involved in a prison lockdown. And and there's a beautiful lady locked in with me Again? I just want to clarify the situation. And analyze it, and take a poll, and find out how the red and the blue states feel about it? So you're making fun of me. No. Erica. I'm the guy that did this to you. I'm the one that put you in here. No, you didn't. Truly, I did this to myself by breaking the law. But still, I mean, you and I wouldn't Wouldn't look right? It certainly wouldn't be politically expedient, would it? A family-values, law-and-order candidate kissing a notorious diva he put behind bars? For me, this has got nothing to do with politics. This is great, isn't it? Almost like a dream come true. What are you babbling about now? You know how it is? Maybe you don't. Someone almost kills you, and works, that they get what they deserve, but they never do. Oh, just shut up. Shut up. Bars for walls and bad food. That's not punishment. This is punishment. Ah, you know, you should call off your friend. No, no, no, I'm liking it. Yeah, me, too. Ah. Feeling what I felt? That's punishment. Fear, hopelessness, no control. Oh, you're crazy. No, I'm not crazy. I want you to feel what I felt. You know, there's a mine shaft not too far from here. Maybe we ought to dump you down there. Are you supposed to be frightening me, huh? Are you supposed to scare me? It's dark. The air is so thick, it hurts to take a breath. The water, what there is of it, stinks. You yell, want someone to hear you, someone to come and save you, someone to get there before it's too late, but no one knows you're there. No one comes. Scary, isn't it? No one can hear you scream. You're breathing now. Get over it. My life ended the day you trapped me and Zach in that bomb shelter. You have problems. Don't blame me. I do. You hurt me. You hurt my friends. Maybe it's time your life ended, too. What do you think your constituents would say about all this? What constituents would that be? Oh, don't look now, but one of them is taking an interest. Let her look. I'm talking to one of the prisoners. Oh, is that where we are? Back to all talk, no action? Typical politician. You know what? There's not a lot you'll get to find that out. I already sense that. If we weren't in a public room right now, I'd What, you'd what? No, no, you're going to have to wait to find out when we're not in a public room. That's a promise? I keep my promises. Yeah, well, you're a politician, so you'll understand if I have my doubts. I go after what I want, Erica. And I get it. And when I get it, I don't let go. Ms. Kane. Jackson Montgomery is calling, third time. He heard about the lockdown, wanted to make sure you were all right. It's easier this way. It's quick. It's painless. I said call her off. Call her off. Now you know what I felt like. Not like this, Greenlee. until it's my turn. Oh, you girls are sick, every one of you. You want to know why Richie dragged me out of Fusion? Because he loves me. Don't you, baby? You wanted to be together. That's Richie's idea of love. It's violence and force. But you don't know how to love, do you? You just know how to take. J.R. was ready to give you his bone marrow, give, but that wasn't good enough, was it? No, it wasn't enough that you drugged him, and you kidnapped him. You left him with a disease that could've killed him. You risked all of our lives, even my son's. I was always good to your son. Yeah, except that you gave his daddy Hepatitis A. And Richie offered to kidnap Little A. Yeah, so after we were settled. Isn't that right? So sweet. So 's all about family. Poor Annie. What you little girls don't know about poor Annie. Stop blaming everything on her. You terrorized her. Damn grin never left your face. What I'd give to take that away for good. Yeah, well, you don't have it in you, do you? They may not. But I do. Well, that's weird. J.R .' s not at home, and he's not picking up his cell. Yeah, well, I knew he wouldn't sit still. He went out and looked for Babe. I left messages all over creation. He's bound to pick up one of them, sooner or later. Just keep trying until then. Darling, you got to let it go. Babe is fine. You heard it straight from the horse's mouth. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I heard it. But what if if Richie made her say that, Tad? What if he's he's got her? Baby, I'm sorry. Now you're just being para no, no, look, ok, just think about it, ok? Don't get mad. Why would he kidnap her, drag her out in the middle of nowhere, and have her call you just to tell you that she's fine? Well, I didn't say he was sane. You know that girl better than anybody. You know her voice. If something was screwy, you would have figured it out. She would've let you know somehow, right? You're right. No, you're right, you're right. Babe's Babe is fine. She's she's she's going to be ok. Groovy. Now that we got that sorted out, what do you have to be sorry for? And you left him for dead, twice. Guess I should've done it right the first time. Shut up. Shut up. My husband was bleeding and hurt, and you dumped his body on the side of the road. You made everyone believe that you were helping us search for Zach and Greenlee, but you trapped them in that hole, and you walked away. You know you three hussies should get a new line. What, what? You watched us grieve. You watched us suffer. My children almost lost their father. I almost lost my husband and my best friend. I did lose my best friend. Well, she's right there. We can make this interesting, and you can kiss and make up. I told you to shut up. You changed our lives forever. Forever. Yeah, I get it. I'm the monster. You talk too much. Yeah? Yeah, you shut up Shut up You know what, you know what, you know what? Do you know what? Hmm? You think that you can get away with whatever the hell you want. You think you can harm people, and you think you can kill people and get away with it. Well, you know what? You know what, you know what? Not anymore. Not anymore, baby. Uh-uh, uh-uh, no. And just think about it. God, wow, wow, oh, wouldn't that feel good? You know what, you know what? A little pressure, a little pressure, a quick twist. Done. Dead, done, gone. You don't have the guts. I don't have the guts? Oh, really? Oh, really? Yes, I do. Yes, I do Shut up Shut the hell up. Nobody will find you. Nobody will look for you. done it. I would've slit Richie's throat and enjoyed it. Ok, maybe not. But to see the fear in his face, to see the look in his eye that he might die at any second? I needed that. It was really brave for you to face him and what he did to you. At least it's over now. You know what I'm going to wish for when I blow out my candles? What? Uh, what. That was just a kiss. My party, my rules, remember? Yeah, hey, hey. Oh, my God. Come on, let's go Wow. Yeah. Like, I always thought it was important to know someone's favorite color, or something, before going for their tonsils. Yeah, I'm with you on that. Huh. So what's up with you? Like, you're a hot, rocking musician, I let the new keyboard guy have them. So, um, you're not going back to Paris. Your boyfriend must not be so happy. Yeah, I don't have a boyfriend. I'm single. Perpetually single. So what's your favorite color? Well, uh, I, um, I have some prep work I got to do for this town-hall meeting tomorrow, so Oh, I'm I'm sure that you are already very well versed on on all the issues. Tell Jackson I'll call him about the report I'm submitting to the Bureau of Prisons, because I I'd love his input. I will. Erica-and-Samuel-shake 2-hands Thank you. For everything. It's my pleasure. Guard? I'm I'm sorry because of everything that you've been through, Tad. I mean, you were shot, you you almost died was missing, and it's it's just too much. I mean, you you deserve some peace, so that you can settle in and get to know your daughter without all this drama and craziness. Oh, I wouldn't know what to do without them. Peace and quiet's highly overrated. It's not fair to you. Fair? Fair? Hey, man, you want to talk about fair? The life we have, the life you've given me? I couldn't ask for anything more. I can't I can barely count my blessings. I mean, we got Jenny, Kathy, Little A, Colby, Babe in and out of the house, all hours of the day or night. Place has got a decibel level of an international airport half the time. Think about it. We got it all, man. We got schools and schedules, got play dates and real dates. We got diapers. We rolled into one big, beautiful thing, and then, when all's said and done, at the end of the day, when things have settled down a little bit, we get the best part. We got you and me together when it is quiet. And it's perfect. I have that. I have all of that because of you. Aren't you going to answer it? I mean, it might be J.R. Uh, it's, um, Kyle, from The Comeback. I'm I'm sure he'll he'll leave a message if it's important. Hmm. Hey, you know what? Why don't I make you some tea? I might even put something a little sassy into it. Why don't you just give me one of those hugs that you're famous for? Ok, sure. Come here, baby. Don't ignore me, Krystal. When you get this I must have taken a wrong turn. I can't find my room, as there are so many bedrooms in this place. Is mine the one with the balcony and the spa shower or the one with the big, pouffy bed? I always wanted one of those. Uh, left of the mud room. Excuse me? Your bedroom is not on the second floor. It's down here, between the kitchen and the mud room. You got a room for mud? I'll I'll just go check it out. My room, I mean. I'm sure it's nice. Well, uh, as what you've, uh, been residing in recently has been a federal-detention cell, um, I suppose you'd find this magnificent. And you must check with Lucretia about your uniform. I think it's going to be a bit of change or two from what you're accustomed to wearing. Salud., too Lime green? Kelly green? Forest green? I once knew a girl named Kelly Greengrass, once. Oh, my God. You guys, let's dance. Come on. Look, I'm taking a break. Yeah, like, since we got here. Oh, this is the best. Really. You're the best. Oh, my God. You're the best, too. And so are they. Oh, my God. Let's change the music, huh? New tunes. Would you believe my first lockdown, and I was in solitary? Oh, no, Jack. Don't call the warden. No, no, I I was just visiting. No, really, I'm fine. I'm I'm I'm fine. I wasn't alone. Uh, Sam Sam Samuel Woods was with me. Oh, well, you know him. I mean, that man more interesting when I was there by myself. How did you know to find me here? Well, from that photo you have at the office, the day that Richie brought you and Little A here. It just clicked. Well, you got here just in time. You got in a couple good hits yourself. Well, let's just say he's going to walk funny for a while. Well, I'll be sure to add that to the report. Oh, Zach, finally, you have service. Yeah, um, I'm here with Greenlee and Babe, and she's fine. And we also have one other surprise for you. I think you'll like it. 
Annie? Annie, you home? Annie? (Ryan-finds-Annie's-note) You went to the movies? (Knock-at-door) Ryan, you got a second? Yeah, yeah, Jesse, what's going on? A little police business. About Richie? I'd like to speak to Annie again about Richie's escape. Hey, sis, it's about time. It felt so good to mess with that jerk. If anyone deserves it. Again, thank you, guys. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't gotten here. Ok, ok, don't even think about that and quit thanking us. Are you sure we have to leave him here alive? Yeah, unfortunately. Yeah, when Zach gets here Richie may wish we killed him. To us, to strength. And power. And kicking some butt. To be your fantasy and they don't have limits on what you want to seen't think I haven't noticed. Well, it's not bad. There's nothing like a guy with some rhythm. Your guy's cute, too. Oh, yeah, Ren and I were friends for a long time before he asked me out. Come on, you guys, come over and dance. Turn up the music. Ren, you, no standing. Come on, let's dance. Come on. Whoo. Ok, all right. Don't ever make contact let's make fire the star? Hey, are you all right? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, really. What were you thinking? We're ok, too, thanks for asking. Are you sure you're ok? We're fine, we're fine. You should have seen Greenlee. She was the queen of pepper spray. Great, you should have called me. I tried to ring, and Yeah, I heard Babe screaming. So, what were we supposed to do? Just listen to her cry for help? Did he hurt you? No, he didn't get a chance to. You guys should be proud of us. We really took care of him. I'm just glad that everybody's all right, ok? Where is he? He's inside, he's tied up. He's not going to go anywhere. You shouldn't have come here by yourselves. Well, we thought it was a long shot that Babe and Richie were even here. Well, it's a risk you didn't have to take. What are you doing? Zach, Zach, we're fine, ok? All right. This isn't exactly a lipstick launch, is it? But it worked out ok, didn't it? Are you sure you're 're doing great. What about this cabin? You just found it in the woods and Kendall saw a picture of Babe and Little Adam that was taken here. Yes, and I remember her telling me about this picnic that they had with Little A and Richie back when he was Wes. And apparently he thought he could rekindle the romance. Hey. What? We're ok. Yeah. Come on, you guys, we should be celebrating. Why don't we celebrate once we take care of Richie, how about that? Do you want to call the cops, or should I? Let's, let's hold off on the police for a little while. No, Zach, I know what you want to do, but you can't. I was so scared, Babe. I just didn't know what I'd do if I had lost you. I know the feeling. I didn't know what I'd say to him if, if I let his mother Don't. Ok, let's just go home and let's just go see our son. We've punished Richie enough, Zach. I held a knife to his throat. She's not kidding. I know what you want to do, Zach, but I saw Richie. I saw the look in his eyes. He thought he was going to die. I'm going to check out that look right now. J.R ., J.R.? That baboon's probably out there chasing after Babe and that psychopath. When is he going to figure out that that woman is nothing but trouble? Um, your job here isn't sneaking up on people. Sorry, sorry, I just heard you yelling " J.R ., J.R. " I thought it was an order, or something, like KP duty. J.R. is my . Yeah, well, what are you wearing? Oh, your cook lady, Mocretia? Lucretia. Oh, yeah, she gave me the uniform, like you told me, and I just fixed it up. Erica taught me in prison you've got to make it your own. You can't just fit into every little box that life throws at you. Oh, we may need a bigger box because that outfit is entirely unacceptable. I'll work on it. Oh, and that little thing about you talking to yourself, don't you worry. It doesn't freak me out at all. I can put up with you. You can put up with me? Yeah, no sweat. I've dealt with stir crazy before. Stir crazy, that's prison talk for when things are getting a little Yeah, I'm well-acquainted with the definition of stir crazy. Oh, you've been in the joint The term is not restricted to prisons. Oh, we are going to have a real learning experience between the two of us. Wait, wait, just hold it right there. I know that you must be anxious, determined to find yourself some sort of a safe, non-crime related conversation to get into, but not with me, because I am not your pal, you see? I'm your boss. You can call me warden if you want to. Geez Louise, I'm just trying to be nice. I know what it's like when your family takes off on you, that's all. Come on, Ren, are you sure you don't want to dance? Ah, thanks, I'm good, Colby. You want another beer? Maybe it's time to chill on the cocktails. That's no fun, is it? You want to have fun, don't you? Hey, . Yo, man, you've got to chill. Corrina's all over this mess. What am I supposed to do? Just walk away, man. Just walk away. What are you guys talking about? I'm done, and I want to go home. Why? The party's just getting started. Ok, maybe it's time you just slow it down? Why? Ren, are you taking me home, or not? Uh, yeah, I guess. It's my birthday. Nobody leaves until I say so. Maybe we'll just stay a few minutes. Dude, don't. Why, so you can kiss the birthday girl some more? Just keep your mouth shut. What's happening to my party, people? I wasn't doing anything, Corrina. Oh, yeah, then why don't you pick your jaw up off the floor? party? This is ridiculous, I I cannot. Who needs another beer? I was not checking Colby out. Bull. I'm leaving. Oh, Corrina, wait, wait, wait. I was not trying to hit on Colby. Wow, that went well. Fine, let them leave, more drinks for me. Somehow he escaped through the window. I don't understand how he could have gotten out. We tied him up so tight. Wait, wait, so what are you saying? That this psycho just got up and left? Well, you know what? I have his car keys. He can't get far. He could be anywhere. These were cut. The knife. Where is it? I put it right over here. There's no way he could have reached it. Did you check him? We didn't pat him down . Damn it. He could have had another knife. It's possible. What do we do now? Richie must have taken off through the woods. Or he could be out there waiting to make his next move. No, he wouldn't be that stupid. Yes, he would. He was furious with us. He lost it. Yeah, he deserved to be tormented. He's been torturing people since he came to town, starting with Annie and working his way through all of us. Well, his days of torturing people are over. No, wait, Zach, wait a minute. Zach, wait. Come on, Zach. So, you got any news on Richie? Well, we're on it. We've got an APB out on him. We've got the transportation covered and roadblocks, you name it. Great, good, so then, why do closest relative here and also the last person to see him that we know of. After he hit her in the head with a bottle, Jesse. She already came down. She gave her statement, all right? Well, sometimes, you know, you kind of miss stuff first go round, you know? Are you serious? You're really going to do this? You really going to rake her over the coals again? Is she here, Ryan? No, she's not. She'll be back soon. Back from where? She's just taking a little time. She needed to get away from all this, you know. She went to the movies while her brother is out there on the loose, a fugitive? Yeah, I need you to expand the perimeter. I don't care how many guys you've got to pull. Just do it. Hey, Annie, it's me. Um, I need to talk to you, all right, so actually Jesse Hubbard is here, and he needs to talk to you. So, give me a call when you get this, ok? Ok, bye. Yeah, and put a trace on Annie Lavery's cell phone. I tell you guys to keep an eye out for me, all right? Nope, not yet, not yet. I'll let you know when I need you to add her to the APB, bye. Ok, when Annie gets back, I will have her call you. Ryan, what movie theaters did you two usually go to? The one on Fifth, why? Any others? I will have Annie call you. We don't have that kind of time, Ryan. What kind of movies does she like? What, why why does that possibly matter? When a man accused of attempted murder escapes from custody and, does she normally go to the movies by herself? I don't like where this is going, Jesse. Well, sometimes cops got to go to some pretty funky places. And I don't know, it just strikes me as odd that Annie would up and go to a movie after being assaulted by her brother. So, what are you thinking? Maybe that Richie has her? I'm thinking it's a possibility. And what's the other possibility, Jesse? Do you think Annie is in on this with Richie? You tell me. Did you have to park in Ohio? Everything still hurts from Zach Slater's visit to my jail cell. So, Zach's the one who gave you that pounding? Yes, Zach gave me the pounding. You have great friends here. Just shut up, ok? Oh, that's how you talk to your little brother these days? Where the any closer to the cabin, somebody might have heard us, and you would be on your way back to prison. Ok, yeah, good, yeah, that's smart. Guess you're not just another pretty face. Ok, ok, you know those last 10 minutes of us walking here? Those silent minutes? Let's do that again. And miss out on all this bonding time? Sure. God, do you think anybody saw us? No, sis, we're golden, let's go. This is all your fault. Blame the two bimbos with the pepper spray. I gave you money. I gave you a chance to get out of here, and you blew it. Watch where you're throwing those accusations, sis. You're not so squeaky clean these days. I asked you to get Greenlee out of my life, and what did you do? Plan B. What part The fun part, ok? Hello, she doesn't even want you. Hello, come on, I guess you know all about that subject, since you're married to a guy who doesn't even remember why he married you in the first place. Oh, my God, I honestly didn't realize that you were this stupid. I'm sorry. Have you stopped trying to trick Ryan into having a kid with you? This isn't about me, Richie. Well, it sure as hell will be if we get caught, so can we go, please? Look, there's a car up there, ok? I'm waiting for it to pass. Ok, that was smart again. What have you been breaking the law since I've been gone? Gosh, you took your one chance of getting out of here, and you blew it for a woman who hates you. Babe cared. She You're delusional. You're not the golden child anymore, Richie. You can't get everything you want with a compliment and a smile. You know what my prison shrink used to say to me, God rest his soul, he used to say that you were jealous of me. Jealous, jealous of what? I have waited my entire life for people to see the truth about you and now they finally do. Cry me a river, ok? The car's gone. Just drive. You are still ruining my life. My heart bleeds. And now I have to fix it. God, I always have to fix it. Come on, you guys, let's play never have I ever. Yeah, I don't think so, Colby. Ok, I'll start. Never have I ever got drunk, had sex, and got tossed aside on my birthday. Oh, wait, I did Yeah, ok, how about we go home? Why? The party's just getting started. Ok, I'll go again. Never have I ever had a crush on anyone in this room. Oh, don't even. We should all be drinking to that social. How did this happen? Yeah, I think it's called a 12-pack. Never have I ever learned from my mistakes. Hey, I think we all know the answer to that. Happy birthday to me. Let's make a toast. How about we toast with soda? That won't work. Come on. Ok, ok, ok, ok, are you ready? Is everybody ready? Here's to the men that we love, or women. Here's to the men that love us, and if the men that we love don't love us, then the hell with them and here's to us. Ok, enough toasts, can you guys care. I love you guys. I'm so glad you're my friends, real friends, you know, good friends. Whoa, why is everything spinning? Ok, I think we're officially on drunk girl watch. I'll flip you for it. I don't think so. Hello, I can hear you. All right. Sit down. I'm right here. Ok, good, sit Shh, let's listen. Please, thank you very much. Does Cass know how much you like her? Because she likes you, and you like her. And it's a secret, shh. My family means the world to me. I don't live alone in this mansion. You'll meet them all sooner or later, just stop making snap judgments. I can't do anything right, can I? Well, we're not getting off to a very good thought your family bailed on you. It does happen. Maybe not in rich places like this, but No, maybe it happens everywhere, but I hold my family in too high esteem to risk losing them. It's good to know. So, what should I be doing? Well, I don't want to become part of the day-to-day household duties. There must be a list of duties somewhere. Maybe that room where you keep the mud. You're dismissed. Dismissed, that means you can go to your room and retire for the evening. Good night, Carmen. Good night, boss man. So, let me get this straight. You think this woman right here, with this beautiful little girl is helping her whack job brother? I got to ask these questions, Ryan. This is my job. You're asking questions about a woman who has been warning everybody in Pine Valley about this guy since who's protecting my daughter from that guy, a daughter that she loves more than she loves herself, Jesse. Well, you know what? From what I've heard, you can't even remember most of Richie's time here in Pine Valley. I have been filled in. Obviously by your wife. By everybody. Jesse, everybody in town. Why don't you go ask one of them? Maybe you'll get some answers, ok? Annie is the victim in this. But she isn't here, Ryan. She's at a movie. Why is that so hard for you to understand? She's at a movie. She wanted to spend a little bit of time thinking about something other than her brother and his escape, or me and my amnesia. She wanted to spend a little time for herself. That's it, ok? That's all, like she doesn't deserve that. All right, calm down to help you here. That's what I'm trying to do. And I really need to talk to Annie. Well, you're not the only one. I mean, Richie's on the loose right now, and Annie's not picking up her cell phone. Sighs Yeah, it's Hubbard here. Give me the uniform detail. I want you to check all the local theaters for a woman fitting Annie Lavery's description. Yeah, start with the one on Fifth. I thought we had him. How in the hell did Richie escape? What if he's out there right now watching us? Ok, Babe, Zach and Aidan and J.R ., they're out there, and they will make that Richie doesn't come anywhere near us. Is it just me, or is this room getting smaller? It's ok, Greenlee. (Thud-outside) What the hell was that? I'm sure it was an This wasn't supposed to happen. Why didn't I frisk him? Frisk him? And then what, what are you going to book him next? No, I grabbed his hunting knife, but I should have checked him first. Yes, because checking him and getting in his business is exactly what we had on our agenda. All right, stop it, you two. Yeah, well, if she would stop blaming us. We didn't call the police right away. And done what? And tell them what? That, that we don't know if Richie's really here? Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What, what? Did you see that? What? That shadow by the window, did you see it? No, I All right. Oh, get, get something. Kendall, it's me. God,, you think you're the golden child, you ruined my life. " Just get over it, man. Get over it. Get over it, get over it? I have a husband at home. I have a daughter that I love, and I am here risking my life to help you. Oh, don't start polishing your halo now, sweetheart. You're not here to help me, you're here to help yourself. Ok, just shut up, ok? Oh, yeah, big, bad Richie makes poor Annie's life miserable, everything's so hard for you. I swear will pull this car over and kick you out. Oh, yeah, then what are you going to do? Are you going to drive off and leave me there to tell everybody I meet about your perfect little lie oh, oh, I mean, your life. I doubt you're going to do that. You really, you're the one that decided to be my enemy instead of my sister. I am your sister. Yeah, well, we could have been a great team, you know that? Instead you decided to send me off to prison. So, karma's a bitch, sis. No, if only they had gotten you the psychological help that I wanted Oh, why the shut up. Why do I need psychological help, huh? Why do I need it? Because I love you? Yeah, I love you. No, I've always loved you. I've always been there for you. I've always tried to help you. Help me? Yes. Help me, you lied to me about getting Greenlee out of my life. Instead you snagged Babe for yourself. How is that helping me? I didn't have a choice, ok? I didn't have a I didn't have a 's all bull, Richie. It's not bull, I'm serious. I don't know, I saw her and I thought maybe Babe can make life on the run more tolerable God, please, please, not even. Oh, what, after all those years in prison, because of you, I'm not entitled to just a little bit of happiness, just a little? You're alive, that's enough. Yeah, well, no thanks to you, ok? You, you destroyed my family. Which family? Which one are you talking about, sis? The one you're trying to snag onto now? Or the one that you ruined back in Chicago? Well, you know what? You pretty much ruined them both, Richie. Yeah, well at least I'm not the one who had Mom kill herself. Oh, stop it, stop it. Oh, it's true to prison. You might as well just have tied the noose yourself, sis. I loved Mom. Yeah, well, you have a funny way of showing it. I was not trying to hurt her. I don't hurt people on purpose like you do, Richie. Like what about Dad, Richie, why is dad deaf? That wasn't my fault. Ok, Dad, let's talk about Dad. How is your relationship with Dad now, huh? Oh, that's right. The only reason you talk to him is because of little Emma. That's because you've twisted things, Richie. Oh, your life has been a mess forever. Don't blame me for it now. Why wouldn't I blame you? It's your fault that I went to the first guy that would have me, Terry, and married him. Are you really sitting here right now and blaming me for your pervert ex-husband You have ruined my life. Annie, you know what? I think it's time we just, we just ended it now. We just part our own ways. I don't need you anymore, anyway, sis. I've got your money, and I've got your car. No Put this down, can I? I think we're all safe. Thank God she didn't hit you. I could have killed you. Yeah, but you didn't. Any sign of Novak? No, but when we heard the noise outside We thought it could have been him. Yeah, and so I grabbed something from the fireplace, and I'm sorry, Aidan. I almost hit you. It's ok. Yeah, but you didn't. Nobody got hurt. Right. Are you all right? We heard a scream. Who screamed? False alarm say it was me, Kendall got scared. Did you find anything? Yeah. We found what looks like to be a trail to the north. Novak may have left by that. What's going on? You're shaking. Hey. I just hate that Richie can get to me like this. Oh. You almost got us killed. What are you, crazy? Oh, do I need to answer that question really? I swear, if you want anything from me, and I mean anything, you will shut up and listen. Oh, come on, Annie, you shut up and listen. Come on, we're a team. I'm not going to hurt you. Oh, you really expect me to believe that? Look, you don't want to fight me, ok? You really just don't want to fight me. Threaten me again and this car goes nowhere. Fine one piece, and then your secrets are safe with me. Everybody wins. Good. Annie-and-Richie Good. Good. I want you gone. I mean it. I want you out of this town, I want you out of this time zone, and I want you gone for good this time. No coming back. I love you, too, sis. But I've got a better idea. Why don't I take your keys, and I just drive off into the sunset? We're the middle of nowhere, Richie. You're not leaving me here. But you'd leave me here, right? Don't worry, somebody will come along, they'll pick you up, and you can tell them the story about how big, bad Richie abducted you, took your car, kicked you to the curb, whatever you want to do. No, Richie, the last time people saw you, you were around this place Oh, so they would. Well, I guess, too bad for you. I am not taking a fall for you. I want you out of my car, and I want you out of my life. Do you understand? Just don't raise your voice to me, ok? And besides, you need to keep a level head if you're going to tell another convincing lie to your loving husband. That's it, get out. That's it I want you out Get the hell out (Richie-chuckles) Ryan, I'm just trying to understand the hold Richie has on Annie. The guy is a sociopath, Jesse, but he's still her brother. I mean, she wants him in prison, but she still cares about him. Ok. Well, that brother-sister connection could help us find him. I want his ass back in prison where he belongs. Well, that makes two of us, your job, and I will take care of my wife. Why can't we do both? She might have information. She told you all of the information that she knows. Well, maybe there's something that she just doesn't think is that important, which leads us to my job, to sort through the memories, the vague recollections. Anything could be a tip. Well, I I want to help you. I know you do. And trust me, I understand your wanting to protect your girl. Thank you. I'll have Annie call you, ok? (Pager-beeps) Listen, I've got to get back to the station. If you hear from her, Ryan, please You'll hear from her. All right. I don't want to go. Too bad, party's over. Seriously, I'm not going anywhere. I've had two crappy birthdays in a row still talking about how ridiculous it was. And the other one, I ignore it because the first one was so bad. Colby, get your stuff, we're out of here. No. I want some fun. Some presents. Happy birthday to me. Ah, ok, party's really over now. Mm. All right, let's do this. Maybe that's someone who actually wants to celebrate with me. Hello? Yes, yes, Cassandra, is that you? Adam Chandler here. Could I speak with my daughter? We're at this cabin at the end of Route 83. How's Babe doing? She's fine. She's shaken up, but she'll be ok. Yeah. Well, Novak's nowhere to be found. The ropes were cut. Somehow he escaped through this window. No sign of him? No, he's on foot. Good. All right, folks, we've got a scene. Thanks. I want you to bring out the dogs and get Forensics, get your hats. We're going into the woods. Let's move it. Let's go, come on, let's go. Jesse wants us to stay here, so he can take some statements. No, no way in hell. I'm getting Babe out of here. If waiting here means finding Richie, I'll stay. Well, whatever, someone can come to the house. I'm going home to my boys. Yeah, you go ahead. I'll stay. Uh, I don't think so, Greenlee. Oh, I get it. You're going after Richie. Aidan? Girls, I'll take you home, all right? No, no, no, no. Zach, you can't do this. I was the cops do their jobs? Did you call the cops earlier? I'll take Kendall and Greenlee home and make sure they get home safe. Good. I'll take Richie's car, you take mine. Ok, so we have no say in this. I think we did enough talking with the pepper spray. Aidan will take you home in your car, no arguments. Come here. Look, I just need to get her home. He traumatized her a lot more Calm down. Take her home, keep her safe. All right. You find this guy, you take care of him properly. It's done. Zach. It's going to be ok. Richie's got to be heading north away from town. No, no, damn it, you are not going out there alone. Mr. Chandler, hi, how are you? I am fine, I didn't get a chance to thank you for letting me come up here to the lodge with Colby. It's amazing up here, and I know Colby really appreciates it. You're very welcome. Now, where's my daughter? Where is your daughter? She's in the bathroom, taking a bath. A bath? At her birthday party? I know. It sounds strange, right? Um, well, what happened was we were we went for a walk, and she fell in the mud, so, yeah, it's crazy, I know. Well, would you have her call me when she gets out? Ok. Ok, sure. Bye. Just take it in for a minute before you decide that you hate it. Carmen, what in blazes are you doing? I couldn't find the rulebooks, so I worked on my uniform. Changed it up, blinged it out just I need something to do. I just got all this pent up energy from being stuck in a cell. You want to be productive? Pour me a Scotch. It's the decanter on the right. Sure thing. I've been doing a lot of this since I got here. Is this my new job here? Bartendress? When I need it to be, yes. You got anything more laid back to drink other than this stuff? You mean like a keg? Scoffs I know you wouldn't have a keg in a place like this. You might be surprised. When Krystal was here, we had 73 truckers with enough kegs to inebriate every one of them. Krystal was really good at keeping things keeping things humming. Krystal, isn't she the married woman that you were Must I repeat every order I give to you? That's it. Good night, you're dismissed. Go to bed. birthday girl? Fine. Then let's go. Where are your keys? I'm too wasted to drive. Exactly. Ok, ok, but nobody better puke in my new car. We're not the ones you have to worry about. She's not at any of the local theaters? Did you check with the staff, all of them? Keep looking. Put an APB out on her car. Annie Lavery. Richie Novak better be still breathing when we find him, because if somebody went vigilante on my watch, there's going to be hell to pay. Let's go, Babe. Not yet. I want to wait for the police. No, you know what? They can get your statement tomorrow. We're fine, Babe. Go home to your son. I can help them. No one is going to stay here for long. Yeah, and we can checked out at the hospital. No, no. If I'm not staying, I want to go straight home. Thank you, guys. Don't. No need. Seriously, you would have busted down doors for us. No, I mean it. I don't know what I would have done. Hey, listen, it's all good. Now, give me a hug. And you do owe us some cocktails. Deal. I know a really good bar. Now, how about you, mister? What? You're not stopping me. You're not going to win this one, Kendall. He's a big boy. He'll be fine. Besides, I don't think you have a choice. Just don't anything stupid. Of course not. And if you find Richie Hey, see you at home. Please tell me I did the right thing So, no one saw a woman that looks like that? No, she's alone. Ok, thank you. Hello? Ryan? Hey. You ok? I'm fine. You you haven't seen Richie? You're not with him? No. No, why would I be with why would I be with Richie? I don't know. I was just worried about you, you know, when you didn't answer your phone. Sorry, I turned my cell phone off in the movie. You got my note, right? Yeah, I did why don't I come pick you up? No, no. No, I'm fine. I'll drive myself home. You're sure you're ok? I'm sure. I'll be home soon. 
You want this, Krystal. You know you do. And I do, too. No no. Don't deny this, Krystal. You're wrong, David. I don't want this. Why am I here? I have to go. Where? Home. To my husband. To my family. Wait a minute. Why are you doing this? We both know you're going to end up right back here. Tad can not give you what you need. Only I can do that. Since when do you know what I need? Since we both lost the one person we loved most in the world. You want to be close to me. So do I. Stay with me, Krystal. Let us hold on to our daughter together. Get your hands off me, J.R. I mean it Oh Isn't this what you wanted? Huh? For me to love you like I loved Babe? You're What, first, it's the dress. What's next, Amanda, or should I say " Babe "? You going to dye your hair blonde? You look Get off Huh? Hey. You do what she says, or I'll call the police. Can I get this man set up for Radiology and prepped for surgery? Be very careful moving him, very careful. You all right? I'm fine. It's Aidan. He might not make it. Ugh. I was paged? Yeah, that that was me, Angie, actually. I was wondering maybe if if you could just just check out Emma for us. Hey, there. I heard you had quite an adventure. She, uh, inhaled some smoke. Yeah, and she was unconscious for a little while, so We got her checked out, but we just want to Hey, why don't you come with me, Emma? Ok, you go with Angie. We'll see you soon, ok? We almost lost her, Ryan. But we didn't. Thank God. Oh, my God. Thank God Emma is back, and she's safe, and everything's ok. Well, not everything, Annie. I mean, Aidan could still die. What? Don't tell me. No, no, honey, honey, no, I'm sorry. She's alive, but she's still in a coma. No change? Nothing? Nothing. Well, I have to see her. I have to tell her about all the drama she's missed. If that doesn't wake her up, I I don't know what will. Honey, you're not going to be able to do that because Kendall's gone. What do you mean? she with Zach? No, no, Erica found a facility for her up in Canada. She sent her daughter to another country? To get her help. But there is more. About Kendall? No, actually, this is, uh, this is about Erica. Well, it can wait. I couldn't care less what that woman is up to right now. Yeah, Greenlee, you can care about this, believe me. Just listen to me for a second, please. Erica took over Fusion. She did what? Well, she said no, J.R ., no. What's wrong with you, forcing yourself on her like that? I I didn't force myself on Amanda. Have been drinking again? No. Are you on drugs again? God, no. You're disgusting. What would Babe say if she saw you like this? Don't, don't even mention her name. It's all right. He's he's gone now. I can't believe that just happened. Look, Amanda. You need to call Jesse Hubbard. You need to report this. No, it wasn't like that. Amanda, I know what I saw. J.R. is an animal. He needs to be locked up. But I provoked him. You look at me. Nothing you could have ever done would warrant an attack like that. He didn't hurt me. Because I didn't let him. I mean, look at your dress. It's uh, never mind. It's forget it. Look. I'm sure that something in my dry cleaning here will fit you. Why don't you just take them and go and clean up? Use my bathroom. I, uh, thank you. Randi. I would now. Things are about to change around here, big time. Baby, I'm home. Angela? Rebecca. Hey. Not the woman you were expecting, eh? I'm sorry. That was a really bad joke. What are you where's Angela? She's at the hospital finishing her shift. Well, you've been released. That's good. That's great, that's great. That's good. Um, Natalia and I were on a plane to Denver, and Angie invited me to stay. She did? Ok I, um, I thought that it would be best for Natalia to be near you when look, I know this is really strange. Jesse, just just say the word, and and I'll go. I'll find another place to stay. I don't No, no, no, no, no. There's we're going to make it work. We'll make it work. Ok, lungs are all clear. Good, good. Hey, I'm, um, I'll be right back, ok? Do you need anything? No. No? Ok. (Greenlee-sighs) I get it. What I wouldn't give for a bubble bath and a nap. You ok? Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm hanging in. What what about you? How's Aidan? I don't know yet. Jake says it's going to be a while. Did you figure anything out? You mean about Annie? Yeah. Yeah, I know what I'm going to do. You really think that she set up Emma's kidnapping? I know she did, and I know she's not going to get away with it. Ok, Miss Emma. All set to go home. Hey. Well, I I don't know. Has Daddy been good? The best. Well, in that case, here you go, Daddy. Oh, ok, thank you very much, thank you. Listen, I'm going to go and get her release papers signed. Ok, thanks, thanks a lot. Yum. It's over. And, you, my love, get to go back to the penthouse. You know what? Mommy and Daddy are both going to take you home, both of us, where nobody can hurt you ever again. I won't let them. Hey. Well, hey. I, uh, was hoping I would get home before you did. Oh, what was that for? That was for being an amazing woman. Oh, I'm not that amazing. Yeah, you are. I can't believe you did this . Rebecca explain everything? Yeah, about how generous you were in inviting her to stay. Well, anyone would have done the same thing under the circumstance. No, that's not true. Anybody else would have put her on a bus to the airport, not cook dinner for three. She's dying, Jesse. Yeah, I don't I don't know what to say. I you know you don't have to do this. Yeah, you know, I I I do, because it doesn't matter how we got here. No one deserves to die alone. She's not alone. (Door-shuts) Ok. All right, where is it? Where's what? The scotch, the gin, anything. I don't care what kind. Well, now that you're living here again, I I had them empty the bar. Oh, yeah, that's, J.R. I just want to smell it, you know? I just want to hold it in my hand. And what would that accomplish? Oh, I don't know. Maybe if I could stop myself from taking a sip, I'd be able to control something, anything. J.R ., what's happened? My wife died. That's what happened. Is Jenny asleep? Yeah. Like a baby. Yeah, works out nice that way. Ok, ok. Look, here's the thing, ok? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I never meant to imply that there's some kind of grief quota out there, you're supposed to feel any way about any thing. I'm sorry. I I knew you were just trying to help. Yeah, well, I I didn't. (Krystal-sniffles) (Krystal-sighs) I miss her. I can't even describe how deep that the morning or after a nap, there is this one second, one beautiful second, of peace before I remember that she's gone. And then, it just hits me all over again. Someday baby, I swear to you, someday maybe it's not next week. Maybe it's not next month. Maybe it's not (Krystal-sniffles) Two to three years from now. I don't know, but someday, I promise you, that moment will last a little longer and a little longer and a little longer. It does get better. I know, I know. I know you lost Dixie, and you thought you lost Kathy, and I know how devastating that was, Tad, but this is different. I carried that baby. I carried her inside me, and I raised her from the day she was born all by myself. So, tell me what I can do. Please. Tell me tell me how That's just it. You can't. As some of you know I'm sure most of you do. I assume that. I am The Erica Kane. That's right, Pete. Thank you. Well, my daughter, Kendall, due to the most unfortunate of circumstances, is unable to maintain her duties as co-owner of this company at this time. Are you here to save our sinking ship? I am here to restore Fusion to its rightful place, but I'm not able to do that alone, so I would like to introduce you to the two newest members of our staff, Elizabeth and Joanna. They are competent. They are trustworthy, and they are going to be my eyes and ears during my tenure here. Welcome aboard, ladies. Brown-nose much? This, of course, as most of you know, I'm sure, is Val. Val is my personal assistant. Hi., so listen to him when he speaks. Given my celebrity, I'm sure that my reputation precedes me, but please don't be intimidated. I want you to know that I am approachable. In fact, I am always seeking innovative new ideas. In short, my door is always open. Well, that's great, because I actually have a few ideas about Fusion Oh, great. Thank you, Petey. Just not quite now. So in order to reestablish Fusion at the top of the heap where it belongs, there is quite a list of things we need to do. At the top of that list is finding the new face of Fusion. Randi, that's where you come in. Ok, great. I'll start researching available models. Randi. I want you to be the model. Kendall and Greenlee already tried that. She wasn't interested. Actually, I am. I mean, thank you. . That's fantastic. It's settled then. Ahem. It's nowhere near settled. Ugh. What the hell do you think you're doing? Do I still live here, Daddy? Of course, you do, sweetheart, of course. Everything is still exactly the same, ok? Your room, all your books, and all your toys and your gazillion stuffed animals. Does Mommy still live here, too? Yes, yes, we're still a family. God, I hope you know how much I love you, how much I need you, and I don't care who or what came before. I don't care what comes after, ever. Nothing and nobody is going to change that. Kiss me again. No, no. Kiss me like you mean it. Oh, darling, I always No, Tad, Tad, listen. You asked I need this. I am making Jesse's favorite, spaghetti and meatballs. I thought pot roast was your favorite? I've got a lot of favorites. Of course, toward the end, I had to stop making that because of the salt thing. Salt thing? He went to the doctors one day, and they told him he had high blood pressure. High blood pressure? All this time, you never said anything. You know, the the first meal I made that was low-sodium everything Oh, yeah, that chicken. I remember that. Tasted like cardboard. Uh, it wasn't that bad. Yeah, it was. It was horrible. Tasted horrible. Well, you know, it it took a few experiments. I had to experiment with different seasonings, but I figured it out eventually. Uh, well, the next time I go to the market pass me the salt? Thank you. Mommy, why did Aunt Di leave me alone in that church? We're all very lucky to have each other. Hey, look at me. We're all so lucky to have each other, you, me, Daddy, and Spike, right? But some people aren't so lucky. Like Aunt Di? That's right. And instead of being happy for us and how lucky we are, Aunt Di got jealous, because she wanted a family and couldn't have one. So she got angry and did mean things, and and, sweetheart, she tried to steal you. Well, maybe we shouldn't get into this right now. But but it didn't work, it didn't work. Why not? Because your mommy and daddy love you so much, and we would never let anything bad happen to you. Where honey. Come here. She's gone, and and she's not coming back. I will always protect you, ok? Always. We both will. Um, should I close the door Hi, I'm Pete On my way out? That's an excellent idea. Randi, don't forget about the fundraiser we're working on. Consult with Val. Of course. What fundraiser? You can thank me any time, Greenlee. You're serious? For what? For saving Fusion. For saving you. No, whatever you think you've done for me, you can just The lawsuits have been dropped against Fusion. The FDA has been taken care of, and, in addition to that, I have actually attained fresh capital in order to fund a new line of cosmetics for this company, and, hopefully, that will all be enough to put off all the disaster sorry. Have I missed something here? I I feel like I'm in " The Twilight Zone. " Do you? Well, which part are you having trouble with? Well, for starters, the part where you've turned our lounge into what is this place? A house of worship? Your own personal shrine? It's my office. You don't work here. I do now. Oh, because you say so? You have no right. I have every right. Since when? Since my daughter Kendall fell into a coma. Greenlee, Kendall gave me proxy. This company is 50% mine. Jesse, will you say grace? Sure. Thank you, Lord, for this food we're about to receive. Thank you for the generous hands that prepared the food. Please give us the strength and the courage to handle life's hurdles and the love and support to get through are truly blessed. May I add something? Sure. Angie, I would like to thank you for opening your arms and inviting me into your home. You have gone way beyond what was asked of you, and I am so grateful. Well, this really looks good. Well, let's just hope it tastes that way. Yeah, may I? You want some Thank you. No, thank you. Ahem. What? Do you remember how we used to always have to bribe Natalia? Oh, she hated vegetables. She wouldn't touch a vegetable to save her life. What was that we used to say? No leafy greens No ice cream. Right. She had the the biggest sweet tooth you can imagine. It was just it was unbelievable. Oh, I am so sorry. What happened? Uh, I remembered some files that I tomorrow. Uh, no, I can't, because I have an early consult, and I need to read over the case. I won't be long. Well, we'll just we'll just save this and wait No, no, please. Go ahead and eat, uh, the two of you. Uh, I wasn't that hungry anyway. Angela? I don't believe this. Kendall gave you her proxy? Legal proxy. I am more than capable of running my own company. Oh, Greenlee, let's be honest. This is Kendall's company. Really? Because I'm pretty sure we came up with the idea together. Uh, Greenlee. You wouldn't know an original idea if it leapt up and bit you in that trust-funded derriere of yours. This is ridiculous. I love Fusion. I am Fusion. I see. So is that why you tantrum and gave away all your shares? Ok, I don't know what psychedelic drug Kendall was on when she gave you the rights to this place, but your services are not needed. Oh, no? While you were off somewhere with Ryan, this company almost went under, and thank God I was here to save it. I'm not going anywhere, Greenlee. You get used to that. And be grateful. It's this house. I see Babe everywhere. I think I hear her laughing, and it turns out it's the TV, or I think I smell her, you know? But it's some residual perfume on the pillow. I know how it's extremely difficult. Difficult, Dad? It's tearing me from the inside out. Don't you see, son? It's natural. It's a defense mechanism. You don't want her to be gone, so your mind tries to convince you She's dead, and I realize I I've got to move on with my life, because Little Adam needs me, but, God, it's just so damn hard. You're not alone, son. If there is anything I can do Don't you think you've done enough? I mean, if you would've just left us alone, my wife would still be alive. I mean, why couldn't you just leave us alone? That's it. That's good. Get it out. Get it all out. It's good. It's important to grieve. Don't don't Don't tell me that it's healthy. Don't tell me that everything's going to be ok, because it's not ok, Dad Nothing is ok I've got to I've got to live with that. So, what the hell happened to you before, and why did you I really don't want to get into it. What about you? What about me? You don't want to be the face of Fusion, and now, suddenly you do? What happened? I don't know. When Kendall and Greenlee first brought it up to me, I had I had just left my job. Fletcher was still alive. I don't know. Things are just different now. Now? Yeah. I mean, I've got Frankie and you, and it took me so damn long, but I can finally work that computer. I know what I'm doing around here. That's great, seriously, but, I mean, what about your clients? Are you worried, you know, they're going to see a picture of you and maybe go straight to the press, or something? Uh-uh. See, they out me, they out themselves. I'm in a totally different place now even recognize me. Oh. Should I call a coroner or an ambulance? Oh, Erica's still alive, for the time being. So, what do we do now? You get to work. Right, but I mean, do we answer to you or Answer to me. This is my company, and I'll let my roots grow out before I let that diva take it from me. Ryan? I know you told Emma that this is our home, and I'm glad, because that's exactly what she needed to hear, but if you didn't mean it, I understand. I meant it. Really? From this point on, I just want to look to the future. To the future. To our future. Hello? Erica. Adam. Well, welcome home. Uh, no no need to use the doorbell. I Is he home? Well, why do you want to know? Because he almost raped an employee of mine. What are you doing here? I wanted to return this. The whole point is to wear it. Wait a minute. What the hell happened here? J.R. happened. Your plan backfired, David. The dress didn't make him want me. It made him want to kill me. Do you want to go after her? No. I think she might need a little time to herself. Because of me. (Jesse-sighs) I am so sorry. No, would you just stop apologizing? It's not it's not ab don't apologize, ok? Does that go for confessions as well? Uh-oh. I knew, Jesse. Knew what? When I pushed you away, told you to go back to Angie, I knew that I was dying months. Well, why didn't you say something, Rebecca? Well, it would've made it more difficult for you to go, and you had to go, Jesse. And Natalia? I had gathered your contact information, and I had put it into a safe-deposit box, and she was supposed to open it after I had died. That way, you would've had time to reconnect with your family, and she would've had time to get over her anger. Well, some of it, at least. But she she found out about that box early. Ahem. And just had to see what was in it, right? Yeah, I guess it must've been the cop in her. Yeah. Look, I'm sorry. Just it made perfect sense in my mind. You know, you she would've told you what had happened and explained everything, and you would've found a way to . Of course, I would've, but the thought of you going through this on your own, Rebecca, that Jesse, I'm not alone. I'm not alone because of you and Angie. No, you're not alone. You got friends. You got family. Hey. Is Emma sleeping? Yeah, I don't know how, but I know how. Because you've reassured her. You made her feel safe. You do that for me, too. Hope you don't mind. I opened a bottle of wine. Here you go. (Annie-sighs) To Emma. And to having her back home with us. (Glasses-clink-together) I know it was you, Annie. You know what was me? You set up the entire kidnapping, and you framed Di to take the fall. It was you. The whole time. That's what are you talking about? I get why you slipping away, and you fought for it. Ryan, I have no idea where you got this from. I knew you loved me, Annie. I really did. I knew you did, but I had no idea how much. Until now. How is he? Uh, well, he's unconscious, but stable. What happens now? Well, we do surgery, and since you're his wife, I'm going to need your consent. Well, well, wait a minute. I mean, if he's stable, can't we just wait? See if he comes out of this on his own? The bullet is up by the aorta. That means if it moves even a fraction of an inch, it could kill him, and that's why we rushed here. Do you remember? So I could perform surgery the right way with the right equipment. I know, I know, I know it, can you promise me he's going to make it? I wish that I could say yes, but I can't. But I know it's a tough decision, but it's it's one that you're going to have to make. Did you assault Amanda Dillon? We got into it, yeah, but I never assaulted her. He nearly ripped her dress off. I you just I've warned you to stay away from that woman. She's poison. That's it? This is your idea of a reprimand? You don't understand what you were walking in on. Yes, I understand exactly what I was walking in on. That dress Amanda that was wearing? That was Babe's dress. She was wearing it t To manipulate you, yes. I knew it. No, no. Now that I think about it, take a step back, I 's what she was doing, Dad. Haven't you learned anything? Don't get sucked in by her. Amanda Dillon will rob you blind. I'm done, ok? You can take J.R. down by yourself. Don't even think about walking out that door. You don't need me, David. You're wrong. Find someone else to get J.R. back on the bottle. Believe me, turning J.R. into a drooling, pathetic drunk is just the beginning. I want so much more, starting with my grandson. And with your help, I will have it all. Are you ok? You want to talk? I just want to you to make love to me again. Just can't keep me out of your head, can you? What? What, you ok? Hey, no, no, no, no, no. Don't you even move What are you laughing at? (Rebecca-chuckles) It took being here to know for sure. This home, this life. It's where you belong. This is surreal. I mean, just a few months ago, I'd look at Aidan, and I saw the rest of my life. Now? We've never been further apart. I shouldn't be making this decision for him. Give me the form. You're doing the right thing. Greenlee. Don't sign it. Don't sign it. I have no idea what you're talking about. Where did you stash the money? Money? Oh, my God. You really think I would steal from you? And from Greenlee. And then set Di up to take the fall. It was actually a really good plan, Annie. You're insane. Admit it. Admit what? Admit that you were behind the kidnapping. Why jail? Keep Emma away from me forever? Such a shame. You could've had everything, but now, I will make sure you end up with nothing. 
Well, maybe we could stand up on the bar and tell everyone to get the hell out Or maybe we can get them to lend a hand, you know? It's a benefit for Pine Valley. Think we're going to do a lot of good? If we can get some big spenders to open up their wallets, maybe. Ooh, I think I see one now. Watch me pounce and get an early donation. (Reese-chuckles) Hi there. Hi, I'm Reese Williams. I'm, uh, Bianca's partner. Hi, J.R. Chandler, nice to meet you. I'm looking for Amanda Dillon. Have you seen her? You son of a bitch. Just can't keep me out of your head, can you? What's wrong? (Krystal-pants) Did you have a bad dream? Hmm? It's ok, sweetie, you're here, you're safe. It's all right, come on.n't. Baby, it was just a bad dream. It was a dream about David. Turning J.R. into a drooling, pathetic drunk is just the beginning. I want so much more, starting with my grandson, and with your help, I will have it all. You want to take J.R .' s son away from him? What did you think I wanted, Amanda, to get J.R. drunk, so I can steal his marbles? Come on. And you just saw firsthand what kind of a man he really is. Look what he did to you. That wasn't fair, what you had me do, dressing up like Babe. All right, ok, all right, look, the dress thing was a big mistake. My fault, ok? I didn't anticipate him being quite as disturbed as he apparently is. But it did prove, however, that the man is not fit to raise that, are you going to help me or not? I want to know what you meant. About what? About wanting more. How much more are you after? No. Don't sign it. They have to get the bullet out. It's in a very dangerous place. They have to operate. I'll be outside, ok? Ok. You don't understand? They say you could die if you don't have the surgery. It all went wrong. What did? Emma's kidnapping. Annie's whole plan. It's my fault. What do you mean? I knew about it, Greenlee. I was part of it. I was in on the whole thing. Admit it, Annie. Admit what? That you were behind the kidnapping. Oh, right, so you can haul me off to jail and keep Emma from me forever? Such a shame I will make sure you end up with nothing. Put the gun down, Annie. You can't do this. I can't do what? Take it all away We're all together again. This is how it's supposed to be. We're a family. We've Emma back, and you and I I love you, Ryan. I know, Annie, I know. Everything you did is because of that. It has to go back to being the way it was. Ok, well, then just put the gun down. No, but you want to take it all away. No, I don't, I want to help you, Annie. I want to do what's best for you and for Emma and and and for us, ok? I just want the truth. Stop, please. Please don't make me do this. Bianca, what the you did to Amanda Dillon. Bianca, what's going on? Your mother has a tendency to exaggerate. You tried to rape Amanda. I did not try to rape her. I got angry with her. She was wearing Babe's dress. I blew a fuse. Oh, like you did the night that you threw me off a balcony? That was an accident. I didn't come down here to get chewed out for old mistakes. I got angry with her, it wasn't her fault and why the hell am I explaining this to you? Hey, what was that all about? I don't know. My grandson is all I'm interested in. Now that Babe's gone, it's all I want. It's all I care about. Huh. Your mask slipped a little bit there. Tell me what else, or should I say who else? What, is it Krystal? just want to steal her away from Tad to hurt him? You know something? Now you're starting to annoy me. I'm starting to figure out what you're up to. You're here to settle a lot of old scores, aren't you? Adam, J.R ., Tad (David-chuckles) I got to tell you, Amanda, you got quite the imagination. Everyone else is trying to rebuild this town. You come back determined to tear it up again. What, all because of Babe? All right, that's enough. Get out. Don't even dream about saying anything to anybody, you hear me? Ok, I hear you. You want to talk about it? (Krystal-sighs) David just keeps showing up in my dreams kind of like in those movies where the bad guy you think he's dead and then, wham, there he is. Well, as much as I may hate his guts people share a child, two people lose a child, there's a bond. No, but you know, we didn't make Babe out of love. I mean, David Hayward was one mistake on some lonely night. David has absolutely nothing to do with who Babe was. I'm not implying he does. I just wish I would dream about Babe. I mean, I wish she would just come to me and talk to me and tell me that she's ok, but no. Honey, honey, honey, you're doing it again. So you had a dream about Hayward, big deal. That's all it was, was just a dream. No, they're more than that. They're more like premonitions, you know? And they scare the hell out of me. Yeah. Hey, I really think, uh, you should get down here. I know it's late but Oh came out of surgery ok. Well, that's the thing. He hasn't even gone in yet. He just woke up and, apparently, he doesn't want to do it. I I don't understand but I was thinking, you know, maybe you're his old pal Thanks for calling. I I'll be right there. Baby, I got to get to the hospital. No, I'll come with you. You can't do this, Annie. You can't shoot me. Your little girl's right upstairs, and she'll always know that Mommy shot Daddy and killed him. And above all else, you have always wanted to protect and be there for Emma. Emma needs her family back. She needs a home with her mother and her father. She she needs to feel safe. I know, I know. And despite everything that you've done, you've always wanted to was her fault. If that's true, then why are you pointing a gun at me right now? Because you refuse to see, Ryan. You refuse to accept that she's made a fool out of you. She's been using you. Greenlee. Annie saw how angry I was. She saw how empty I felt. She took a chance. She told me that she had a plan. She was going to get Ryan away from you. She swore to me that Emma would be safe. She would get Ryan back and then the and I would get you back. And this was this was right before the tornadoes hit. And then what happened? I came looking for you and Ryan (Aidan-winces) And I was going to tell you everything that that Annie told me. ( Aidan-winces, -then-sighs ) And then I saw you and Ryan together. You were looking at Ryan the way you once looked at My whole world had turned upside down. It's Greenlee making all these insane accusations and you're believing her, because she wants to take Emma away from me again, because because she wants to take away all my hope. This isn't Greenlee, Annie. This is me, ok? Now, I I want you to look at me, just just really look at me and know that all I'm after here is the truth, ok? That's it. For Emma's sake and and and for our family's sake, ok? And if you want to shoot me because of that, then you're going to have to go ahead and shoot me, because I'm not going to leave here any other way without knowing exactly what happened. Now, if you did do it, I just want you to think of Emma, and I want you to tell me the truth, ok, and I will help you you. It's true, all of it. I planned the whole thing. God help me, I had to have you back, and it was the only way the only way. Tell me. Tell me everything. My whole world was falling apart. I lost you. I lost Emma. Nobody believed me that I was being stalked or that I had been attacked. That part was real, Ryan, I swear. I had to do something or else I was going to go crazy, and I couldn't let that happen. I needed to I needed to feel in control of something again. I needed to get it all back. How could you possibly have thought that kidnapping our daughter would get it all back? Greenlee's blinded you. She's tricked you. She's tricked you into thinking you still have the same feelings for her that you used to have, but you don't. I know you don't, plan wasn't perfect. Ok, I know that, and I know some things went wrong, but you have to know that I always made sure that Emma was safe. But Emma wasn't safe, was she? Well, I didn't know that Di was going to turn on me like that. But she found out what was happening. She just decided to take things into her own hands. I swear, Ryan, that was not an act. If I hadn't fought her for that gun, she would have killed me. If she had just kept her mouth shut and waited, everything would have been fine but instead Instead, Aidan is in the hospital, and he could die. Then the tornadoes had passed, and I found out that Annie had gone through with her plan. Why didn't you tell Ryan or the police? I didn't know everything that Annie had planned, where Emma was or who else that I could find Emma, and I could bring her back safe, if I could just play along with with Annie, if I could just make Annie believe that I was doing this to get you away from Ryan. When were you going to say something? When I knew that Emma was safe. I screwed up. My feelings get in the way. I understand. What? Why you don't believe me. But I do. I do believe you, and Annie's not going to get away with this. But before you help put her away, you have to give them permission to fix you up. I've I've told you everything that you need to know. Now just just go away. Oh, Tad, Tad, you go ahead. Um, I'll be right there. Hey. Are you ok? Something happen at home? Jesse was already home with Rebecca when I got She knew him better than I did. I'm sure she felt the same way about you. A part of me couldn't take it and part of me felt that I should give Rebecca time alone with Jesse. She has so little of it left. Now I'm regretting it. Keeping a marriage on track isn't easy. I mean, it's tough enough as it is without somebody popping up from the past, somebody with a deep connection. Complicates the hell out of things. Complicates? That's an understatement. Angie, I don't know anybody who could have been as together or as understanding as you've been. Oh, God, you know to to hell with being so damn understanding. I'm sick of it. So, what the hell's going on with Aidan? You'll have to find that out yourself. I can't get through to him. Maybe you can. Please try. why can't you get through to him? Believe me, Jake, I'm the last person he needs right now. I've been looking for you. (Amanda-gasps) What do you want? To say I'm sorry. Now they bring in the big guns. Nah. Just a good friend, I promise. (Aidan-sighs) Besides, what are you bitching about? I'm unarmed. Yeah, well, I'm glad well, someone already got there first. Yeah, so I hear. Hurts, doesn't it? So, why are you standing in the way of everybody around here? Let them do their jobs. This this operation is risky. I don't like the odds. Really? (Tad-chuckles) Well, when have you ever given a damn about the odds? Huh? The odds are worse if you don't get that operation. Come on. You're a soldier. You know going to shift. If it tears anything open around the neighborhood of your heart, things are going to get messy real quick. Well, you can have my stuff when I'm gone. Really? Oh, sweet. I feel so much better. You know, I walked in here, I was bummed because, you know what's the deal, Fish and Chips? Why are you standing in the way of this operation? I screwed up. Oh. No, you didn't, mate. Emma's alive. And Di is dead. And Greenlee would have been, too, if I hadn't dived in the way of that bullet. That's the last thing I wanted to have happen, Aidan getting hurt, but I didn't shoot him, Di did. She was aiming for you. All I was thinking about was you and Emma. Think back with me, think back to our wedding day. I know I've made some mistakes. But loving you wasn't one of them. I mean, was that really so wrong of me to fall in love with you? No, Annie. So then, why can't you just admit how you feel about me? I know I know you love me, Ryan. Otherwise, you would have gone to the police the second that you thought that I was involved in this kidnapping, but you didn't. It had to be for a reason. There was a reason, Annie. I wanted to make sure that Emma was all right. I think you also wanted to make sure that I was all right. Don't deny it, Ryan. I saw it in your eyes. And that island, that morning, I felt it in your kiss. Tell me you still love me. Door-opens-and-Greenlee 2-appears Hey. Hey. You ok? Yeah I I'm sorry, I just It's ok, it's ok. I understand. It's just it's the I get it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think once those, uh, those buttons are just pushed really easily. Once it's happened to you, the emotions just kind of hover right below the surface, waiting to jump out when you least expect it. My mother went through it, too. And much as I hate to admit it, she could have blown what happened to Amanda out of proportions. Ok, still, he could have been more sensitive about it. J.R.? Sensitive? That's just not who he is. Did he really did he push you off a balcony? Yes, he he did, but I'm I'm still not sure if he intended to push me as hard as he did. What? Did I scare 've never seen you like that, that's all. I mean not not to that degree. Well, I mean, like I said, button pushed. Look, I don't mean to be insensitive, sweetie, because I know I know what you dealt with after going through the rape but are you sure that's the button that's being pushed? What do you mean? You remember that time outside Le Topierre when that guy was shoving that girl? He was harassing her. You went off on him but you were calm, you were cool. I don't know, I'm just getting the feeling that it's something else. Yeah, you're right. Go, please. I really need to talk to you. Not now. No, that's ok. Stay. If anyone can help Ryan understand what I did, it's you. What are you talking about? 'll tell her. It's true. I kidnapped my own child. So, you put Ryan through hell, you're responsible for Di Henry's death, and maybe Aidan's. Now, now, now, Greenlee, let's not talk about me. I want to talk about you, because you know exactly how I feel, because you've done the exact same thing. I kidnapped Emma, you kidnapped Spike. (Greenlee-chuckles) I'm not you. Really? Really? Because everything you've done lately has been because you're in love with Ryan all the lies you've told him, all the lies you've told Aidan. So are we really that different? Greenlee has nothing to do with this, ok, Annie? Oh, but doesn't she, though, Ryan? Look at her. Look at her. There's guilt all over her face. She knows she's responsible. From the day she sent the police to over her hands. Isn't that right, Greenlee? Guilty, guilty, guilty. (Greenlee-laughs) If they give you some chalk, maybe you can write that on the walls of your cell. Shut up All right, that's enough. That's enough. Mommy, what's wrong? And I guess losing Greenlee has nothing to do with this. No. You're a liar. Come on, Fish and Chips, who do you think you're talking to? You don't think I know what it's like to have to start all over again, to have what you always dreamed of only to find out you were wrong? Yeah, it sucks, but it's not worth throwing in the towel over. Nothing is. Oy, look at me. I need you. I need you here. I'm not saying you get out of here we're going to go down to Lacey's and start picking out curtains Babe. I need my partner. Something happens to you, it'll break my heart. So stop being a stubborn son of a bitch, sign the release to get you out of here. Once we do, I will beat the hell out of you three times a day. I promise. Seeing you in Babe's dress I don't know. I just kind of snapped. It was bad judgment on my part. Still, yelling at you like I did trying to rip it off that was it was just wrong. Thank you for the apology. Are you all right here? The place looks a little tore up. Yeah, well, I'm just lucky it didn't all get swept out to sea, I guess, by the tornadoes. I mean, I want to take it to the dry dock for repairs, but the damn engine's out. And with the whole town needing to be fixed, take a look at your engine for you. You know, I did work on a tramp steamer. I know a few things about boats. Oh, no. I mean, thank you, but I'll get it looked at someday soon. Hey, I'm just trying to make up for what I did any way I can. Do me a favor. Let me look at that engine. Ok. Go ahead. See what you can do. You know, I don't I don't know what it is. Maybe it's just everything. I mean, I do have how many of the top 10 causes of stress in my life right now? Moving, new baby, planning a wedding, loved one in the hospital. Yeah, that loved one in the hospital you have been feeling guilty about for a little over nine months. Come on, I saw how many times you tried to pick up the phone and call should have called. I should have told her. Yeah, and you will still have your chance. You will. Ok? And when you tell her and everything's said and done, she's going to be hugging you and her brand-new little niece. You don't know my sister. No, but I know you. Oh, sweetie. Hello. Whoa-ho-ho. Are we interrupting something? No, we were just waiting for you guys. Well, we're here. We're ready to work, and I've brought some help. Hi. This is Natalia. I hope I'm not in the way. No. Nice to meet you. It's nice to meet you. Hi. Nice to meet you, too. The woman is dying. She deserves some happiness and caring. So, I feel like I'm pushing Jesse back to her, and I'm getting madder atn't be. I mean, he didn't go looking for this woman. And the situation that he's in I mean, no one could predict what was going to happen. And I'm still in shock. Of course, you are. Emotions aren't supposed to be rational. And like I said, you try to dam them up, and you're just going to build a big old pool of resentment. You need to have this conversation with Jesse. Uh, it's my cue to leave. How you doing, Babe? Good. (Jesse-sighs) Well, Rebecca finally went to sleep. Did you find those files you needed? I didn't need any files. I made it up. Figured as much. I was feeling like a third wheel. You've got to be kidding me, Angela. A third wheel? You have gone so far above and beyond the call of duty here with your compassion, with That's not what I'm feeling. Do you know how hard this is for me? Of course, I know. I mean, I know that Rebecca is dying, and I am so sorry for the pain that she is going through, but But? Come on, go ahead. Go on. And I finally got you back, and now I feel like I don't have you back. I mean, not not really. And I know that I shouldn't I shouldn't think like that, because that's not what really is happening, but, oh, my God, it's tearing it's tearing me up. Tad, how's Aidan? Stubborn as a mule, but they're getting ready for surgery. I'm going to scrub. All right. You're not scrubbing in for anything. What are you doing here? I just received a page telling me How many lawsuits do you honestly believe this hospital can handle? Go away, Hayward. I work here, Tad. What's your excuse? David, stop this. Aidan needs the surgery tonight. You're just acting out of spite. I am simply acting as a responsible cardiac surgeon who knows that this man is not capable of performing this procedure. You're acting like an idiot. Move. I'm scrubbing. Isn't this where you take a swing at me and tell me to stay away from your family? Oh, it's ok, my sweetheart. We were just, um we're all so excited to have you back, and we were all just celebrating. That's all. No worries. You watch Annie. I'm going to make sure Emma is ok. Ok. Hey, sweetheart. Mommy Mommy is ok. She's so happy that you're home, but you should So, I'll take you back upstairs, ok? I love you, Emma. I'm going to win, you know. Ryan's not going to turn me in. He wouldn't do that to his daughter, and she means more to him than anyone or anything and that includes you. You may be right about Emma. Do you really think Ryan would call the cops on me? Ok. Well, I have an appointment to get to, so Stay right there. Don't take another step. All right, ladies. I've got some tunes incoming. (Dance-music-plays) Ok. (Natalia-chuckles) As I'm walking the beat On the ground As I walk to the beat There is a ton of work to be done. I'm going to crack the whip. Oh, no, no, no, no, you don't. Come on. I would rather dance. But found your culprit. Carburetor needs to be rebuilt. You know how? Sure. I just need a few parts. Where do we get them? Actually, there are some old engines that have been dumped at the boathouse. I could probably scavenge what we need tonight. Oh. Well, that's really nice of you, but there's no rush. Oh, no. It's no big deal. It's better than sitting at home. Oh, wait, wait a sec. (Amanda-chuckles) Hold on. You have grease all over your face. Come here. There. I know this is tearing you up, but you can't hold something like this inside. This is what makes us sick, and we start making bad decisions. I know. I've been there. When you left tonight, all I could think about was you and how you must really be hurting inside, because you've got to keep want to I want to be so mad at you. I want to be so mad at you and at times, I am mad at you, but I can't stay mad at you, because I love you. I love you, and I know I know how much you love me. I know you do. Oh, God, I All right. Let's get this show on the road. Just a minute. This is my operating theater. Get out. Out. I want you out. I went over your daddy's head, hotshot. I'm here at the request of the board of directors. So you can start your cutting, but I'm here to assist. And when you screw up which we both know you will I'll be here to take over. You have my gun. Ryan didn't want you going anywhere. Huh. Well, I guess there's been fooling myself. But you got to admit I went for it. (Annie-chuckles) I doubled down big-time. I just happened to have run out of luck and lost. This isn't a game. These are people's lives. You're right. You're right and sometimes in life you have to accept failure. Isn't that true? In retrospect, I guess I really shouldn't have pushed so hard. It's my nature, really. In all modesty, I'm a clever woman, but I'm also very passionate, and sometimes the heart trumps the brain. (Annie-giggles) I guess I just loved too much. (Annie-sighs) Well, I think it's time I just quietly slipped into the sunset, don't you? What are you doing? Don't move. No, I just feel a little faint. I'm going to go get some fresh air. What is going on? What Oh, Greenlee has been made a fool of myself, Ryan chasing after you the way I have? To be honest with you, I think I've been pretty damn pathetic. But she's made it really clear what I have to do. Annie It's the event of the season. Oh, my God This time, no one's going to interfere with our wedding. Who did you hurt with the knife, Annie? 
Why didn't you tell me they were dead? The meeting with Adam is critical if we're going to secure funding for the valve. The source of the money shouldn't factor into your decision. Dr-.-Chappell No, but it's well known the Chandlers are all about the financial bottom line. I'm sorry, Scott. I know that you're family, but I'd rather go with other funding. What in this economy? Look, you don't have to like my uncle. Just thank him for the check and focus on the valve. Dr-.-Chappell I can't do it. Cancel the meeting. I don't believe it Erica Kane. The Erica Kane just came in. She's a walking dream. What are you doing? Oh, didn't I mention that Erica will be working on this project with Adam? Good morning, gentlemen. Hi, there. Um, this is Corrina Gonzales. I drop Emma off at school sometimes. Mr. Lavery wanted feeling well, so she won't be coming into school today. Oh, I'm sure you're going to ace your spelling test, unless of course, we miss the bus, because the bus is down there waiting right now. It's going to leave if we're late. You've got your bag. You've got your lunch. You've got your sweater. You've got everything you need. Uh-oh. Kiss and hug, hug and a kiss. And a hug. One more kiss. I'll see you after school, ok? Straight down to the bus. Straight down. Hi, hey. Hi, sweetheart. Hello, fellow vets. I uh oh, no. Hello, fellow vets. I'm Hello? How is the hottest motivational speaker in the greater Orlando area doing today? That guy is sweating right now. Don't. You'll be great. I just you. I'm sure going to need it, because I've been practicing my speech all morning in front of the mirror, and I still can't get the damn thing right. There's nothing to get right. Listen, that auditorium will be full of vets just like us. They will automatically love you. So what are your plans for today? I don't know. I might go for a run. Nice, sounds good, which reminds me. I actually have to run myself. So wish me luck. Love you. I love you, too. Good luck. Adam is very interested in funding your heart valve, Dr. Chappell. May I call you Geoffrey? Dr-.-Chappell Yes, of course. Well, Adam will tell you himself when you meet him. Is he feeling all right? Oh, yes, yes, yes, he's fine. Adam has had some health issues. Dr-.-Chappell Well no, no. Just you know what I think? I think that men like Adam just throw themselves so completely into their work that they tend to get a little rundown. From what I hear, I'm sure you're just as dedicated to your profession, although you don't look rundown at all. Laughter Dr-.-Chappell Well, creating a valve replacement that will help so many people, it's my life. That's why I'm so thrilled when I heard that Mr. Chandler's interested in funding my research. Dr. Chappell was just sharing that with me when you joined us. Well, I am sure that our meeting this morning is going to be a very, very productive one. Oh, good morning. Good morning. I hope I'm not interrupting. J.R ., Dr. Geoffrey Chappell. Doctor, J.R. Chandler. Dr-.-Chappell It's a pleasure. I hope we'll be working together in the near future. We guess you haven't spoken with your father this morning. Adam is so enthusiastic. In fact, we are meeting on the project this morning. Dr-.-Chappell Is there a problem? No, no problem at all. How could you do this to me? You're enjoying this. Actually, I'm not. I have a meeting I have to attend, so if you wouldn't mind leaving No, no, listen. No, you asked me to do something. I did what you wanted. I betrayed my husband. I lost my marriage. I'm not going anywhere until you tell me everything. You owe me that much. Fine, fine. Ahem. For answers. As painful as your secrets have been to me, they do produce a certain fire in your eyes. Perhaps you'd like to get some new secrets? What secret? David, what are you doing here? What secret are you holding over really want to know I can't miss my bus. Oh, that's ok, sweetheart. You won't you don't have to go to school today. I have a spelling test. Oh, and I'm sure you know every single word, but it's just so beautiful out. I thought that we could go to the park and have a picnic lunch like we used to. I don't think Daddy would like that. Oh, Daddy won't mind. I'll tell you what. I'll test you on all your words at our picnic, ok, and I will give you a big gold star just for being you. I would give you a whole galaxy of stars if I could. Ok, let's go. Ready? Come on. Hey, Jesse, what's up? What do you mean, " she escaped "? Emma Ladies and gentlemen, it is to the stage a very close friend and someone whose own road to recovery has overcome amazing leaps and bounds. If I can bring my friend to the stage Brot Monroe. Good morning, or should I say " Good afternoon " now? You know, it's a pleasure to be here today, and it's a great honor for me to be able to share my story with all you guys here this evening. To be amongst so many veterans and so many men and women that have paid such a price for the thing we love to call freedom. I proudly enlisted in the United States Army in September of 2002. No different than every single one of you in this room, you proudly joined your respective branches. You courageously took that oath to wear a uniform and to fight for other people's freedom. In April 2003, I was driving a Humvee through the city called Karbala when my front-left tire ran over a landmine. I was trapped inside the vehicle. they're going to hand her a flag. My friends, my family is this where my life ends? " And thinking to myself, " I don't want to lose that. I've got to get back, and I've got to hang in. I've got to fight just a little bit more. Fight, that's all I got to do. I got to hang in there and believe in the guys who are going to come and save me. " I spent 34 months in a hospital and underwent 32 surgeries which consisted of skin graphs and plastic surgery, and it was painful. And I questioned it all the time, whether I needed to have more and more and more. It was difficult for me to be in a hospital and to have people look at me, to have children run away from me and be afraid of me for what like, I felt I wasn't a normal person. You know, the thing that I learned can't push people away. There's people that love you. There's people that care about you. There's people that are willing to embrace you no matter what your appearance may be, no matter what your physical disability may be. They want to love you. They want to help you. They want to take that road with you. People love you, people appreciate you, and there's one thing that I've learned. Now that you leave the military, leave the same way you came in proud and courageous. Because there's not many people that can do what you've done. There's not many families that can go through what you guys have gone through. Understand that, know that, own it, be proud of it, because you've done a great service to this country. My story is your story. Your story is my story. And I carry it with me every single day, and it motivates me to live my life this opportunity to speak to you, and God bless every single one of you. Thank you again. It was a pleasure. Why don't you and I head over to Adam's, and he can tell you himself? Ok. I expect a call with good news later. Nice meeting you. Dr-.-Chappell You, too. What the hell do you think you're doing? I'm getting funding for my project. I told you I would take care of that. Yeah, well, you didn't. At least not fast enough. So you went behind my back? Well, your father sees an opportunity he's smart enough to go for. That's why he's a success. You could learn something. I'm not the one who needs a lesson in business. You tanked your production company. Why should we even give you another dime? I don't know save lives maybe. to advise my father not to invest. What is your problem? People are dying. The sooner we get funding, the sooner this goes public. Oh, you're good, really. Real freaking sincere, too. You know, I don't know what's going on with you, but I'm going to get to the bottom of it. It must be hell to be you. Convinced everybody's working an angle, everybody's out to get you. Well, here's something to think about. There's always the possibility that I just so happen to be " freaking sincere " because I believe in this device. So sniff around all you want. I got nothing to hide. You're broke. This project is to put money in your pockets as fast as you can. My pockets? If this valve replacement is approved, Chandler Enterprises will make millions. You oh, that's it. You're pissed because you wanted company, and it's killing you that you need me to do it. There's nothing to tell. I distinctly heard the word " secret. " I want to know what it is. Well, Krystal, he's got us. We might as well confess. Krystal and I slept together. Adam. It was a very brief affair before I left town. How could you do this? Oh well, you should know better than anyone. Krystal is famous for spreading her love. Oh, shut your mouth. Oh, do you really care for her? Krystal and I love each other, and she would never cheat on me, especially not with a man she hates. Ooh, or love/hate, you know, it's a fine line. Whatever you're holding over my wife, I will find out. But you should know, Adam, you've made a big mistake. day, huh? It's so nice out. Want to unlock it? You're a big girl. Thank you. Guess what I brought. Your favorite cookies. Macadamia chocolate chip? Um, no, I'm sorry. I brought lemon drops. But I did bring you apple juice. Do you have any chocolate milk? Oh, I'm I'm sorry. I guess I've been gone so long I don't know what you like anymore. I still like lemon drops, Mom, and apple juice. It's just I'm a big kid now. Here. Dig in. Very good. Oh, and I know what you definitely still like. Books. A new book? I made this for you. Like it? Your books are my most favorite thing. So sweet. Annie was here, Jesse. She was here, and she took Emma. Did you talk to that she was Corrina and that Emma wouldn't be coming in, which is confusing to me because the school knows that Annie is a threat. Why wouldn't they call me to verify? Damn good question. I have no idea. Three times she has escaped Oak Haven. Three times. She escaped during transfer to the new facility. Exactly. Why would they take her out of maximum security? I don't understand that. Ok, how am I supposed to keep my daughter safe when Annie is out there, ok? And she can't be stopped. She'll be stopped. Jesse, the last time that she kidnapped Emma, my daughter ended up in a burning church. I was there. She almost died. She didn't die. You got to find Aidan. Ok, you find Aidan you find Aidan, and you're going to be halfway to I know, I know we have They're out of control. We're doing everything humanly possible They got to be stopped. Please, you got to stop them. If you can't, I'll do it myself. Who is it? Room service. I didn't, uh, order any room Surprise You were amazing Whoa what are you what are you doing here? They loved you, and I'm not just saying that because I am crazy about you. You had them from the first words out of your mouth. It's so hot here. I didn't want you to come. How could I miss it? Seeing the man that I am crazy about knocking them dead? I couldn't have missed that. And you were great. I told you you'd be great. You were great. I didn't want you to be here. If you love me so much, why ca must remember to lock our doors. Yeah, well, that won't change a damn thing, because I'll still get to you whenever I want to. (Doorbell-rings) Ah. Oh, I hope we're not late. No, right on time. Dr. Hayward was just leaving. Dr-.-Chappell Hayward? You told Scott you were also working on a valve you want to look at my plans. As a professional courtesy. My input could be invaluable. Dr-.-Chappell Or you have nothing. And you hope to steal my work and stamp your name on it. Ooh, I think we're going to work very well together. If you're thinking of using him as an investor, you better hope his company doesn't go belly-up before you get to use your valve. Interesting how the air always gets so warm after David leaves. Can I help you? Um, I'm looking for Marissa Tasker. She's 'm sure she can work out your particular kinks. I I think I'll wait for Marissa. She just started 90 minutes. Ok. Um, do you have a restroom I could borrow? All the way to the back. Usually it's only for customers, but I'll make an exception. Thank you. I'm sorry. Sorry, wrong room. Hey, lady, this room is Marissa. Yeah Hey I still got one more itch to scratch. " The little flower had no mommy and no daddy. So princess Emmaline took the little flower home. She watered it every single day until it grew as strong and beautiful as Emmaline. The end. " It's sad. The little flower had no mommy and daddy. Well, it didn't need its mommy and daddy to grow up strong and beautiful. I'll always need you and Daddy. I Daddy might not always be able to be with you. You're going away. You really are so smart and such a big girl. Sweetie, you're right. I have to go away. I don't want to, but I have to. And it's not going to be forever, but I don't know when I'm going to be able to see you again. Can I come with you? I wish you could. I really wish you could. I love you so much. But you have to stay with your daddy. Ok? Will you be all right? Will you? Oh, come here. Hey. I want you to issue an Amber Alert for Emma Lavery. Well, I just faxed the picture and description. I need you to alert every cop in the state. Keep them on alert, and keep me posted. (Doorbell-rings) Where the hell is my daughter? Well, No, but it's like you have to hold my hand every step of the way. You you just need to let me breathe, Taylor. What happened to the part of your speech about not pushing away the people who love you about appreciating those that are there to support you? Were those just words coming out of your mouth? No, no, no, they weren't. But what you think I can't do it on my own? You have to be there just in case I screw things up? That's not true. How many times did you try to get me a job? I was helping you. Why? Because you think I couldn't do it, right? No, because I am proud of your accomplishment. Ok, and I want to be a part of that. I want to be a part of your life. Isn't that what we're building towards here that . I'm sorry. Where's the food? What food? I heard " room service, " and I am kind of hungry. We might need some champagne, you know, to celebrate. Are you sure? I kicked ass today. And the fact that you were there makes it that much more special. Now, I think that calls for a celebration. Don't you? I'm sorry I went off on you. That's what I was waiting to hear. Sure, I can find a way for you to make it up to me. Hmm, I'm sure you can. I like that idea, but, as you can see, I have a full schedule. Oh. Round-table discussion, which is followed by " snowboarding and rock climbing, " as it says here. Snowboarding in Florida? See for yourself. I guess I should have called. He he left this. So what kind of itches get scratched here? I don't do that. Ok, why are you here? I heard about your parents. What happened? They were just driving home after a church potluck. The car went off the road. Police think my dad fell asleep. I am so sorry. I wish you had gotten in touch. Your mother was an amazing friend. Life got in the way for both of us, but the love was always there. You're right. I should have tracked you down. No, I'm not here to throw around should-haves. I'm I'm just here to see you to see how you're doing. I'm not quite what you expected, but it's not what you think. I'm strictly legit well, except for faking my license. Which is why I'm here and not some platinum-card spa. Why are you doing this? provide. Too bad for me Dad let his life insurance lapse. The Lord didn't exactly step up. So I'm working my way through law school. The ambience might suck, but the tips are great. How about you and your daughter? Mom said she had a little boy. Yeah. Yeah, Little Adam. He's he's 5. Babe died last year. I'm so sorry. Yeah, those those tornadoes. She she gave her life to save her son. I wish I could've met her. So do I. Dr-.-Chappell Bio-design is the future, and this heart valve will provide the best of both worlds. I'm impressed. Dr-.-Chappell Thank you. Impressed enough to underwrite the project? I'll have the paperwork drawn up immediately. Dr-.-Chappell Good. You have no idea. What you're doing is going to help so many people. Oh, Dr. Chappell, you're of thousands of patients and their families. Adam's just helping you get that device to the people who need it. Dr-.-Chappell Well, your support means the world to me. So your car is waiting to take you back to your hotel. Dr-.-Chappell Thank you. We are very excited about this project. We're so looking forward to working with you. Dr-.-Chappell Is it possible is there any chance that we might have dinner together, perhaps the next time I'm in town? I think that can be arranged. Dr-.-Chappell Well, until then. Thank you again. You're welcome. That went very well. Erica chuckles Thank you for the support, Uncle Adam. Are you crazy? It could take forever for a valve like that to get onto the market. You threw money at Fusion. That was a loss. You threw money at Scott's production company. That was a loss. Fusion is not a loss. You're going to be next in line for a bailout. All right, enough of this. Chappell's valve replacement is remarkable. It's life-altering. When did you go soft? This is one of Scott's fantasies. Going to Hollywood, making movies that didn't work out for him. So now he wants to save the world. Do me a favor, Dad. Don't waste your money on his daydreams. At least I have dreams. What's yours? Getting through the day without reaching for a bottle? Oh, you son of a Oh, J.R. I helped Chandler. I helped my dad build it up. Yeah, you snatched it out from under him a couple of times, too. I pulled my weight. I helped him when he couldn't run the company. You you just want a handout. Investing in a life-saving medical device is hardly a handout. (Adam-feels-dizzy) Adam . I'm fine. Where's Emma? I don't know. Tell us where she is, Aidan. Aidan, you can do better than " I don't know. " I heard Annie was missing, all right? So I came over here to see if you had any news. That's it. Are you kidding me? Every time she escapes that place, you are in the picture, Aidan. She escaped on her own the last time. She's got my daughter, ok, again. And the last time she kidnapped my daughter, you were in the thick of things. So you have 30 seconds, right now, to tell me where she is. I told you, Ryan. I don't know. You know he's lying, right? You know that. Do you have any idea where she might go? Dr. Burke has been working with Annie on her of her past. Right, this regression therapy. Maybe she went back to her parents' old home in Glen View. With Emma? I'm going to expand the alert across state lines. You see this, right? You see now that Annie is not getting better. She's using you, Aidan, just like she's using everybody else, to get what she wants. Maybe you're right. Maybe I don't know Annie at all. I remember looking into the mirror. And I paused for a couple seconds just to look at myself and analyze this new face, this new head, and I remember pushing the mirror away and thinking to myself, " This is not what I want, " you know? It's no different than what you guys have felt at some point in time in your life and when you noticed your injury and noticed what you were going to be going through for the rest of your life., you know, because I think you guys are the only ones that understand me of what it's like to go through something like this. I was angry at the world. I didn't want this. You know, it's a great feeling now when I'm able to accept me and accept who I am, because I have the right pieces of people around me to love me and support me. And I know that I can be loved no matter how different I may look. I can be loved for who I am as a person. And I've learned that, because people have had patience with me. And the right people have had the patience with me. And that's a beautiful thing, you know? We need heroes in the world. How about you be a hero to your girl? That's love that's love that's love. Be a soldier for them. I know you had a long day working 9:00 To 5:00 andn't feel appreciated. I'm here you can't escape. With a little touch of love in this world, it's all we have. I believe in you so don't turn away, because when this life gets too tough, when your days come so rough, I'll protect you from this world. I'll be your shield I'll be your sword. When you're cold need the sun, I'll wrap my arms around the one' cause I'll protect you from this war. I'll be your shield I'll be your sword' cause I'm your soldier. I'm your soldier. I'm your soldier. I'm your solider for love, so here's my Purple Heart How's your husband? Well, uh, actually I totally had to refund Mr. Corzo's money. It's coming out of your tips. Fine by me. The guy is a pig. Don't get all sensitive. keep him waiting. You don't have to do this. Yeah, I do. That thing called money. What would your mother say? Well, you know, she didn't say, " Roy, look out for that tree. " Or, " Hey, Roy, you should renew your life insurance. " So it doesn't really matter what she would say about this. You are working my last nerve, girl. Get in that room now or you're fired. All right, listen. You don't have to talk to her like that. Who are you, bitch, the etiquette police? You, now. Leave her the hell alone. Just stop it, both of you. You're upsetting Adam. Will you stop acting like you're my nursemaid? Look, I don't care if you're onboard or not. I want you to take over supervision of this project for Chandler need. For a device that's never going to make it past the guinea-pig stage. This is unbelievable, Dad. Well, instead of throwing a tantrum, you ought to show some gratitude. Your son is in this house because of me. I'm 100% behind getting Chandler back on track, but this is not the way. Well, I say it is. While you had your head in a bottle, your cousin here oversaw a project that will not only benefit mankind, but also benefits Chandler Enterprises. So it might even be someday you can have something for your son to inherit. Work with him. Don't fight with him. For God's sake, you should thank him. I'm confused about something, Aidan If you care so much about Annie, then what are you doing here right now? I mean, why aren't you out doing your Special-Ops things that you do? Calling your network and playing with your spy, Ryan. I don't know where Annie is. Because you're so close, right? I mean, you care for her so much. I mean, maybe you're as crazy as she is. I've just been trying to help her, that's it. And all I've been trying to do is hurt her? Maybe I made her crazy got her locked up? I'm the reason that Annie is insane? Is that what you're saying? Hey, hey, hey, hey. I just got a report of a woman and a child fitting their description in Memorial Park. Let's go. Emma Oh, my goodness. You're ok. Thank goodness. Hey. No sign of Annie. Are you are you ok? Mommy brought me a new book. She did, huh? What did she say? Where did she go? Do you know where she is? say where she was going, sweetheart? No. Oh, I don't care. I just thank God you're ok. Thank God you're ok. Come here. Well, looks like we have other problems Aidan's gone. Adam, you were a little hard on J.R. He needs to grow up. So you praise Scott to the heavens? Come on. How did you expect J.R. to react? I know what I'm doing, Erica. I know. What's this? You had a seizure when J.R. and Scott were arguing. No, I got a little lightheaded. It's from all the dead air in this room. Adam, you had a seizure. Come on, take your medication. That's it. It's the only way you're going to get better. Hmm. I am so done with you. You're fired. No, you can't fire me. I just did, sweet cheeks. Thanks a lot. Listen. Like I said, you do not need this job. The hell I don't. Look, I hate it, but I need it. These fat, sweaty, clammy-skinned men pay a hell of a lot for a pretty, young thing to just put her hands on them. Now I've got nothing. Marissa, Marissa Look, next time you want to look me up, don't. You're not going anywhere. This is a raid. Oh. Hi. I'm so glad you're here. I thought you had changed your mind. I wouldn't do that. Is Emma ok? Emma's fine. Ryan's a bit amped up, but we're clear. Thank you for giving me the time to say goodbye to her. Listen right, but we've got to get a move on. You got your tickets and your passport ready? Yeah, right here, Mr. Matthews. You? Yep, right here, Mrs. Matthews. Are you ready for your brand-new life? Are you ready You guys are both going to prison. 
You had a seizure while J.R. and Scott were arguing. I was just a little light-headed. There was too much hot air in the room. No, Adam You had a seizure. Here, take your medication. It's the only thing that will help you. Yeah. Ok, I'm going to call a doctor. Will you just back off a minute? I'm getting enough grief from J.R. without you jumping into it. All right. You better be nice to me. I'm the only ally you have at the moment. And why would you take sides with Scott over your own son, anyway? A little friendly rivalry, that's all. To get him up on his toes shake him up a little bit. Yeah. I've I've Oh, Adam. Adam? Adam Adam. Zach, I was told to meet David here. What's happening? Ian looked fine to me. You know think anything has gone wrong, do you? Hi. Hi. Thanks for coming. I just wanted to go over Ian's test results before briefing you on other things. He's ok, right? No, no, no he's fine. He's fine. He still has a way to go, but his progress has been excellent. He can go home today. Are you ready for your brand new life You guys are both going to prison. Wait a minute, Ryan. Just hear me out. Hear you out? No, Aidan, no. I am done listening to you, ok? You've been lying from the beginning about all of it about her therapy, about your involvement, about her intentions toward Emma. You've got it wrong. Emma is safe. She kidnapped her after you broke her out of the institution. I'm done, ok? No more to prison, both of you. You don't understand, all right? We're going away for good. We're leaving the country, Ryan. We're never coming back. Annie just wanted to say goodbye to Emma. That's all that going on. I swear. I don't buy it. There's no possible way that you would leave Emma like that. It's over. You had another attack. Ok, I'm calling an ambulance, because you really need to get to the hospital. No, no no, I won't go. Oh, why are you being such a stubborn pain? It's a bad time for bad publicity. Hayward would be all over me for this. I know exactly what's the matter with me, and another trip to the hospital won't change it. Adam, this wasn't like the other attack. This one really knocked you for a loop Well, actually, you had just taken them right before the attack. Did I? Well, they just haven't had time to work yet. Actually, it looked as if they might have brought it on. Anyhow, you may be too stubborn to go to the hospital and get some help, but I am not, and you are not going to stop me. I don't need your help. Yes, hello. This is Erica Kane. I need you to page someone. So, just keep an eye out for any changes in his sleeping habits. Now, you're still going to be there with him both of you, right? Yes. All right, look. I'm sorry, but I got wind of the fact that you're going through a divorce right now. Now, it's very important that Ian feels a sense of stability in his in environment during his recovery. He'll be there for the time being. Good. Well, go ahead. Go get your son. All right. I'll be right there. Listen, I need to get to this house call, but I'll be on my cell if you need me. Ok. Did I just hear Dr. Hubbard say she's making a house call? Mm-hmm, Chandler house. Chandler? Well, did she say who it was about? No. From her side of the call, it sounded urgent, though. Ok, look, this is all a mistake. No, really? I was not working there. Oh, so you were a customer? I was visiting my friend, and it happens to be a legitimate establishment. Sorry, you're going have to let the judge sort it out. But you haven't charged us. The law in this state is specific. You have to 're still waiting for the investigators to finish the reports. No, I demand that you get us all lawyers, immediately. They will file for habeas corpus so fast, you won't be able to blink before we get out of here. Not to worry, charges will be filed. Defense attorneys will be assigned. Until then, sit tight, ladies. Look, you violated a half-dozen laws, you know. Illegal search and seizure at the top of the list, and no probable cause. What? I was just admiring your fire. You're smart. You're going to make a heck of a lawyer one day. Yeah. Maybe. I'm sure it would beat working as a drive-up masseuse. It's true. I just wanted to say goodbye to her. Aidan and I have fallen in love. He's helped me so much. He is the reason that I am better now, but we can't stay prison forever for the things that I've done, and I accept the things that I've done, ok? I'm not making excuses for them. I understand how wrong I was, and I regret it, all of it. But this is my only chance at having a new life. Now, the really, really hard part about that is the idea of leaving Emma, but thank God for you. Thank God for you. If I didn't have you, and you weren't such a great dad, I wouldn't be able to do it. This whole time, Ryan, you've you could have convinced Emma to hate me, but you didn't. And I wouldn't have blamed you, but you didn't. And you've always been there for her, and I know you always will be. She's telling the truth, Ryan. You need to listen to her. This is how far she's come. She's said the hardest goodbye she'll ever have to say. She deserves a new life, a new beginning, a new start. We both do, ok? Just give us 10 minutes, and then you can call the police. Just give us a head start, man. I swear I will not go back on my word. I swear I will stay far away from her, Ryan. I just need to start a new life. Please, just let me have a new name, a new life. Please. More than anything, I want to believe you. But I can't. There's no possible way I can believe you guys. I am all out of trust for both of you, and I need to protect my daughter. (Gun-fires) (Annie-screams) Grunts as Aidan holds him by the neck Annie, get out of here Annie, go Go Where is she? Where did she go? She's far away I swear to God I will unload this in your chest right now. Maybe you should. Why don't you pull the trigger? Oh, Angie, thank you so much for coming so quickly. He's in the parlor. Now, he's going to tell you that nothing happened. Well, of course, he is. He's Adam. Well, he had two seizures. The first one was like a little mini-seizure and the second one, I really thought he was having a heart attack. And he had just taken his pills just before that. Oh, good Lord. What is she doing here? Well, good to see you, too, Adam. Yeah. So, why don't you tell me about these attacks you had? They weren't attacks. I don't I got a little light-headed, that's all. And somebody called in the National Guard. Really? So, anything today? No. That's probably what it is. Well, perhaps, but do you mind my seeing the pills that you took? Go ahead. How many of these did you take, Adam? Three. He took three. The recommended dosage on the bottle. All right, you know what? I am going to recommend that you stop the medication. I want to make sure that the dosage is right on these, ok? Because it's not unheard of for a pharmacy to make a mistake. And I'll let you know in the morning. In the meantime, I want you to get some rest, and I want you to call 911 if you have any more feelings of pain, or you if you get short of breath again, ok? All right, all right. Yeah, yeah. Did you hear her? Yes. Yes. Try try to stay calm and relaxed, ok Welcome home, little boy. Get some rest, ok? There's a message. Aren't you going to check it? Go ahead. No, I don't want to pry, in case it's something personal. Of course, calls like that would probably go to your cell phone. It would be more discreet that way. Are you done? I'm just saying, you might be expecting some phone call that might be private. I'm not going to tell you who I slept with. Ok. Well, it looks to me like you're being a little sensitive about it. Not really. I just I don't know her name. You don't believe me, do you? I never said I didn't believe you. Well, you keep bringing it up. No, I didn't bring it up. You did. I just said there was a message on the answering machine mind. I'm going to work. Right now? Yep. You're ok taking care of Ian, right? Of course. Of course. I'll see you later. Mr. Slater, it's Francesca, from the casino. I need to talk to you. I found out some information on what we discussed. I'd like to talk to you in person. I'll check in with you later. My sweet little angel. Thank God you're home. Mama loves you so much. (Doorbell-rings) Hi. Is Mr. Slater here? No. No, he went to the casino, or so he told me. I must have just missed him. We've been trading voicemails. Francesca, right? Mm-hmm. Is everything ok? Yeah, just some business matters. Anything I should know about? Well, I hear revenue is down. No. It's not . Does Reese Williams qualify as business these days? It's something private I need to discuss with Mr. Slater, that's all. Sorry to have bothered you. Feeding time. Rachael, are you ok if I head out for a little bit? Sure. It gives us a chance to catch up. Great. I shouldn't be gone long. I'm so sorry and so embarrassed for getting you involved in this. I admit, it wasn't what I expected when I came to see you, but hey, we can spend some quality time together, right? I really feel awful. I mean, you come to offer condolences, and I get you tossed in jail. My parents would have been mortified. No, they wouldn't. They know that they raised a good girl. And we all make mistakes. Yeah. Well, I appreciate you saying that. Your husband must be getting think anybody's really worried about me right now. How come? Long story, but cut to the chase, Tad and I, we're divorced, and our little girl is living with him now. And the man I recently married, I sort of betrayed his trust. I don't think he's going to be looking for me any time soon. I'm sorry. Yeah. I tend to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory when it comes to relationships. I I always hurt the ones I love the most. Oh, I remember my parents talking about you. Always with praise. They said you had a heart of gold. Fool's gold, maybe. No, I don't believe you. Sometimes people make decisions that they think are the best ones at the time, and then they end up haunting them forever. I heard you got called over for an emergency. Is everything ok with Little Adam. You keep showing up uninvited, I'm going to have to rent a mongoose to take you out. I am here seeing a patient. Now, he may have had a bad drug reaction. Little-Adam Grandpa Hey, buddy How are you doing? Little-Adam Angie Hi, sweetheart How are you? Oh, you feel so good What a good boy. Can I have a hug, too? Oh, I'm so glad to see you. It's always so good to see you. Little A, you are just getting I can't believe how tall you're getting. Next time I see you, you're going to be way up here. Look at you. Good to see you. Well, let me get to the hospital and have the lab check these pills out. I want you to stay in touch, Adam, ok? And try to stay relaxed. Yeah. see, Little Adam is fine. You can leave now. Are you sure you want to kick me out, Adam? I'm a much more accomplished doctor than Angie is, and you're not looking all too well. Give me give me that. Did you find her? No. We put out an APB sent them into the airports, bus, and train stations. Do you know what kind of car she's driving? No, I have no idea what kind of car she's driving, and I can't get anything at all from her accomplice sitting right over here. Aidan, why are you doing this? Why are you doing this to yourself, huh? You're already in enough trouble as it is. You need to stop digging your own grave here and tell us where Annie is. I already told him. She's gone. Don't bother looking for her, because you're not going She's safe. I've got her with two of my best. Look, Aidan, I know you care about Annie, but the fact is, she still needs help. So listen. You help me, and I will forget about your helping her escape. How's that? Look, if you give a damn about Annie, or Emma, or even your own future, you will tell us where she's going. I want you to promise me that she won't get hurt, that she won't go back to jail. But if she does go, back to a place where she could get some help. I can promise you the first thing, but the second thing is up to a judge. All right, then. I'll tell you. Time for some answers. What are you doing here? Is Zach here? No. Was he here? Look, I have been alone, to put up with you interrogating me. You two finally did it, didn't you? You finally abandoned the " lesbian forever " T-shirt and slept with him. You've lost it, haven't you? Answer me. He's cheating on you? Is he with you? No. Well, he came up with some story about a one-night stand nameless strangers not even knowing her name. Really? And you don't believe him? No, I don't. He wouldn't be that cavalier about it. Why not? You cheated on him, so he cheated on you. Well, then you don't know him at all. You don't. You have no idea what kind of man he is. You don't know what we went through together or what we had. Our love and our commitment to each other. Wow, you know, Kendall, I don't think I life. If everything was so wonderful with you and Zach, then why did you sleep with Ryan the first chance that you got? You're the bitch that started this whole thing. You threw yourself at him at a time when Zach and I were vulnerable. You took advantage of him and how he felt about that baby. So you have no right, none, to pass judgment on me. Ok, I'm not even going to defend myself. Kendall, if you came here to play the blame game again, please, just leave. I have moved on. It's time you did, too. You really don't think you did anything wrong, do you? Oh, my God. You are pathetic. You blame everyone else but yourself. It's got to be someone else. Can't be you. Oh, and sleeping with Ryan? That doesn't count. Right? That's everybody else's mistake, as well. They forced with someone he didn't care about. Frankly, I think you got off easy. Very, very lucky. Just leave, ok? Get out. Get out. Kendall Hey. She went out. Said she shouldn't be long. How's my little man? Oh, doing great. He ate really well. I was just taking him up to bed. Good. See you there in a minute. Go get ready. Come on, little man. (Computer-beeps) Hey, can I ask you something? You don't have to answer it if you don't want to. Ok. Well, your husband um David. You said that you betrayed him. Why? How? It was, um, a bad mistake that I made years ago, and it caught up with me. It was used against me. I don't really want to get into the details. It, well, you still love David. He's still your husband, right? I don't know for how long, though. I don't understand. With all this going on in your life, why did you come here looking for me? Normally, I wouldn't give a damn, but speaking as a doctor and Little A's grandfather, I'm worried about Adam. May I speak to David Hayward now, please? I'm serious. At first, I thought the scene in the courtroom was just an act. But now I'm not so sure. He's not behaving right. He seems like the same old Adam to me. Irascible and stubborn as ever. So you're not concerned at all? No, not really. No, I think he had a bad reaction to his medication today. Hmm. You, on the other hand I am concerned about you. Me? 's almost as if you you cared. No need to be insulting. You're up to something, and don't bother trying to deny it. I know you way too well for you to try to hide anything from me. So what is it? And why do I get this feeling that it's not just Adam who's going to be affected? You've always had such a delightful imagination. You've become quite a big part of his life lately, haven't you? Yes. We're working together on some business issues. Well, then you might want to be careful. I'd hate to see you get hurt. And then she's supposed to get a bus to Philadelphia and from there, a plane to Miami. What name is she traveling under? Esther Waxworth. Yeah, it's Hubbard here. I got some new information on Annie Lavery. She might be traveling under the alias Esther bus stations in Philly. Also check Philly flights to Miami. I don't believe a word of that. Not one word. You're just giving him a false lead so you can give her time to get away. Look, I you'll know I'm telling the truth when Jesse gets off the phone. That's absolutely right. So, good. Can I be untied now, please? What? Are you kidding me? You're not seriously letting him go, are you? Yeah, well, a deal is a deal. And when Annie Lavery is in custody, I will honor that deal. But until then, you're under arrest. Cuff him. Aidan Devane, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. If you need an attorney Your mom and I were really close, and it broke my heart when your parents like an unofficial godmother, I just wanted to come and make sure that you're ok. And look what you found. An unlicensed masseuse giving rubdowns to skeezy lowlifes. No. Law student trying to make ends meet. Yeah. And not very successfully. I can help with that. I want you to finish law school, and I want to pay for it. Whoa, no. That's that's really nice of you, but it's a lot of money. Full tuition without a scholarship. I can get you whatever you want, ok? I have money. My husband has money. And I don't want to go home until I know that you're going to finish school and that you're going to be ok. You. Free to go. Your story held up. Well, go on. I'll be ok. Keep in touch, all right? I I don't know that you back in if you want. No. Go, please. (Footsteps) Annie? Thank God you're here. Thank God. Why, what's going on? What's wrong? I just I needed to see you, but no one was here. Emma Emma is safe. Emma's at Opal's. Safe? You thought I was Annie? She escaped again, and the police are looking for her. And Aidan is in custody. Oh, my God. What is going on? I mean, has this whole world gone crazy? It's like everything's falling apart. Why, why? What's going on? What happened? I just missed you. I missed you so much. I mean, being with Zach right now, it's torture, and I just need you to hold me. Can you just hold me, please, Ryan? Adam, do you think forgot, and because of double dosage, that may have caused whatever's going on I don't forget about taking my pills. There was something wrong with the pills. A mistake at the pharmacy. Maybe. But you have admitted that you have grown forgetful lately. I admitted that? Yes. An admission I will remember to forget. Ok, listen to me. I have put my life on hold to help you. The least you could do is listen to my suggestions. All right, as long as they're not inane or ridiculous. Fine. You know what? Fine. You think that you can fight whatever this is without my help or any help at all? You know what? Great. You're on your own. Knock yourself out. Erica. Are those the lab results for Adam's pills? Yeah. It seems the dosage was right. Nothing wrong with them. Hmm Adam, after all. Apart from the megalomania and the nasty personality, I mean. Yeah, we'll see. Listen, I've been trying to reach Krystal. She doesn't answer her cell phone. She won't respond to my emails. Is she all right? I I'm concerned about her. I just want to know how she is. To be honest with you, I don't know how she is. She left. She hasn't returned my calls, either. I would love to know how she is, or where she is. All right. I'll keep trying to reach her. Do me a favor, will you? When you find her, tell her I love her very much. You're back. With the cavalry. The nice lady here has posted everyone's bail. You're all free to go. Come on, let's go. Um, this will get you school tuition will follow. No, I I don't know what to say. Just no more massage parlors, ok? Thank you. Thank you so much. God, I'm really missing my mother right now. She'd be so happy. Well, I don't want you to worry, ok? Your mother is always with you. They stopped the bus. Annie Lavery wasn't on it. There was a reservation from Philadelphia to Miami under Esther Waxworth's name. But nobody showed up? Mm-mm. Devane lied to us. Announcer-'s-voice Flight 394, departing for London with connections for other international destinations now boarding at gate 5. Please have your boarding passes ready. Hey. Oh, hey. No, you know what? Um, Kendall was already here, and I've just had enough, so I don't need any more, thank you very much. Kendall came by sure what you told her Didn't tell her anything. That's not why I'm here. Why are you here? I want to show you something. Bianca sent that to me, and she wanted me to share it with you. Wow. Would you look at her? Wow, she's changed so much. Hey, hey. We can't do this right now, ok? Because Opal and Emma, they're going to be here any second, so Come on, Ryan. If you love me I mean, if you really love me, then show me. I need to hear you say it. I need to feel it in your voice. Please, please Hey, hey. Whoa, whoa. Where is this coming from? Something happened. What is it? Would you just stop with the questions? Please, stop. Hey. This this is nuts, ok Some nameless slut, I don't know. Sorry. I mean, I'm not on his side, but you guys are getting a divorce, you know. Well, then you are on his side. No no, I'm not. Ok. Well, then then prove it to me. Prove it to me. Call Opal right now, and tell her to wait, and take me upstairs. Take me upstairs and make love to me Not because of something that Zach did. No, Kendall. Nothing has ever stopped you from sleeping with me before. Hey, hey, hey you got to get a hold of yourself here, ok? Because this is a little bit messed up. Forget it. Kendall hey, Kendall. 
Hey, gorgeous. How was your PT session? I'm ready to shake everyone's hand when I go in before the board. Well, they're going to reinstate you. I'm not worried. Have you looked outside? There are some angry clouds out there. Yeah, they're calling for storms. Brown suit or blue suit? The brown. Well, I didn't know that you wanted the blue. You know what? How about, " Thanks, Mom, for stopping by my place to pick it up "? Ok. I'm sorry. Thank you, Mother. Ha ha Listen, I'm thinking that later we'll plan a family dinner to celebrate your reinstatement. Oh, I don't want a big dinner. Well, maybe other people want to celebrate. Your dad and Natalia have the night off, and Randi likes my pot roast. Ok, Mom, just stop. I can get my job back, you can make . Hey. Beautiful daughter-in-law. Sighs Ok, just trying to pull a smile from either one of you. Got this guy crashing on my couch for the last couple of nights. I think you're married to him? Jesse, I haven't even had my morning coffee yet, ok? Randi, look, nothing happened between Madison and Frankie in that hotel room, ok? I mean, did he screw up? Yeah. He's going to the hospital board today to get his job back. I'm filing for divorce. I had the strangest dream last night. We were at my trial, but the judge decided to throw out the charges against me and marry us instead. And you know how at the reception the groom slides the garter off the bride's leg? Well, this time instead you took off my ankle monitor, and when you threw it, you hit Ryan right in the head. It was fantastic a storm coming. It keeps taking me back to that night that my brother was killed. Try not to think about it. I should think about it. I owe Stuart that much. Zach-over-baby-monitor Look who's here. Someone missed you very much. Come on, guys, play. Spike and Emma. All right, play nice. And don't eat those very expensive. Pretty. Come over here. Yeah. Yeah. How did you get Adam away from Ryan? Oh, I didn't. No. Colby is good friends with their babysitter Corrina, so when Ryan went to work, I told her to go over there and to relieve her. I thought you'd want to visit with Spike, too. Thank you. Mm-hmm. You said you were ok with us. I said I'd go ahead with it. I didn't say I was ok with it. She's scared long as Annie is not willing to get rid of her latest ankle accessory, bringing Emma to the Chandlers' is our only way of getting together. It's our best shot of getting information out of Annie to clear Kendall. Mom, come out and play. He's just missing his mom. Hmm. I wonder if he sees Kendall at Ryan's, too. Come on. Play with your brother and sister. I'm gon na go upstairs and get you something really nice, ok? Keep an eye on them. I'll be right back. Mm. Why did Spike talk to Aunt Kendall like she's here? Well, because he misses her very much, and sometimes he pretends that he sees her. And I know you miss your mom, too, and maybe maybe you'll get to go see her today. My mom's coming here? No, no, she can't, but Zach can, hey, look, listen, I understand why you don't like that house. You know, I was there that scary night, too, and you know what helped me? Was talking about it with my friends. We're friends, aren't we? Zach, I I had to see Spike. I've missed him so much. You're not gon na yell at me? With Liza downstairs? No. Only toddlers can yell at invisible Kendall. Well, maybe if you stop inviting her here. I didn't invite her here. She brought Emma so I could take her to Annie. (Thunder) Wait a minute. Ryan left Spike and Emma alone with Liza? It took some maneuvering on Liza's part. Ok, since when is this happening? I thought you were against using Emma to get the truth about Annie Well, I'm not now. It's your idea. Ryan's not went behind his back. I'll deal with Ryan. Liza saw an opening, she took it. Wow. Her powers of persuasion must be top notch. She was able to convince you to take Emma to Annie when I couldn't. I'm taking Emma to Annie for you, because I want you to be cleared of Stuart's murder, so you can take care of the boys, but if you keep interfering, I can't do that. Ok, fine. Take Emma to Annie. Take Liza while you're at it, too. I really want to spend time with my boys. Ok. I think that's a great idea. I'll tell Liza I'll just leave the boys here alone. I'll put a video on for them. No, no. Zach, come on. I miss Spike so much. I haven't seen him for days It's not gon na happen. I'm sorry house here. I'll tell Annie you said hi. I she has kids of her own to screw up. Hey, do me a favor. (Thunder) Randi, you can't just kick Frankie to the curb and end your marriage because he misstepped a couple of nights. Honestly, I don't blame him. I killed a man. I got his father involved in a cover up, and I brought home a baby that I didn't even want to give back. Frankie deserves another medal just for hanging in that long. But you're the one trying to walk away here. Yeah, for his own good. You know what? Let him get his job back, let him throw himself into his work, and I don't know, I modeled at Fusion for, like, five minutes. I'll go to New York and try that. Oh, good, so you both become, what, a couple, your marriage has been tested. Guess what? It passed. Now, the love I saw between the two of you on your wedding day, it is still there. Surviving the hard stuff is what makes a marriage worth it, and you go find your husband and you talk to him. A hundred bucks says they're divorced before the leaves fall off the trees. Maybe you should eat something. We can do some wedding planning until the storm blows over. I can't believe I'm planning a wedding. I know. Isn't it exciting? No. I can't believe I'm planning it now. I should be honoring Stuart's memory, not going to cake tastings and fittings. Ok, I'll take care of the cake. Adam, listen to me, I know you loved your brother so much, but from what I've heard about Stuart, he wouldn't want us mourning his death. general, and what better way to celebrate than a Chandler wedding? I just think I should have held off. No, no. You should hold on. You should hold on to happiness and fresh starts. I really think you'll feel better if you eat something. Here. Here we go. Here. Take that, ok? Ok, maybe later. Um, all I'm saying is things happen for a reason. Well, what I mean by that is there was a reason that we met that night. We saved each other. Stuart needed saving. I should have saved him. But you couldn't. I couldn't because. of you. You think it's my fault you couldn't save Stuart? If you hadn't been in this house, I would have been right here with Stuart. I would have taken that bullet for him. You were drugged and disoriented. I wasn't going to done it. Listen to me, I am not going to let you do this to yourself. What happened to Stuart was not your fault. Kendall killed him, and she's paying for it, and it is sad and tragic that you lost your brother, but Stuart is at peace now. I doubt that I ever will be. (Thunder) Um, Randi wasn't home when I stopped by to pick up your suit, in case you were wondering. The board members should be here any minute now. You know what? I can not just sit here and not talk about this. Now, whatever's happening between you and Randi, it can be fixed. Fixed? I was drunk in another woman's bed. Well, something had to give. Frankie, look, you have been through hell these past few months. Now, I was disappointed finding you like that, but nothing happened. Madison took advantage because you were it on her? You can't do that. Randi's hurting because of me, because of what I did, my choices, and I hate it. I just hate it. Then tell Randi that. Randi ain't trying to hear nothing I got to say right now. You know what, you're not even trying. Now, look, I am done playing personal concierge, so that you don't have to face your wife. You know, where are these people anyway? Do you love Randi or not? Yes, I love her. Then after the meeting, you find her, you tell her, and you work it out. Because Madison, the woman is just crazy. I want you to just steer clear of her, because she is nothing but toxic. You know, fathers make better bankrollers than couples counselors. You can't control Frankie's love life any more than my father could control mine marrying Henry, knew that he was only in it for the money, but I didn't listen. It was just the kind of girl I was. At least I'm not the kind that Randi is. She's right, you know, about how she's bringing Frankie down. You should do your son a favor let her throw him back. Why, so you can reel him back in? Maybe I have a little crush. Impressive. From blackmailing to home wrecking. You should be proud. Randi ruined my marriage first, ok. You have no idea the stress that I was under. Like the stress you put her under? The stress that can bring on a miscarriage? Oh, please, I don't have to take this. That's all you do is take. Haven't you taken enough? No. Then take this. You keep messing with my family, I will end it. I 's a picture of your mom. Bring it to your dad's house, ok? Go play with your brother. Liza tell you about your surprise? She doesn't want to go. You don't want to see your mom? Bring her here. Sweetie, I told you we can't. I know you don't want to go to that house, but know that I'm gon na be there, and I'm gon na protect you, and if you don't want to go, you don't have to. I want to see Mommy here. I know. Will you hold my hand when we get there? Of course, I will. Ok. Ok. I'm calling Annie. All right. Hello? Hi. It's Zach. We've got Emma. We're coming over. You're with her right now? Yeah. Just make sure there coming to the terrace. Ok. Zach, thank you. (Thunder) All right, good luck. I'll be waiting. All right. See you later. Bye. Yeah. Huh? Hey Spike, stop Spike, hi, my boy. Hi, sweetie, I've missed you so much. I have. I've missed you so much. Yes, I have. Spike Ok, Spikey, go back downstairs, ok? You have to go back downstairs, ok? I'll see you really, really soon, ok? I'll see you soon, ok? Ok? Ha ha. Hi. There you are. What are you doing? What are you looking at? What's that? What's that? Mom. Oh. Board-Member Congratulations, Dr. Hubbard. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so muchn't as bad as I thought. Ha ha. Oh Didn't take much convincing that you were ready to see patients. Now you might have to hold off on some procedures for a while, but. hi, Randi. Um, I think I will let you give her the news yourself. Hmm? Love you. Sweetie. Clears throat Sounds like good news. I got my job back. Congratulations. Thank you. I'm sorry about walking out on you and what happened at the casino Don't apologize. It's not enough? It's too much. I don't understand. I was thinking that maybe. maybe we should get a divorce. Say something. I don't know what to say. Oh, look, yes, now I see her. Well, hello, Kendall. What a pretty dress you have on. Doesn't she have on a pretty dress? Huh oh, maybe we should go down the stairs and play. How about that? Mumbles Well, sure. Um, you want to say good-bye to Mommy? Say bye-bye. Mommy's in the wall. Huh. Yeah. No, I'm sure you'll feel better if you lie down in bed until the storm passes. You trying to get rid of me? Colby. I thought you'd have the kids back by now. If Ryan finds out Where is Emma? With Zach. Where's Zach? At the mansion. Mom, come out. Ryan's gon na freak out. Ok, Colby, just calm down. He doesn't want Emma near Annie. He'll fire Corrina. Colby, trust me on this. How can I? Emma's gone and Spike's Spike is fine. Spike? Why would I want to get . I'm taking my grief out on you. I understand, and I want to help. Adam, just just go upstairs. Come here, my Spikey, give me a hug. Oh, that's my boy. Ok, sweetie, you know you have to go back downstairs. I know, I know, I'm wearing blue, but you got to go downstairs, ok? Got to go downstairs, ok? You need Emma to get Kendall out of jail? But she confessed. Well, she's innocent. Can you watch Ian? Spike went to go find her. Emma? Kendall. Sweet dreams. (Kiss) Mommy Hey, there's my baby girl Hi. Oh, I've missed (Thunder) Oh, sweetie, it's all right. It's ok. I've missed you so much, my sweet boy. Spike. Spike, are you up here? Shh. Be quiet, be quiet. Come on out. I'm baking cookies. (Thunder) You know what? You have to go back downstairs, ok? I I love to see you, but you got ta go back downstairs with with Ian and Liza, ok? Ok? Because you know what? She's gon na lose your brother, and you have to make sure that doesn't happen. Look how she keeps losing you. Ok, Spikey? Spike. How does that kid get around so fast? Spike What did you mean he went after Kendall? Wait, no one told him she's in jail? No, he knows that she's not here, but Zach said sometimes he likes to pretend that she is. It's like an imaginary friend. Is that healthy? Let's worry about healthy later, ok? You have to call . I'm not gon na worry him now. He's probably just he's hiding. He's afraid of this storm. Listen, would you watch your brother and Ian? Ok? Spike I talked to Jesse and You ran this by my dad first? I happened to see him. Great. Great. Look, he doesn't think that we should get a divorce. Good to know. We used to be able to talk about everything, Randi. What happened to us? What happened is that I killed a man, Frankie. Don't you get it? That is always gon na be between us. Henry North is more of a threat to our marriage dead than he was alive. That man was a threat to you that night you had to defend yourself. I didn't have to get your father involved. Yeah, well, he covered for you, because he knew it 's death is a problem between us, because you won't let it go. But I guess I'm easier to let go of. What you think this is easy for me? I don't know. I'm not the one talking about getting a divorce. Frankie, I drove you to drink. I drove you to Madison. I don't want to keep hurting you. I got drunk and wound up with her, because I thought I was gon na lose you. I want our life back, Randi. I want you to forgive me. I want you to forgive yourself. I love you. Don't you get that? We're just getting started and now you want to quit? I don't I don't want to quit. I want to be with you, because I love you. All right, Spike, listen, I know Liza is really annoying, and need you to go back downstairs (Spike-fussing) Yes Spike Ok, this is not funny, now. You come out right now Go home, already. Emma, sweetie, it's okay. The storm's far away. You're you're safe here. Mommy's right. We'll take care of you. Well, I think I got it covered. Thank you for bringing her, but I think we need some girl time. What do you say? I think I'll stay. Zach, where am I gon na go? I'm wearing the ankle monitor. I know, but I think Emma would feel more comfortable if I stayed, right? Hmm? All right, then. Come here. Let's sit. Oh, I love you so much, and I have missed you so much. Do you miss Mommy? Yes, just like Spike misses his mommy. would love to take you home, but I got to meet with David to get my papers together for my reinstatement. It's a big day for you. Yeah, but you're the best part. And you're mine. I'll be waiting, so just hurry home, ok? Yeah, as soon as I can. Ok. (Thunder) Thanks. Hey, lover. Hey, babe, how you doing? How'd it go with Frankie? Frankie starts right away. Can't tell you how good it is to hear some good news for a change. Rough morning? I saw Randi. She's thinking about filing for divorce. That's why she came to see Frankie. She went to the hospital? Oh, God. Well, hey, that's a good thing. I told her about the meeting that Frankie was having and that she should go and try out of here, I wasn't sure whether I made things better or worse. Better or worse is what they signed up for. They haven't even gotten to the better part. Well, the worse ain't over, believe me. Not Madison again. She's talking about making a move on Frankie. In her dreams He knows better than to go anywhere near her now. Yeah, well, it ain't him I'm worried about. It's her. She keeps coming after us. What is she threatening, Jesse? Actually, I threatened her. Big time. I'm sorry your marriage tanked. Sometimes it's just not meant to be. Go home, Madison. Hey, don't blow me off. Maybe you don't care if your brand-new ex goes to death row, but I can still ruin your father faster than you can say accessory to homicide. Hmm? Good. I was surfing the web last night. what do you know about organ harvesting, Dr. Hubbard? Yeah, that was my knee-jerk reaction, too. But do you know the kind of money we could make? I mean, with you back here at the hospital and Randi out of the way, I'm looking forward to establishing a very close working relationship. Yeah, well, I won't be selling organs with you, and I'm not going to bed with you either, because Randi and I, we're staying together. But the way it looked, I thought You thought what? You broke up my marriage? Ha ha. Here's the thing. Randi and I, we love each other. Ok, don't patronize me. I know about love. Maybe you've given it, but you're never getting it. See, no one can ever love you. Zach just showed up with Emma, a Emma missed her mom, I saw an opportunity. Well, yes, Emma, nice to see you. Zach, inside. Nah, I should stay out here with her. It's not exactly Disney World, is it? And the storm coming. We're fine. Go ahead. We're fine. It's more fun when it's just the two of us anyway, huh? Spike pretends his mommy's there when she's not. Emma, sweetheart, I don't want you to worry about Kendall, ok? She's somewhere secure. Jail. You can get her out. Mmm, good boy. Anything? No, no. Maybe he slipped out of the house. Oh, God, I hope not, not with this storm coming. I'll go check outside. Ian's down for a nap, and Stuart's sleeping, too. Ok, thank you up here. But you've already checked twice. Yeah, I know. I'm just getting this feeling, you know. This is where he was when he was imagining Kendall. Which room? No. It was just right here in the hall. Would you please keep looking? You better call Zach. So is this a child for a child? Um. What? Ryan takes Spike from your home, and so you take Emma from his. You shouldn't keep a daughter from her mother. Well, it seems odd that you'd go to such extraordinary lengths for Annie. Didn't do it for Annie. I did what was best for the kid. Really? Talk to your wife lately? Not since they put her away, no. Still think she did it? You told me that you thought Kendall was guilty, that she shot my brother in the back right tell me, Zach, are you writing off the mother of your children? You got out of jail. Get Aunt Kendall out. I can't. Sweetie, I don't want you worrying about Kendall anymore, ok? I want you to think about all those little girl things like slumber parties and playing dress up and and tell me about school. Are you excited to be back at school? Oh, it's ok. Make the gun stop. No, sweetheart, no more guns. No more guns. It's just thunder. Listen to me. Emma, what happened here that night, it was just an accident. It was bad. No, no, no. It was just an accident. It's like remember that time, that Christmas that you broke the angel ornament? It was ok. You weren't being bad, right? And you didn't get in trouble, because it was just the gun, ok? Look at me. It was just an accident, ok, baby? Just an accident. It's okay. It's ok. Am I writing off the mother of my children? No, I'm not, but I can't count on Kendall either, not to raise those boys, not from where she is now, and the day will come when I have to explain to Spike and Ian that their mother is in prison, because she shot a good man, and I'm not looking forward to that day, Adam. Are we done? You know, sometimes. sometimes I feel that I'm hovering above what happened that night. I see Stuart. He's there, waiting for me, tugging at his collar and and the tie that he's not used to wearing, and he thinks he sees something, hears something outside, sees a shadow, and then a lightning strike, a lightning strike. He sees in his back, and he won't know what it is. He'll never know what it is, because he collapses right there, dead, gone Perhaps what haunts me most is wondering what my brother's last memory was before his world went black. Thank you. How specific were you with Madison? She knows that I will go outside the law to stop her. It's not what she said. It's just that, I don't know, it was that demented smile of hers. That's all it took for you to snap? Angie, there are two kinds of people that fill up a jail The ones that are driven by passion, greed, hate, and then there are the ones that are extremely extremely dangerous. What drives them? Ahh I don't know. The pleasure they get from watching other people suffer. And that's Madison to a " T. " I shouldn't too hard. Maybe it wasn't hard enough. She can't keep doing this, Jesse. Coming after us, after Frankie, after Randi. You know what? Maybe you just needed to go after her ass and scare her to make her stop. Or maybe I just lit the fuse to a very loose cannon. No one has ever loved me, but thanks for pointing it out. Did it feel good? No. My father? He wanted a son. I was never enough for him. And we all know I was nowhere near enough for Henry. Ha I wasn't always like this, you know. I mean, maybe I didn't have love, but I had hope. Till you get knocked down enough times. (Madison-sniffles) Yeah, right. I should never have expected anyone would ever love me. Ok. Get away from me Hey, you don't want me. You sure as hell me. Madison? Stuart's gone. Emma, do you understand me? No more worrying about the accident and no more talking about it with anybody, ok? I won't tell anyone. 
Ok, everybody, we got to get the whole room cleared out Let's move this over here. Ok, Randi, I want to be sure you have the cot set up downstairs in ConFusion right along with the buffet. And don't forget we need tons of bottled water. Oh, guys, I need you here. Ok? Oh. I'm here. What do you need me to do? I'm gon na need all the help I can get if this is ever gon na get done by tomorrow. " If "? There are no ifs about it. I promised to raise over a million dollars for these starving children, and I'm going to do that. Well, how exactly do you plan on raising that much money in this economy? By dancing. What's this? Oh, it's vegetable soup. It's my mother's recipe. I thought we were going out to dinner. A homemade meal always Seriously, you didn't have to go to all this trouble. I don't mind. Well, you might not, but I do. And this stops now. Get away from me Hey, you don't want me. You sure as hell don't deserve me, ok? No man deserves me Madison? Oh Mom? What are you doing? Spike keeps saying that nothing. Never mind. Have you found him? No. I checked everywhere he playroom, the backyard, even the park down the street. Oh, God. Where could he be? Emma, do you understand me? No more worrying about the accident. And no more talking about it with anybody, ok? I won't tell anyone. Everything all right? I was just telling Emma not to say anything about you bringing her here. We wouldn't want anyone to We got to get home. Give me a kiss. I love you. I love you so much. Yes, the dance marathon will be broadcast live from right here at Fusion. That's right. And we're gon na be setting up phone banks as well as text messaging, so people can call in and they can make donations for their favorite couple. Ok, but a marathon? What exactly is that? Bop till you drop. Exactly. And we're not gon na stop until we have only one couple left. Now, we realize times are tough, so those that can't donate money, we're asking that you donate your time. So, please, call everybody you know. Call your family, call your friends anybody who can donate anything. We've got a lot to do and not very much time to do it, so we need as many volunteers as possible, please Go Go Go Go to it, then Ok Ha ha Oh, you know something? Not long ago I would have made an appearance. I would've thought, " Ok, I've done my job. That's what I need to do, and that's all I need to give. " But now I mean, now that I've actually been there to Africa, and I've seen these children, and I've talked to the children and spent time with them and held them, I it's really changed me for the better. I don't know about that. I thought you said you noticed a difference. Well, you see, that's the thing about you, Erica. I'm not sure that you can get any better. I want you to relax. I am. My mom and I used to spend hours in the kitchen. We'd talk and laugh just disappear. My mom used to make the most amazing batch of chocolate chip cookies, no nuts. You have to share the recipe with me sometime. This is really embarrassing, but I have no idea what it was. I need a couple cooking lessons or 10. Here. Tell me what you think. Mmm She's not only gorgeous, but she's a master chef. Ok, then let's eat. On one condition you cooked, so I clean up. Oh, you shouldn't push yourself. Washing a few pots isn't gon na kill me. And neither will cancer. So stop acting like I'm already dead. You men are all the same. You ignore me. You you use me, you treat me like garbage, and then then you have the nerve to tell me that I am impossible to love? I won't take it anymore. . Help me. (Madison-drops-the-award) Hey, wait. Hey hey, wait Frankie? Which way did she go? Who? What happened? Madison. She's lost her mind. We got to stop her. If Ryan finds out that Emma was here, we are done. We're never gon na nail Annie. Kendall's gon na end up staying in prison. Mom, Mom, Kendall would want us to find her son. He's a little boy. He Ok, you're right. You're right. I'm gon na go check the backyard again. Would you please go recheck the bedrooms? Sure. How am I gon na get you downstairs? What the hell am I gon na do? I know hide-and-seek. You're gon na play hide-and-seek. Mom, Mom, I found him Ohh Where was he? He said he was hiding. play the game. Is Emma all right? Oh, she's fine. It's just the storm. (Thunder) She hates the thunder, but she's a she's a big girl. She knows there's nothing to be afraid of, right? Sweetie, Mommy's here. Can you can you face me, please? No. It's going to happen again. What's gon na happen again? Something bad, like before. Something bad happened that night? Now, that that's enough. I'm talking to Emma. No, you're grilling her. Is that what you brought her here for? To interrogate her about the night my brother was killed? She saw something that scared her. Yeah, well, you you take Emma upstairs. I'll handle this. She's not going anywhere. Well, nothing is broken. It still hurts off. She could've killed you. I couldn't find her. She's gone. Did you call the station? I don't want to involve the police. She'll start talking about Randi. We got to handle this ourselves. Yeah, well, it's too late for that. She could tell the police everything right now. Trust me, she ain't going to the cops. I never should've said anything. Now you're treating me like I'm a pathetic invalid. That's exactly why I didn't want anyone to know. I'm just trying to be supportive. Yeah, but you don't have to wait on me hand and foot. I'm fine. People in relationships help each other. You want to fight this. Let's fight together. You may not need me, but I need you. You see, that's where you're wrong. Because I need you 'm calling security. Go ahead. Oh, I know what I was going to ask you. What do you think the judge is gon na say when he finds out that Annie was hanging out with Emma? Probably send her straight to prison. No, Mommy It's ok, sweetie. Mommy's not going anywhere. That's up to Adam. Ok, Adam, don't. Don't call security. I don't respond well to threats, especially from someone deeply in my debt. I don't respond well to being backed into a corner by anyone. Hey. What's going on? Slater was just leaving. Sweetheart, I love you so much. Remember the angel, ok? Everything's gon na be all right. I love you. Come on, honey. Someone want to tell me what that was really about? No. Don't fight us on this, up murders, autopsy findings? Both of your careers are on the line. You just got your career back. Yeah, but, Mom, I Look, you know what? You wanted to fight for your country, and I watched you go. Then you got called up again. I watched you go. I am not gon na watch you risk your life chasing some woman who wants you dead I should be the one protecting my wife, Mom. Hey, look, it's not that simple. We are all involved with this way too deep to walk away now. Where's Randi? She's at Fusion. But I'm meeting her at home later. Good. Go home. Keep your eye on her. I will look out for Madison. I can find her. She just attacked you There's no telling what she'll do now. What, pull a knife? A gun? Look You take care of your wife. While she's still a free woman, huh? Need some help with that? Nope. Ok. All right. So what else can I do? You know what? I think we're cool. Sorry you wasted a trip. Oh, hey. Thank you for coming. Don't mention it. I was looking to pitch in, but I hear you guys have everything covered. Are you kidding? Look at this list I have. I could be here the entire night. Ohh. Which is sad, because I was supposed to have a romantic night with Frankie tonight. Wait, you guys made up? Well, we were gon na try. Oh, nice. Well, look, you need to get out of here. Whatever you have left on that list to do, I'm sure Natalia and I can take care of it. Right? Really You guys are the best Ok, if you can get this done, then I will take care of everything else. It's done. All right, good night. All right, so how do we split this up? Hmm. If you ask me, the network made a big mistake letting you walk. A bunch of us wanted to follow you. But with unemployment the way it is and I completely understand. Thank you. And I won't breathe a word to the new host. Well, she's got nothing on you. Thank you. Isn't that the cameraman from " New Beginnings "? Mm-hmm. Tommy said the ratings are down 30%. Ha ha ha Well, I guess you're pretty happy about that. I sure am. Ha Honestly, I just want the work that I do to matter. And what we're doing here, this really does matter. Thank you yet. You believed in me. You gave me the strength to believe in myself again, and that that feels so good. Ah. I'm sorry. No, no, don't apologize. We should take it easy. Why? Because of the cancer? I'm gon na beat this disease. And with you in my corner, how could I not? (J.R.-and-Marissa-kiss) (Thunder) Can you give me one sec? Yeah. David, what's up? Sure. Ok. Bye. Don't be mad. I have to go. Right now? Yeah. David needed my help with something at Wildwind. Yeah, but he can wait. It sounded really important. I'm sorry. (Thunder) So Slater brought Emma over here to, what, jog her memory about the murder? Jog? Hell, he was giving her the third degree. Do you think she knows something turning this into way too big of a deal. Zach brought Emma over because I asked him to. So he's doing you favors now? Not for me. For my daughter. I mean, Zach knows how much his kids miss their mother. He probably knows that Emma misses me just as much. He he was doing something nice and generous. And he makes one mention of that night, and you go ballistic. Well, can you blame him? Zach's wife killed my father on a night just like this. The storm, the blackout it probably brought back all kinds of bad memories. Yeah, and I'm trying to make sense out of it. It's I'm trying to separate what I've been told from what I've seen for myself, and it's a mess. If I could just remember. Why, though? Why? The killer is in prison. Justice is being served. Why ca on to happier things? We agreed that's what Stuart would want. Right. All right, think ahead our wedding. How can I help? Really? Yes. Ok. Um, I'll get some notes, and I'll meet you upstairs. Ok. Ok. All right, Scott ahem I'll see you in the morning. Yeah, good night, Uncle Adam. Yeah. Not cool. What did I do? His brother is dead. He needs to make peace with that. He deserves to know what really happened. What happened is I found Adam wandering in this house, and I took him up to the attic. So he lived and Stuart died. Do you know how tortured he is about that? Do you know how hard I've had to work to ease his pain? So I will not let you burden him with this anymore. It was a horrible Why are you trying to force Adam to remember? You talk like you're a victim, like this has caused you so much pain. No, no, no, just the opposite, right? Adam was so grateful for your help, he got you out of jail and moved you into the mansion, put a ring on your finger. No, no, no, no. The way I look at it, my father's death was the best thing that ever happened to you. Oh, you know, you all question my motives and question my love for Adam, but you don't think about my pain. When he hurts, I hurt. That alone should let you know that what we have is real. Hey, Emma. Are you trying to give me a heart attack? Ryan will be home any minute. My mom told me everything. Is Spike ready? He's upstairs with my mom. I'll go Yeah. It's hard for her being away from the boys. It's not fair. She shouldn't be punished for an accident. Colby's helping Spike put his toys away. He'll be down in a minute. Hey, Emma? So Zach and I are doing our very best to help Spike's mommy get out of prison, but we need your help. Can you help us? Hmm? I mean, you know the difference between a truth and a lie, don't you? Yeah. So it is very important that you tell us exactly what happened the night that Stuart was shot. I want to go home And Colby's gon na take you home. She is. But first, I want to talk about that night, ok? If you make me talk about that, I'll tell Daddy that you took me to see Mommy. Hey, why wasn't I notified that Zach Slater was here have been cleared by me or my uncle Sir, Mr. Slater did not come in the front gate. He must've slipped in the back. " Slipped in the back "? If people can just slip in, then what is my uncle paying you for? Ms. Lavery had me pull a bunch of guys off the perimeter to put up storm windows. Apparently it's a bad one rolling in. Ok, thanks. What are you gon na give me? So as you can see, I have a few ideas. But if I could get your opinion to narrow it down, that would be great. Ok. So this is our cake. It's enormous, I know, but the only question is, vanilla, chocolate, or red velvet? Adam? Cake? Oh, no. Not for me, thanks. Ok, um, centerpieces. We have a ton traditional with candles or something seasonal like little pumpkins. I'm sorry. I am so sorry. I no matter how hard I try, I just I keep thinking about that night. I wish so much that I could help you. Oh, you do. Just by being in my life you will be. What would I do without you? What? You're never gon na have to worry about that. Hi. Hey. Where's Corrina? Oh, she had a family emergency. Oh. So why didn't anybody call me? We were fine, and I knew things were really busy down at Fusion. I I figured I wouldn't bother you. Huh. Well, if it happens again, please bother me. Please call me, ok? Ok. Ok. Um, yeah. So are you and Erica really gon na dance on TV? Yeah not just, you know, the two of us. There's gon na be a lot of people to help raise money to feed the children. You should sign up for this. Maybe I will. How's it going? It's it's kind of chaotic right now. But you know Erica when she puts her mind to something not only does it get done, it gets done perfectly. Yeah, it's pretty amazing. Yeah. She's a pretty amazing woman. I didn't hear everything, just Emma telling Annie that she wouldn't tell. That's huge. I mean, it proves that Emma witnessed something, and Annie knows it. That's why she was so desperate to see her mom. She's got to have her keep her secret. She claims she was telling Emma that it was about the visit. Well, she was using emotional blackmail on her child, right? " Do mommy again. " You know, that's the reason why she was drawing those pictures of prison. Well, sure, she was feeling guilty about Kendall. But she's afraid she's not gon na see her mother again. It's a big storm. Power went out at Chandlers'. And Emma said she was scared that something bad would happen again. Did she actually say that? Yeah. They were both reliving the night of the murder Emma and Adam. He wouldn't tell me anything, and she just started talking about an accident. So maybe I don't know. Maybe a gun went off by mistake. Kendall-eavesdrops-from 2-upstairs " Mistake. " Come on, everybody in this town was on a mission. And who hasn't admitted to being in the house and wanting to see Adam dead? Look, a lot of people had a lot stronger motive to kill Adam than Annie, including Kendall. Just whatever's on tap, thanks. Hey, Marissa. Hey. What's wrong? Nothing. It's J.R ., isn't it? Hey, hey, you don't have to cover for him. Ok? He hasn't shown up at work for days. He's been blowing off meetings. He's probably on a bender. If he did something to you No. It's just me. I think I'm falling in love with him. Madison North went from making threats against our family to trying to kill our son. Her next move could be just about anything. And with nothing left to lose, you just don't get any more dangerous than that. Damn it, I went too far, baby. Sweetheart, this is not your fault. I mean, Madison was going to snap no matter what. But to go after Frankie like that a blow to the head could've been with a heavy object that's the same way Henry North died. Well, Randi grabbed a bookend, the first thing she could find to defend herself. She hit him, she ran. She came back, he was dead. She didn't think she hit him that hard. Well, how hard isn't as important as where. I mean, it has to be just the right spot to cause a brain injury. No. There's still something. The bookend, now this award? What? What are you thinking? I'm thinking that I need to question Madison about her husband's death again. Randi? Is anybody home? Hey. Hey. That was me calling. Oh. I'm sorry, babe. I tried to get back home before you, and I wanted to have dinner ready, but I got stuck at Fusion. Erica is throwing the charity event of the I don't need no fancy meal. What I do need is my wife. Oh, my baby we both know why don't we save the trouble? It's the words not spoken here that bring us back to love quietly we whisper and softly we collide baby, please ohh Kendall-'s-voice I know you throw my case. I get a life sentence, and you get my husband. I'm trying to protect you. I'm trying to make sure you decompress, so I have enough time to find some proof against Annie. You are never going to forgive me, are you, Zach, for sleeping with Ryan? Or Aidan? No matter what I do, no matter what I say. I'm not giving up on you. Like hell you won't. No, I am not having second thoughts about Kendall. I'm just saying that a lot of other people wanted to put a bullet into Adam, Emma calling it an accident? Because that's what Annie wants Emma to believe, right? She wants her to believe that it was some sort of innocent mistake. Only the mistake was that she shot the wrong guy. But pulling that trigger that was cold-blooded and it was deliberate. So what you saw tonight was a mother trying to convince her child of why she committed murder. So you call it an accident, and that puts a kid's mind at ease, makes everything ok. (Phone-chimes) Ah. Colby got the kids in safe, and Ryan does not suspect a thing. All right. We're making headway. What kind of headway are we making? We still don't have anything that's going to exonerate Kendall. We got Annie and Emma. There's something going on there, you know, and we'll figure it out. That mansion, man. If those walls could talk. Huh. Well, apparently these and saying, " Mommy is in the wall. " He's still doing that, huh? I told you, he's pretending that his mom's here. (Thumping) Are you gon na tell me that was pretend? (Zach-sighs) (Thunder) Maybe a branch fell on the roof. Ok, you can give me all the explanations that you want, but can you explain this? So Spike keeps looking at the wall and saying his mom is in the wall. That just why is it hollow? It's a crawlspace for storage. Where's the door? No door. I had it walled up because of the kids, you know, walking around. It's a safety issue. (Thunder) (Ian-cries) I'm gon na check on Ian. (Music-plays-at-ConFusion) It's what I want more than anything to be with J.R ., and I just I care about him so much. Shouldn't want to hear it. That a beautiful, incredible woman loves him? What guy wouldn't want to hear that? Maybe a guy who's lost people he loves. Because it gets too scary. I mean, J.R. and I have both been through that. And so have you, right? I mean, it's not something that you just get over. And when someone tries to get close, you put up a guard to protect yourself. Because in the back of your mind, you're always thinking that you could lose them, too. What's wrong? That felt different, like good-bye. Please tell me this isn't over. We are just getting started. We're gon na be ok. (Frankie-kisses-Randi) I promise. Any sign of Madison? No. And if I don't find her soon, I have a feeling it's gon na get real ugly. done such a wonderful job Oh, I just can't wait for tomorrow Well, now it's time to go home and rest those pretty little feet. Oh, I'm way too excited to rest. I mean, think about it. Think about tomorrow. All the people are gon na be here. They're gon na fill this room. So much energy and excitement and unity. I mean, this is exactly the kind of event that's going to just, oh, bring the entire community together. That's right. That's right. Let's go. Come on. All right. Come on. Ahh. Did you guys come down to say good night to your dad? Oh, that was nice. That was nice. Hey, did you like having Colby as a babysitter? Did you? Oh, great. Because, you know, Corrina needs a little time off, so that's good. Ian. Ian? Ian. Ian Did you play with Ian today? Yep. You did? Did did Zach bring Ian by to see you guys? He wasn't here. You can tell me. It's ok, sweetie. You you sure Zach wasn't here? Why would Spike say " Ian " and that he played with Ian? He must miss Ian like I miss Mommy. Hi. What the hell was that noise? Oh, I'm sorry. Did it interrupt your date? You almost blew the whole thing. What " whole thing " are you talking about? I thought you were working to prove that Annie killed Stuart. And now you're saying you don't even know if she did it? So much for believing I'm innocent. I've always believed that you're innocent. Well, it didn't sound like that. I heard I was at the Chandlers', and there was something new between Annie and Emma. It got me thinking. That Annie didn't kill Stuart? Well, if she didn't, I think she knows who does. They have a secret, and I want to find out what it is. 
Aha My beautiful wife. Hi I am just sitting here enjoying our beautiful new parlor. Didn't we do an amazing job? Oh, yes, yes. Yeah. Ah. Huh. J.R ., shouldn't you be on your way over here? Listen, Little Adam gave me his cold, so I'm not gon na be able to help out with the audit for a few days. Well, happily, we have someone who can pitch in for you while you're convalescing. Who's Dad talking to? J.R. I guess he's not feeling well. Get some rest. Well, looks like you're going to be doing more than correlating quarterlies. Well, let the fun begin. (Doorbell-rings) Oh. I'll be back. So J.R .' s sick? He sounded half dead. Ok, you know, don't even joke. Ok, have fun up there, Ems. Why did you favor. Val, excellent job getting the phone systems back up and running. However, those I.T. specialists of ours? They have yet to be able to retrieve the files. Maybe we should get a hacker, one with experience programming worms to debug the system? You want to hire a criminal? A reformed criminal. I think it's a great idea. Let's get Fusion back on track. Val, you coordinate with Madison to find a " reformed hacker. " And hold my calls, will you? No matter what, no matter who, do not disturb. I'll be in my office. Ok, it's your idea. Where do you want to start? (Line-rings) Hello? Kendall, it's me. Mom, is everything ok? You sound serious. Is Fusion up and running? Fusion's under control, but there's something else you and I need to deal with Ryan. have a problem with you and Ryan seeing each other. I know what you said. Now I want the truth. My fiance won't be joining us for this meeting. I hope that won't be a problem. It's a first for me. Planning these events almost always falls on the bride. Well, it's kind of a surprise for Valentine's Day. How romantic. Now, this wedding has to be one that no one will want to miss. Ryan and me as a couple I want your honest, emotional response. Kendall, are you still there? All right. Ok. You want honesty? Ok, I'll be honest. I find it incredibly weird and uncomfortable and wrong, just wrong on every level. It's just wrong, ok, Mom? I wish you had never gotten involved with Ryan. It's certainly honest. Just wait a second. I'm not judge you for your relationship with Ryan. Because, after all, I was with Ethan before I married Zach. So I can't say that what you're doing with Ryan is wrong. But I do have to say this, and you don't have to answer me. Mom, Ryan is an incredible man. But deep down, do you really think he's the man you're meant to be with? Ok, Mom, now I really do have to go. Zach chartered a private yacht, so we can spend some quality time alone with Spike and Ian for a while. We need a complete break, so we will be out of contact for a long time. I understand. You're the only one with our satellite phone information, so can you please only call if it's a real emergency? All right. Well, you take care and kiss those boys, give the boys my love. I will. I love you, . How can you be so mean? Dad, J.R. is sick. How can you be so dramatic? He has a cold, not yellow fever. And not cancer? You know, huh? Well, he's in remission, thank God. Yes, but it could come back. No, it won't. But if it does, what are you gon na do? I will do everything in my power to make him well again. Well, it's not that easy. If J.R. gets sick, I'll just have to rethink a whole lot of things. Look, if this is a problem for you, I'm sure Emma would love a sleepover at Kathy's house. Oh, no, no. I want Emma right here with me. It's just you and Erica, really? What, Annie? Why is it so hard for you to imagine just that you're Spike's dad, and Erica Stop. Stop. Is it for the press, Ryan? I mean, anything for free publicity for the Miranda line, right? Wow. Ok, this conversation is over. I was married to you once, remember? I know you a lot better than you think. Just tell Emma I will call her later. Hey. Looks like you and Ryan almost had an understanding. Ryan's delusional. There's no way he can make this relationship with Erica work any more than he could make our marriage work. No. The only woman Ryan has ever fully given his heart to is the woman who drove me straight to the rubber room. Now, there's a small chapel on the property. It's the perfect setting for an intimate gathering with friends and family. I want to make sure that the place is filled with candles, ok? Have you thought Popular choice. Let me show you some of our floral designs featuring roses. Ok. You know, on second thought, why don't we go with white sweet peas? Wonderful. These oh, these sprays look delightful in candlelight. You know, I like that one right there. Excuse me. It's one of my more needy patients. Brides can be equally demanding. If you only knew. Do you happen to have any photos of petals on the aisle? Ok, that's perfect. And the bouquet? Yeah, I was thinking something elegant and understated. And now about the invitations Oh, no need. Those have already gone out. Hey. Hey. You still feeling like crud? This round of chemo's really kicking my ass. But I'll be all right just as long as I have some beautiful inspiration Like you in those running shoes Yeah, from a secret admirer. Well, don't look at me. I would've done a lot better than a card. Ohh. Wow, I shouldn't have opened it. Why? What is it? It's a wedding invitation. David is getting married. What? You got to be kidding me. Who'd he drug this time? I have no idea. Actually, the computer systems are being handled right now. I'm sorry. Can you hold, please? Fusion. No, Erica Kane personally guarantees that each order is going to be filled. Yes. Yes. Uh-huh. Can I help you? Delivery for Erica Kane. I hightailed it over here just as quick as I could. What's wrong, hon? I have to break up with Ryan. I thought the cybercrime unit was handling this case. We were the first cops on the scene Because they're trained in computers. That's why. Why don't you go on a doughnut run, cadet. That's an order. Let me show you something about teamwork. Hey, I can handle it myself Ha ha ha. What's this, the diary of your life, things you want to do? Give me that. Hold on. Hold it. (Brot-chuckles) " Cadet Monroe has shown remarkable improve " All right, that's enough. Ow. " Training session. Cadet Monroe needed to be schooled. " Now, just hold on a minute, honey. You and Ryan got something special. Why would you want to pull the plug on it? Ryan wants to whisk me away for a romantic getaway. That makes him a keeper in my book. Last night I stared at an empty suitcase for three hours. I couldn't even pack a single pair of am I with Ryan? Where are we going? Do we have what it takes to last? Have you heard of that expression " live in the moment, " especially when you're being offered moments like this? Opal, that's what I've been doing, and it doesn't work for me. Last summer Ryan took me sailing at the marina. I was up to my eyeballs with work, I was worried about Kendall, and Ryan offered me the perfect escape. And it was one of the most wonderful days I've had in a very long time, but that's what our relationship has been, opal. Ryan has been my escape. Yeah, but is that a bad thing? I mean, we all need a break now and then. But when escapism becomes a way of life, well, then it's avoidance, and I can't do this anymore, Opal. Not to Ryan, and not to me. J.R. to stick to your whole merit trust conditions. These clauses have been put in place to protect my family, not harm them. Finally, you are starting to make some sense. Dad, J.R. and Little A shouldn't lose the inheritance just because J.R. is physically unable to meet your demands. No one should. I'm impressed. You've concocted this unlikely situation where J.R. gets sick again to illustrate your perceived flaws in the trust. Or would you rather just have me eliminate the damn trust entirely? Oh, God, Dad. You know, not everything is a manipulation, ok? I am not playing you Am I interrupting something? No. No, no. We're done. (Adam-sighs) What was that about? Control. I'm so sick of his crap. You know, all this bull about how he wants to be a real family and how he's sorry for everything he wedding with some mystery bride. Wonder where he dug her up. I don't know. Probably in his lab. You know what? I'm not gon na let him do this to me again. Well, then forget that you even saw the stupid invitation. No. No. I'm gon na go over to Wildwind right now and tell him exactly how I feel. No, don't. Ignore him. Whatever game that David's playing, you don't want to know. All right, come on out, my demanding bride. Ugh. Red roses. I already had the tacky Vegas wedding. All right, fine. But what's wrong with a spray? You didn't even see the picture. Sprays equal funerals, and I'm coming back from the dead. Trust me, no one's gon na care about flowers once you lift your veil. Ryan's gon na be crushed when he 're carrying. Payback is a bitch. For you, fresh from the stove of Supersteins. (J.R.-chuckles) Heard I wasn't feeling well? Well, it's chicken and rice soup, nature's remedy. Can it cure cancer? Ok, you need to tell Dad you're out of remission. No. No way. Why not? Because I refuse to die. I got in remission once, I'll get in there again. Ok, well, if you need anything, I will be there. Listen, I'm gon na be around to babysit your grandkids. You got it? Ok. Whatever you say. Good. So what is this urgency to tell Adam? Well, if Dad knew the cancer returned, maybe he would take a second look at his own life. Starting with his marriage to Annie? Annie, how do you feel about the merit trust? Honestly well, you saw how I initially reacted to it. I was hurt. I was upset. I was angry. I thought you were trying to punish me. Oh, I'd never do that. I know that now. You were just looking out for me, and I love you for it. I want my family to be safe after well, when I can no longer be here. Well, Colby and J.R. should understand that. And I want Colby to have the finest, unconditional love from someone who can protect her after I'm gone. She'll come around. And J.R.? God, I miss J.R. I wish we were closer. It'll happen. I have this feeling that I'm losing everyone who really matters to me. No, no, no, no. You'll never, ever lose me. Yeah. I have to do something. Oh, you no, no. You and Scott have work to do. Ok. Well, let me know if you need anything, ok? Yeah, I'll let you know. Ryan and I have always been wonderful friends, caring, supportive, but we were never meant for happily ever after. Well, that's horse-hockey. Great romances start with great friendships. Not true with Ryan and me. Here. See this? Now, you look at this picture. There. What do you see? Well, I see two gorgeous people with a boatload of chemistry. Opal, look at our smiles They're forced. Well, so? Ryan ain't used to being around loads of camera flashing bulbs. That's all right. Well, we're just wrong for each other, ok? Why don't you just admit it? This thing is in French. Where the heck did you get this, anyway?n't give me that. I know you better. You hate the tabloids. Now, come on. Fess up. Someone sent it to me. Name? Jack. Jackson Montgomery? Yes, Jackson Montgomery. You saw Jack yesterday? Before these Ryan doubts started churning. Opal, this is about Ryan and me, not Jack and me. Mm-hmm. Jack is staking another claim on your heart, isn't he? No, that's not what happened. Oh, really? Jack opened my eyes to the truth. Ms. Kane and I should be arriving at the airport in, I don't know, about a couple hours, I think. Fantastic. Then we will be leaving as soon as you guys are ready. Thanks. Everything's been delivered. As instructed. No backing out now. Well, that's not true. If you want out, we can no rules apply. No, I'm done hiding. I'm reclaiming my life and Fusion. The new Mrs. David Hayward, feisty as ever. Hmm. May be our first RSVP. (Knocking) Marissa. What a wonderful surprise. Is this wedding thing a ploy to lure me here? You got my invitation? Yeah, well, apparently, that's the only way that you can communicate with me. You were so upset at the hospital, I wasn't sure if I should call. Yeah, or drop by and tell me what's going on. I'm your daughter, your only child, and this is how you tell me that you're getting married? You should not pull this junk on me Would you do this to Babe? I'm back here for you, Marissa, so we can try to have a real father-daughter relationship. You're back for revenge. I did 're telling the truth. Coming back has nothing to do with us building a relationship. No, it has everything to do with you. More than anything, Marissa, I want you in my life. It's just really complicated right now. Another excuse not to be honest. All right, look, I know I made plenty of mistakes No kidding. But so have half of the other people in this town. Why am I the only one being crucified for them? Look at Jake. Where was the public outcry when he told me my son was dead? He is not your son. But we didn't know that at the time. All I ever wanted was a family, and I had that with Trevor and Amanda. I'm your family. Me. What you had with Trevor and Amanda was a big freaking lie. Ok, but, you see, the problem is you can't understand, because the same parents. You know, Sunday dinners and bedtime stories. What? How many times have I reached out to you? How many times have you chosen revenge over me? You see the difference right now? My happiness will be my best revenge this time. Oh, yeah. With the help of your mystery bride? This marriage helps me stay in town. And gives you the family that you've always wanted? It gives me hope that maybe someday I can be a real father for you. My real father is dead. If Dad knew the cancer returned, he would pick you over Annie. Wrong. We've already tried that, Annie or us, and we saw how that worked out. That was different, though, J.R. You told Dad you were in remission. I've already used my cancer once to manipulate him. I'm not gon na do it again. Ok,, he's made his decision, Colby. You have to accept it. J.R ., I know you love Dad. Please, just tell him you're sick, and we can get that psycho bitch out of our lives and that stupid will. Colby, if there's anything that I've learned these past few months, it's to not waste time on needless drama. Now, if you want to roll around in the mud, that's your choice. But I won't help you. Oh, no. What? I forgot to give this to Erica. She's gon na kill me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Probably another marriage proposal. Add it to the pile. Sort through it later. Ryan and I have both been using this relationship to hide. Jack and Kendall both asked me the same thing Is Ryan the one? Is he my future? And the answer is no . But in the future, no. Jack made me realize that I will never find my soul mate as long as I'm with Ryan. So maybe Jack is your forever man. That's not what I'm saying. It's not even what I'm talking about. What I'm saying is that I just need to end things with Ryan for both our sakes. Well, how do you think Ryan is gon na go for that? Ryan was building his life around Greenlee. Their love was much more than an escape. Ryan needs to somehow deal with his loss so he can let go of Greenlee, and he can be free to love someone else. Hello? I must've left, like, a dozen messages on your extension. Val refused to connect me through. Is everything ok? Is there a big emergency over there at Fusion? I just needed the quiet. Hey, is everything ok? You seemed . Sounds like somebody needs to escape. Well, get your stuff together, because we are going to the islands. Ryan, I'm not going away with you. Hey. You talk to Bailey? You explain the whole " you, me in my bedroom " thing Completely innocent? It was rough. Yeah, but she got it? Actually, she took Stuart home to her parents to figure stuff out. Wow. Oh. Don't worry. She'll come back. She has to. And by the time she does, you'll have your whole burglary charges against you dropped. And hopefully find a job. This is my 12th application today. Don't worry. You will find something. It's not like I can use Pierre or Seasons East as references. Well, you could use me as a reference. You know, the Chandler mojo. Thanks. Well, you're same for mine. Yeah, the dragon lady was pretty steamed at the police station. Well, I am not talking about her. I am talking about my dad. What did he do? He married Annie Lavery. Where have you been? I've been waiting in the library. Calm down. I was talking to Adam. Well, that doesn't give you a hall pass on the audit. I think Adam's having second thoughts about the merit trust. Ok. How does that affect me or you? It doesn't. But I think Colby's really starting to get to him. And so Colby convinces Uncle Adam to drop the merit trust, and you're home free. No. Colby convinces Adam to drop just her conditions, and we get screwed. Oh. I have no problem meeting the rules. Do you? I have a problem with Colby trying to work every person . Open your eyes, Scott. She's trying to con you, too. I mean, she still wants me out of Adam's life. Where's your proof? I don't need proof. As a former manipulator, I can spot her moves before she makes them. And now who's trying to con me, hmm? Where's your warrant, Officer Fowler? Don't need one, cadet. I've got probable cause. For what? Sampling my kisses? Don't be shy. You think I'm special. Yeah, special in that annoying kind of way. Oh, come on. Just admit it. You put the Hershey kisses on my desk as a peace offering. You know, I love a good kiss. Don't you? " To my special daughter. Hope you enjoy the Hershey's kisses. Love, Dad. " I'll talk to Marissa You really think so, huh? I doubt she'll even show up at the wedding. Oh, she'll be there. She's your daughter. Thank you for convincing me to stay. Family supports family, and you're mine. Don't forget it. You know, that's funny, because I didn't see Jack's name on your invite list. I don't want him there. This is about getting back at Erica and Ryan. My father shouldn't be collateral damage. You have to tell him, Greenlee. I will, after the wedding. You're not gon na have time. Jack is on Erica's speed dial, and she's gon na blow you out of the water before you even say " I do. " Oh, my God, you're right. I didn't even think about that. What am I gon na do? Make it right with him. Talk you're still alive. Isn't he in Europe somewhere? Well, right about now you might want to check the chapel. Gorgeous, even after your feeble attempt to veto the vacation. We can't go. Something happened. You're right. Something has happened. Something that you can't escape from for a couple days? It's all we've been doing. I thought you enjoyed it. I did in the beginning. Ryan, we have to face reality. Translation? We can't do this anymore. Oh I don't scheme to get what I want anymore. I believe you. Do you? Well, let's put it to a test, shall we? It's just you and me here, and the security cameras were taken out with the renovation. So if you hadn't changed, how would you use this merit trust to your advantage . I don't. This is just an exercise. In manipulation? In your ability to read situations. Simple. I would get Colby to fall for the wrong kind of guy, and I would take her share of the money. Hmm. And J.R.? Keep him out of the house. And what would you do to me? Guess. Then we'd both be out of the trust. Could be worth it. Annie is a money-grubbing mega-slut. Don't hold back or anything. You know, let the anger out. You know, she almost killed my father. Yeah. Death by a lap dance that's how I want to go. You know, that really wasn't funny. It's a little funny. Ok, well, that witch she convinced my dad she's his angel. I mean, that is disgusting. She makes me sick plant a boot in her ass? Oh, that was my plan, and I had it all planned out. J.R. wouldn't go along with it. I hate this trust. Am I getting a burger for this story? Oh. So my dad he made this whole legal trust demanding I marry someone from a good family or else I get almost no money. This is what you should do, Colby. You should put an ad on the internet " Looking for love if you have 10 mil in the bank. " You know, you're a jerk. I hid you in my house, I stood up to my mom, and I listened to you bitch. But when I want to vent for a few minutes, you just joke. So you know what, Damon? I don't need this. I am out of here. Colby, I'm sorry. Don't be like that. No, you depend on and who I can't. So you didn't believe me, huh? Came here to check on me? Afraid I was playing hooky? Or worse That I got drunk, fell off the wagon, hung-over? You sounded horrible on the phone. You look even worse. Well, thank you for the ego boost. I spoke with Colby. Damn it. I told Colby not to say anything. Last thing I want is your pity. I'm gon na beat this. You're out of remission? You didn't know? Uh-uh. When did it happen? It doesn't matter, because cancer's not gon na win. I will. ( Adam-and-J.R. -hug ) " We can't do this anymore "? Ryan, our friendship is perfect, and I never expected it to grow into a full-blown relationship, and the truth is it never should have. If we were complicated. We could make them as uncomplicated as possible. There's way too much between us Kendall, Spike. But we deserve to be happy. We do. But we can't be together anymore. We've been pretending that this is more than it really is. We were so incredible together. You can't deny that. And I care very much for you, so much. But we could never say those three magical little words to each other and speak them the way they were meant to be said. I don't love you, Ryan, not the way you are meant to be loved, and I know that you don't love me that way either. I'm not gon na settle for less, and I won't let you settle for less either, not when the people who are meant to be loved by us are out there for us. Well, Hayward, this had better be good. I have a flight to Paris to catch. What you can possibly want from my Hi, Dad. 
If you hadn't changed, how would you use this merit trust to your advantage? I thought you didn't care about it? I don't. This is just an exercise. In manipulation? And your ability to read situations. Simple. I'd get Colby to fall for the wrong guy so I'd get her share of the money. And J.R.? Just keep him out of the house. And what would you do to me? Guess. Then we'd both be out of the trust. Could be worth it. I spoke with Colby. J.R. Damn it I told Colby not to say anything. Last thing I want is your pity. I'm gon na beat this. You're out of remission. You didn't know? Uh-uh. When did it happen? Doesn't matter. This cancer's not gon na win. I will. (Marissa-enters) Good. You're home. didn't want you to look at me like that. I don't love you, Ryan, not the way you are meant to be loved, and I know that you don't love me that way either. I'm not gon na settle for less, and I won't let you settle for less either. Not when the people who are meant to be loved by us are out there for us. You know I'm right, don't you? Gorgeous and wise and honest, even when it's very hard to be. I'm sorry. Uh-uh. Don't be sorry. You're amazing, do you know that? I wish it had been you. I wish it had been you, too. Greenlee? It's really oh, my God. You're alive? Of course, you don't want to be pitied. You're your own man. But you're in a fight now I have my support system. You have your family. Don't shut us out. We want to help you Do you believe this? I wanted family. I begged you to choose family, but you chose Annie. So why the hell should I turn to you now? J.R ., you need to relax. No, no. I'm fine. Well, I'm sorry if I've upset you. I love you, J.R ., and I'm concerned. So I'm supposed to just trust you now? This coming from the man who would rather have a relationship with a psycho than his own son? This is not about Annie This is about you and your health Oh, yeah, Dad. I have cancer. I have cancer, ok? But that doesn't change a single thing between us. I want to help you. No. You want to control me. No been trying to control me ever since I was born, with lies, manipulation, and money. Well, now I've got cancer, Dad, so here's your shot, all right? J.R ., don't. It's an angle you haven't used before. Now, you want what's best for me? You want what's best for me? No, you want what's best for you And you proved that the moment you chose Annie. Son son J.R. Hey, guys. Hey. Hey. We didn't, um, we didn't hear you. You been home long? No, no. I just got here. What's up? Just working. Oh. Hmm. Who knew crunching numbers could work up such a sweat? We really should get back to the spreadsheets. Yes, you don't want to keep the sheets waiting Out. Well, he'll be sorry he missed all the fun. You know, he's always been a sucker for counting his money. See ya. Ok, why did you call me? I wanted to say I'm sorry. You know, Damon, you're a jerk. But you called me back, so there's hope. What do you want? I got the ConFusion job. I start today. I thought maybe you could drop by, I'll buy you some fries to make it up to you. Maybe. You know she saw us, and you know she's gon na tell Adam. If she does, I can say good-bye to this house, and you can say good-bye to this company. Well, I guess that answers that question. What question? Was it worth it? It really is much better this way, you know. I mean, with you as a friend. So so we're ok? More than ok. I mean, really, truly deep down. A little sad maybe. You? I'm a little sad. You're not devastated? Ha ha Would you like me to be devastated? I am Erica Kane. Most men when they lose me, they're a little bit devastated. Well, then I am definitely a little bit devastated. Ha. Good. Do you think do you think we screwed it up? I think this is one of the most civilized breakups I've ever had. No. I'm talking about our friendship. I just hope the jumping into bed didn't ruin everything. We didn't jump. We were friends first for a very long time, and we're friends now again. Only closer. And partners. I mean, are we still running Fusion together? Ok, good. We're certainly gon na have our work cut out for us, that's for sure. Oh, we're gon na get Fusion back on track and in the black in no time. No. I'm talking about the press. I mean, we just made our big announcement. I'm a little curious how we'll handle the unannouncement. Oh, I think that we have so many more important things to deal with. What if we don't? That is genius. What? I'm just thinking about the incredibly lucky man that's gon na fall in love with you heart and soul. Oh, you are gon na find someone, too. No, no, no. No. Not gon na happen for me. My God, I'm not dreaming, am I ?' Cause I've had this dream a lot. Me, too. It's kept me going. this possible? Honey, wh where were you? What happened? I'm here, and I'm going to be your daughter for eons to come. Can we just leave it at that for now? I'm looking forward to every minute of it, yeah, but you have to make me understand how this how this could be. I mean, how did you survive that accident? Greenlee, the fall alone would have killed anyone, and that river was freezing. Sweetheart, they found you but here you are. How? Someone found me. I was unconscious, almost dead. I was in a coma for months, and when I woke up, I was I was so confused. I still thought it was my wedding day. Oh. And then when I found out how much time had passed and everybody thought I was dead Why didn't you call us? I couldn't. us? I mean, your name, your face was all over the news. Certainly they knew who you were, that you had people who loved you or were looking for you. What kind of a monster would let your family and friends think you were dead? You know, I just I can't believe I let you get to me again. What? It's not like I held you down. This has to stop, Annie. Ok, can we just stop with the self-flagellation for a second and focus on what is important? Damage control. Ok. Ok. Maybe Colby won't tell Adam. I I don't She'll have a marching band and fireworks. So we we just have to we just have to come up with our story. You were choking and I used my tongue to help? You better take this seriously, because it could be the end of both of us, sweetheart, where are you? I need to talk to Colby. It's important. Colby. I haven't seen her. Well, track her down. Tell her to meet us at the hospital. What's happened? Are you all right? I'm fine. It's J.R. You came. Yeah. I actually had nothing else to do. Oh. Well, I really am sorry for trashing your family. You know, I was I was out of line. At least they give a crap. No. You all right, my family is majorly messed up, like Jerry Springer messed up, especially my wicked step-bitch mother. (Cell-phone-rings) Oh. Sorry. Oh, my step-monster's ears must be burning. Are you gon na answer it? No. I'm gon na let her sweat a little bit longer. Don't be such a pessimist. Huh. else to love. No, it's not pessimism. It's just, uh, it's kind of like a defensive move. Well, I know how much you love to fix things, and I can just imagine you trying to, like, set me up with somebody that you think is perfect or try to get me out there more. Because you deserve to be happy. And I've been happy, the kind of happy that doesn't happen twice. Greenlee? I mean, it took us a while to get there. I left. She left. We hurt each other. We helped each other. We hurt each other, but we always, uh, we always came back. And when we did, nothing could stop us. Or at least, that's what we thought. I'm sorry. No, don't be sorry. I've got enough memories of Greenlee to last me a lifetime. " Surprise say. She even wrote it in her vows, and she was. She was surprised every day. Really? And at night I would just stare up at the moon, and I would just try to will her back. So all those times I saw you looking at the moon, you were thinking of Greenlee, you were missing her? Um the moon was kind of our thing. Oh I'm sorry. No, it's fine. Yeah ?' Cause it means a lot to me that I can talk to you about this, about Greenlee. I'm the one to blame. It was my call. When I woke up and realized how badly I was hurt, I didn't want anyone contacted. Aw, honey, why? Why? Why didn't you want to see us? I couldn't move my legs. The surgery that made this possible was so insanely risky then dying on you all over again. Oh, honey, I could have been there for you, I could have helped you. I know, and I love you for that. But losing me a second time, I couldn't do that to you. So I waited until I knew I'd make it. Here you are. Healthy and strong. Oh And and you are ok, right? I'm here to stay. Good. Does Ryan know? You're the first. Well, I like that, but we have to tell him. Soon. My darling daughter, I can't who is responsible for this miracle? I mean, if I never believed in miracles before, I sure do now. Who is it? I want to thank them for returning my daughter to me. Well, you're in luck. He's here. He's here? You. I just got dizzy. You're not fine. You have cancer. Yeah, it's a little hard to forget with this port in my chest. So, Doc, am I gon na live? No concussion. A stitch or two and you'll be as good as new. Your oncologist might try to adjust your chemo protocols. I want second and third opinions. Yeah, this is exactly why I don't need you here. I want the very best for you. Maybe you could wait outside. All right, I understand that you don't want me to help you right now. But later, if you do, I'll be here. You see that? It's classic Adam. He just wants to control everything. He's just worried about you. He means nothing to me. Is J.R. all right? Uh, he took a fall. He got some stitches. surprised? Where's Colby? Um, I couldn't find her. I called, but she didn't pick up. Damn it, she's got to be here. J.R. needs her. And he needs all of us. For a bump on the head? What's going on? J.R. has cancer. So all this time, all these feelings you had about Greenlee, you felt that you couldn't open up to me that much because we were lovers. Would have been a little awkward, don't you think? Ha. But now that we're friends again, I hope you never hold back with me about anything. Even about Greenlee? Even about Greenlee. Really, I'm honored that you trust me enough to talk to me about what really matters to you. Even though you you weren't exactly a fan? Ha. Ha No, I wasn't think we were ever meant to be friends, but when I hear you talk about how she surprised you and how she made you happy, I can appreciate her for that very much. And listening to you from your point of view, I can understand why you fell in love with her. You really are something, you know that? (Cell-phone-rings) Oh, get that. Sorry. That might be important. Ha. Oh, it's Jesse. He wants to see me. Oh, go. You sure? Of course, I'm sure. It's probably about Fusion. So what are you saying, that Hayward here, that Hayward was the one that rescued you from that riverbank? And kept me alive and found the best surgeon in the world so I could walk again. And you never bothered to tell me? To tell Ryan? To tell Kendall? You just let us grieve? It . The hell you did. What you wanted was to watch our grief, enjoy your secret, enjoy being in control. That's not how it was. You know, you've always loved playing God, David, always. But this? You demented It wasn't like that. You tell me, how was it? Greenlee was barely alive. It was touch and go for months. I didn't want to tell you that she was alive only to have her die on you again. Oh, so you did this for us? When I woke up, I was so weak. My legs were paralyzed. I needed an operation. There was no guarantee I'd even survive. I'm sorry, but that's not a reason for him to keep this to himself. I wanted to come back to you strong, healthy. I wanted this, to tell you myself and share this miracle with you, 'm eternally grateful that you're back, strong and healthy, standing right here in front of me. What's your angle, David, huh? What do you get out of this? You should be thanking David, not attacking him. You dredged up a corpse. You tampered with the DNA so we'd think Greenlee was dead, didn't you? Let me tell you something, he didn't do that for you. He did that because he likes to play master of the universe. Who are you calling? The police. You can't. And now I'm gon na take you as far away from him as I possibly can. I would be dead if it weren't for him. Come on, Greenlee. If you make that call, I really will be dead to you. You can't mean that. Maybe you don't approve of David's methods, but the only reason I'm no way in hell I'm gon na let you throw him in prison. Greenlee, it's all right. No, it's not. If you go anywhere near the police, you will never see me again. Thank you. Listen, honey, you come stay with me. There are so many people who are going to want to see you and talk to you. I mean, Ryan, Kendall No I mean, not so soon. And why is that? Can I have a few minutes with my father? Of course. Just don't overdo it. Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now, but Hayward is not the hero he makes himself out to be. You're right. I don't want to hear it. What he is, Greenlee, is a thief. He stole 12 months from your life. He's got you convinced that he brought use your gratitude against you. You watch. I know hating David is Pine Valley's favorite hobby, but for now, for you and me, just drop it, ok? Ok, of course. Whatever you want. My favorite words. And there is something I want. Sure, of course, you want to see Ryan. I don't want Ryan to know I'm alive. You've got to be kidding me. Valentine's Day? No. No. No way in hell. You know word of your professional teamwork has made it all the way across the Atlantic. How is Kendall gon na explain a thing like that? Her mommy and his daddy are sleeping together? Oh, how dare you? Look, if I have any idea what Ryan's going through, it's because I was in his shoes. I've lost my heart. And yes, I'm talking about you. You, don't you? All those times I slammed J.R. for being drunk, hung-over, huh. Oh, my God. Don't be too hard on yourself. Hey, I got Annie's message. What happened? J.R. fell, hit his head. Bad reaction to the chemo. He told you? Yes. And I wished you'd have told me sooner. I gave J.R. my word. Yeah, I know. I understand, and I'm proud of you. Keeping your promise, helping protect your brother? Yeah, that's my girl. I'm so glad all the secrets are out. I am just glad you finally told Dad. That was an accident. " How are you? I have cancer. " That's an accident? I thought you ratted me out. You jerk, I wouldn't do that. Well, thank you for knowing how to . Ha ha. Dr. Khan wants to adjust your chemo protocol. I'd like to go over it with you. Well, I guess that's my cue. Love you, brother. I love you, too. P.A-.-Announcement Dr. Wise, Dr. Wise, call the lobby. Hey. How is he? He's the coolest brother in the world. Where's my dad? Uh, he and Annie, they went out for some air. So, what is it like when Annie comes up for air? You saw us, didn't you? Everything but full frontal. Props. Huh. Props? You're finally on board, aren't you? The perfect plan. You do Annie, Dad kicks Annie to the curb, problem solved. I'm not playing, Colby. This is over, all right? Have you have you seen my new cell phone? Insane megapixels were there. You didn't. Oh and it's brilliant. Your father just found out that his son has cancer, and you are going to slam him with a picture of Annie and me kissing? No. Actually, I used video. You think he'll divorce Annie. I don't know, but he's definitely gon na wonder about you if he can trust you. And it would be terrible if you got fired for putting your lips on his wife. Again. I told you to pick a side, Scott. Why do I have this crazy feeling that you've already picked it for me? Well, all you have to do is help me get rid of Annie. And if I don't? I am really, really gon na miss you. This is why you wanted J.R. back in the house, why you made it a condition of the merit trust. You were back, and you wanted to be there for him. It would be the world to me if J.R. let me back in his life again. I know, but, Adam, you can't force his decision. J.R. is pushing real hard because he wants to be strong for Marissa and Little Adam. Well, that can't go on forever. What he needs is someone who will shoulder the responsibility for that, who would take care of his family if the worst should happen. Come here. Come here. Whatever you need, I am here for you, ok? Whatever you need. I'm, uh, just not ready to tell Ryan. Was this Hayward's idea? Ha He saved my life. He didn't brainwash me into doing his biddings. All me. You're sure ?' Cause Ryan would want to know you're alive. I think maybe the sooner you told him, the need to do this my way. I needed you to promise that you won't tell anyone you've seen me. Honey, I want to shout it from the rooftops. You're asking me not to say anything? I know, I know. It's asking a lot, but I just need you to trust me on this. It's important. Ok. I I won't tell a soul. I don't know how the hell I'm gon na do that, but I promise you, I won't. (Greenlee-hugs-her-dad) I can't believe you're here. Oh, honey, listen, come stay with me, huh? I mean, you can hide from the world as long as you want. I need to be here. Just for a little while. Ah. I need more time. You've lost so much time already. It was a year ago. A year ago. I mean, you be. Of course. Of course, you're waiting until Valentine's Day because that would be your one-year anniversary, right? Yes. Ah Exactly. What better day to reveal myself. Yeah. Don't you have a plane to catch? I'm not going anywhere. You crazy? You need to get back to your clients. Sweetheart, I'm not gon na leave you. I need you. You need me. Come on. Why don't you give me a week. Go back to Europe, take care of your clients, get everything in order, and then come back, and we'll spend so much time together you'll get sick of me. Oh, no, no, no. Wait. First of all, that's impossible, ok? Ha ha. Well, look at the bright side. I mean, in Europe you don't have anyone to lie to. It in Pine Valley. Please? Ok, I-I'll I'll go, but let me tell you something this is the hardest thing I'll ever do in my entire life. Thank you. Turn around and walk out that door and leave you behind. Then don't. I'll do the walking. I love you so much. I love you. I love you. Hey. Hey. Thanks. How are you holding up? Oh, pretty good. You know, for a jackass who's been slamming his sick cousin for the last few months as a lazy drunk. Well, you didn't know. I shouldn't have written him off, Marissa, same ol' selfish J.R. I was the one who was selfish. Well, I have it on pretty good authority that he's alone right now. Why don't you go tell him? Yeah? Thanks. Ahh cancer? I'm an ass. You're my cousin. You know what sucks about this? I mean, besides everything? Is I hate to ask for help, but this stupid disease forces me to do that. Whatever you need. My family. There's no one I trust more than you to take care of them. Please don't talk like that. Will you do it? You have my word. J.R. is going to be fine. And I'm gon na make sure of it. Whew. Horrible, isn't it? Yes. Little Adam lost his mother, and now his dad is sick. It's not fair. Like you care. I do care. Yeah, only about yourself. J.R. moves back into the house, it changes everything. All that father/son bonding. And you're screwed. Finally and for good. Wow. Ok, and me, the sugary sweet version was starting to get on my nerves. This is much more refreshing. Ha. Well, you know what gets on my nerves? Your tongue down Scott's throat. So that's what's got you all worked up. You know, if I hadn't walked in there, you just would have done it there right on the couch. So what are you gon na do? What are you gon na tell Adam? Go ahead. He's never gon na believe you. What, did you take a picture? No, it's it's even better. Huh. You think he's gon na believe this? What the hell are you doing? o Whoopsies Sorry Slipped. So you think that's gon na stop me from busting you? Try it. Without proof, you are just an immature, spoiled little child who is jealous of Daddy Being nice. Mmm. (Cell-phone-rings) Jack? Thank you for calling me back. I need to see you. It's it's really not a good time just right now. Jack, I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. Please. Ok, I'll be there as soon as I can. My father wanted to drag me straight to Ryan. God, he thinks I'm waiting until Valentine's Day for the big reveal because I'm so damn sentimental. I take it you didn't mention we were getting married. One dead person around here is enough. But I think we're in the clear. What the hell are you up to, Hayward? You do realize that people usually knock, right? Getting married, are you? Oh, you got your invitation? No. Actually I didn't. I heard about it from Jesse. So is this you RSVP'ing You son of a bitch. You son of a bitch. Valentine's Day? It happens to be the most romantic day of the year. It also would have been Greenlee's and my first anniversary. Ok, now you can't possibly believe that my big day is about you? What is wrong with you, Hayward? You just can't stop messing with me What are you whining about? You moved on, right? The whole world has been treated to these pictures of your grand affair with Erica. How you gon na spend your honeymoon, huh, you and your new bride? You gon na spend your time trying to incinerate what's left of Erica's company? Ha ha. How do you think Greenlee would feel if she heard you refer to Fusion as Erica's company? Don't you ever, ever say anything to me about Greenlee. 
I feel more connected to you now than ever. That makes me very happy. Hmm. Me, too and scared. About what? I don't want you to leave me. That's not gon na happen. David, don't pretend everything's ok. I mean, you've put yourself at such a huge risk to save Fusion for me. If the SEC sends you to prison ohh. Whatever does happen, I'm gon na find a way for us to be together. I hope so. I don't know what I'd do without you. (Kiss) Ahh. Whew. Oh ooh Ow. Uh, good move, North. Real smooth. Are you ok? What happened? Oh, I'm fine. I'm fine. I just got distracted by a a squirrel. After careful review and consideration, we are happy to announce that you have been selected to participate in the internship program " Fantastic Tell me the truth. You didn't pressure K.C. into hiring me, did you? Of course, I did not. So I did this all on my own? Yes, you did. Yes, you did, and I just couldn't be more proud of you. You know what we should do? What? You and I should take a little girls' weekend, and we'll drive up to Manhattan, huh? Mm-hmm. We can do a little retail therapy. We can go see that Christopher Walken play that's and we can go to that new spa on 57th and Madison I've been hearing about. Of course, we do have to go do a little apartment hunting for you. That sounds great, Mom, but when I go to New York to look for apartments, it's gon na be with Damon. He's gon na be living with me. (Doorbell-rings) more D.J. gigs like that wedding rehearsal, man, I can totally score that amp. They yeah. (Ring) Yeah. Totally. Dude, what do you think, man? Arabic accent No, no. Please do excuse. 1,000 forgive-me's. I will get it, ok, please? No, no, no. Do not move. Normal voice There's a reason they made a cordless. Ow. Hello How are you? We bring gifts. We got bagels. Cappuccinos. We got cappuccinos. We got them from the Serving Spoon. Bagels? Yes, we got bagels. For that you wake up? Bagels. Don't worry. Plenty for you. We're not gon na run out. We'll see. How was the Big Apple? Or do you know? I mean, did you manage to leave the hotel room? No, no, no, we left get a paper, and they got the magazines there with the " Hello. " Hey, hey, hey. There's a minor in the room. There's no minor. I'm not a minor. He can handle it. Married sex whoo-hoo. It's so hot. Hey, hey. Stick around for the video. Moving on. So I think you guys should know that Colby snagged a summer internship there in New York. She wants Jughead here to go with her. Really? Like, " Go with you, come with me, live with me? " Yeah, that's the plan. Really? Oh. Are you ok with that? You heard him. He's not a minor. Although, I'm sure the the girls will miss him a little bit. Oh, my oh, hmm. That reminds me. I left gifts for them in the car. I'll get them. Oh, thank you. There's gifts in the backseat, and the big ones are in the trunk. This one? Yes. Did you say " big ones "? I know you're not used to hearing that. She went a little crazy in the toy shop. She got dolls and stuff and things, all right? Take it easy. Have some cream cheese. That was nice, offering to help with the packages. Are you double-dipping? I think it's the magic of the Martin influence. Yeah, because we were raised as gentlemen. We have very gentlemanly ways. I'm sure he'll be an outright charmer after I officially make him my son. What? Wait, do you mean I mean I want to adopt Damon. Stop it. That's great. Yeah, even though it's a little late in the game. . You didn't know he existed. It's fantastic. Well, now that I do, I want to make sure he knows I've got his back no matter what happens. Wow. What made you decide to do this now? Honestly, it was your wedding. The ceremony, all the talking about the importance of family it really got to me. Ooh You see? Mission accomplished. It seems our wedding had a positive effect on everyone. Oh, yeah. It certainly did on Damon. I don't know what it is. It's amazing. It's a miracle. It's like ever since that night, the chip on his shoulder seems like it's shrinking. Yeah, I mean, it looks like he's having a good time. And he had a great time that night. I mean, you know. He did. And as a matter of fact, I want to tell you amazing, amazing pictures. I mean, really, really good. They're on his phone he showed me. You should get him to make copies. Hmm. I will. Oh, actually, I'm gon na go help him with the packages. I'll go. Want me to go? No, no. We got it. You catch up with your brother. Ok. Oh. Hey. Aw. What are you doing? I think that's my question. You've got no right to go through my phone. What, were you hiding in Liza's apartment taking those pictures? No. I'm not some perv. Well, ok. So Liza knew you were taking those pictures? Wait wait a minute. Are the two of you together? No, no, no. No way. Well, then what? Liza was trying to break Colby and me up No. She got half naked to set me up. She wanted Colby to think there was something between us so she'd dump me. No. Yes. Liza had me zipping her out of her dress, pretending to be plastered. When I finally clued in to what she was up to, I took those shots so in case she tried something again, I would have proof. I can't believe that Liza would stoop that low. Yeah, well, I guess I bring out the worst in women. You're not gon na say anything, right? Well, I can't just ignore what I saw. Look, it's not like her plan worked, ok? Colby and I are cool. Actually, believe it or not, Liza and I are kind of cool right now. If you blow this up, Colby will hate her mom, and Tad will dump his girlfriend, and I will end up the bad guy if Liza and you are so cool, then why are those pictures still on your phone? To make sure it stays that way. These pictures are insurance, all right? They keep Liza off Colby's back and off mine. I don't want to brag Hmm. But for the first time in ages, I feel like my life is firing on all six. Hmm. Doesn't that feel good? And you and Liza how's that going? Absolutely simpatico. Really? Mm-hmm. And how is she about the whole adoption thing? Well, she's doing ok. Well, let me put it this way. At this point, Liza knows that Damon and I are a package deal. Colby, honey, uh, the last time we spoke, you were upset because you felt that Damon wasn't as serious about this relationship as as you are. Yeah, that's loved him Yeah, and he didn't say it back. It's not a big deal. That's not what you felt the last time that we spoke. Well, I thought about it, and I get it. You get what? Well, Damon was scared. After all he's been through, he's not just gon na throw the " L " word around. Honey, you put your heart out there. Well, I think New York is gon na change things. How so? Well, it will force us to take it to the next level. We'll be like a real couple. Ok, um, listen, Colby, don't get so lost in being a real couple. See, you have to think about yourself. Honey, this is a doorway to your future. I think I saw that on a poster at a dentist's office once. I'm serious too. Damon is my future. That doesn't make me feel better. Well, I didn't know that was my job. You and Tad after all you've been through, you get a second chance. Why can't you give me and Damon one? I will try. I'll try. Stop trying, and just do it. I'm such a klutz. Crazy squirrels. My eyes go one way, and I just become a magnet for anything you can trip over, bump int. Ohh. I'm surprised to see you out running, though. I thought you had a lot of work to do. Yeah, well, you know, a day like today, I didn't want to miss it. Don't turn me in for playing hooky. Ha ha Ow What? What? What happened? What is it? Charlie horse, charlie horse. Oh take it easy. Take it easy. You got to work it out. Got to work it out. Right there oh, boy. Ow. Yeah, that's that's not good. Ok. I want you to stop worrying about me, all right? If Fusion is about to get back on its feet, that's what you need to be focusing on right now. I just thought I'd be sharing this victory with you. And you will be. As soon as I put this legal nightmare behind me, we're gon na start living the life that I promised you. You make it sound like you've got these charges against you already dropped and in the bag. No, not at all. It's just, you know, I've been in worse situations before, and I've always survived. Regardless of what happens, we do need to find another place to live. Yes than Wildwind, even if I have to build it myself. Heh heh heh Whatever you want, Greenlee, all you have to do is ask. I already have everything I want. I've had it all along. I was just too busy fighting Erica and the rest of the world to see it. Thank you for sticking around until I did. No matter what punishment I'm dealt, just hearing those words it'll help me get through it. Waling-arm-in-arm-in-the 2-park How can I not love a woman who eats ice cream first thing in the morning? Hmm. I didn't think the guy was gon na serve me this early. Oh, darling, everyone has a price. How much? So what does a $40 cone with sprinkles taste like? Hmm. You tell me. Mmm. The best I've ever had. French doors. Ok. What are we talking with French doors that led out into a garden. Oh. How about an English garden? Yeah. Yeah, with a big circular driveway with a fountain in the front. You know, that sounds perfect. How's that feel right there? Right there. That that's it. That's the spot, yes. Thank you. Oh, don't stop. That's the spot right there. It still good? Perfect. Thank you. I'll take those. What, you see one picture you don't like, and now you don't want my help? You're probably right. If I tell what I saw, it will hurt Tad and Colby. So you'll keep quiet? One condition erase those pictures. Fine. Done. We'll pretend this never happened, ok? I am cool with that. I got to go to work. Ohh. Well, hey, don't forget to ask for time off for my Italy shoot. Yes, I will. I'm gon na. It just depends on what the boss says. All right. Well, I could always call Angie and give her a little push. Hmm. Yeah, don't do that. Why not? She loves you. Because I know she's just under a lot of pressure. I got it handled, I promise. I'm gon na ask her, I promise, ok? All right. And you congratulations on your not-so-little bundle of joy. Heh heh heh That's funny. That's good. Love you When you get an idea, does it hurt? I was just telling your husband, the sock puppet, that life's pretty good. Well, I hope it stays that way for you. Oh, come on amazing woman, soon to be the father of an incredible young man that's it's ok. I mean, I I'm saying I know that Damon has had some stops and starts since he came to town, but, you know, what the hell? When I was his age, I was a walking time bomb, too, and I turned out pretty good. I'm sure once he gets to feel like he's part of the family, the real Damon will show up. Must be pretty intense. Heh heh What were you looking at? Nothing. Nothing. Just What? What? It's nothing. I'm just, like I'm starving right now. Can we go eat, please? Ha. Hey. Good morning. Looks like it is for someone. Oh, I just had a muscle cramp. Right. Well heard things are ok over at Fusion. Thanks to my husband. Yeah, it takes a real man to cop to securities fraud. Now, why don't you go for broke and come clean on sabotaging Erica's plane? Hey, you I was just gon na call you. So how was the honeymoon, huh? Did you do a lot of sightseeing, or you did even leave the room? I saw the pictures, Liza. What pictures? The ones on Damon's phone and not the wedding shots. What the hell were you thinking? I was gon na read you the letter, but I am just too excited, so I am gon na tell it to you instead. You could at least try and guess. Guess what? What have I been waiting to hear for the past few weeks? Your ex-stepmonster and cousin broke up? No. Don't even mention Annie in the I got it. That's great. Yeah You kidding? It is fabulous. I am gon na be working for one of the biggest fashion houses in the world. Wow. Congratulations. Yeah. So since I want to be completely settled when I start, I say you and me, we drive up to New York City this weekend and start looking for apartments. Or not. You're not having second thoughts about New York, are you? No. I think living there would be really chill. It's just, you know, a lot's happening right now with Tad wanting to adopt me and everything. So why would that stop you from going away with me? Well, I live here. I get free rent and food. You know, Tad says if the adoption goes through, I'll even be covered on his health insurance, so I can finally get this tooth fixed that I chipped last year. dental care? No, it's just maybe right now isn't the best time for me to head out on my own again. You wouldn't be on your own. You'd be with me. You gon na explain yourself? I have a meeting with Tad. He's gon na be here any minute, ok? Well, then you better start talking quickly, unless you want him to find out. It was a mistake. That's an understatement. Do you know how many people could've gotten hurt if you went through with your plan? Colby would've hated you, not to mention Tad, who just started to trust you again. I never wanted to hurt Tad. Does he even know about your grudge against his son? This is not a grudge. Amanda, I don't want Colby to be with Damon. I get that. But to pretend that you two are fooling around? was gon na lose Colby. I threw my bouquet directly to you, because I thought you wanted something lasting and real with Tad. This is not about Tad. Amanda, I was trying to save Colby. Well, it sounds like the one she needs saving from is you. Look, please you're right. You're right. If Tad found out or Colby, they would never forgive me. Please? Try as much as you want, Lavery, even you can't ruin this day. Why? What are you celebrating? Your eviction from Wildwind? I mean, you don't really need a house, anyway, while you're in prison, do you? While David's lawyers are working hard to make sure he doesn't go to prison, we'll be starting plans on our new house. You know, home has always been such a strange concept for me. My parents traveled while I was younger, now I finally have one. Right? Absolutely. So, sorry for interrupting. No worries. We'll let you get back to your cramp. Hmm. Everything ok here? Everything's good. Good luck. Thank you. You're a good friend, even if I don't always deserve it. Hey, congratulations again on your adoption. Oh, thank you, honey. Thanks. Uh, what do you need good luck for? Oh, I'm taking on this new case. Tough one, huh? Don't get me started. So are you ready to go forward with the adoption papers? You know, adopting a kid is a lot harder than adopting an adult, but there's still a boatload of paperwork that you've got to read over. What? I can't tell you how much this means to me, especially knowing how you feel about Damon. I this for you, and you better be worth it. You're not just gon na leave. I'm I've got things to do. Look, what I said came out all wrong. It's fine, ok? No, it's not. I can see you're hurting. Just talk No, I'm fine. Look, it's just that Tad is so excited about this. I don't think it's right for me to up and leave the second the adoption goes through. Damon, I said I get it. Stop. Wait. Hold on. Ok, ok, I get it. It's not about you and me, ok? It's just timing, with everything that's happening right now. I get it, Damon, and I have I've got phone calls to make about my internship. You can have the rest of that. Do that you're gon na have to fill out here is the adoption agreement. And then you're gon na have to fill out the petition that hello? Are you even listening to me? No. Ok. I'm thinking about all the fun we had that night we broke into the Glamorama. Remember, after-hours, way back when the world was cooling? Yeah. I what in the world are you thinking about that right now? That was a million years ago. I was just thinking about all the fun we had in those hot-pink swivel chairs. I do believe we broke one, and your mother made you pay to fix it. And it was worth every penny. Um, can we get back to the adoption? I'd rather go out and buy a hot-pink swivel chair. Ha Heh heh heh heh You are a miracle worker. Really? Is that better? Completely. I'm sorry about that scene with Greenlee and David before. " That scene "? You think that was a scene? That wasn't a scene. That was nothing. I guess it was, huh? I didn't even have the urge to strangle the guy. I mean, come on. That's progress. I'm serious. I have. I have moved on. I didn't believe you before, but I do now. Yeah? I'm glad. Hey, do you have any idea what time it is? Oh, um, I actually lost my watch. Oh, you did? That nice watch? What happened? How'd you lose it? I'm not sure, actually. If you think you lost it at the casino, let me know, because the lost and found there is I didn't lose it. Did you sell it? Why? To pay you Do what? Pretend like you weren't watching me like a hawk back at the park with Ryan. Ok, fine. I can't seem to keep my eyes off you, Ryan or no Ryan. Thank you, but you don't need to do that I mean, monitoring me around Ryan. I surprised myself with how I felt today. Hmm. Which was? Nothing. Not anger. Not hurt. And how about jealousy? Not at all. Ryan was just Ryan a couple years on and off from my past, nothing more. But you? You are my years and years and years to come. Colby, it's me again. Look, it's not like I don't want us to be together. I just just call me back, ok, please? If you're here for Tad, he's No. I just came from him, to go over the try and talk him out of it? You know, I probably should've just ripped the documents to shreds, considering what Amanda just told me that she saw on your phone. She said she was gon na keep quiet. Yeah, she probably just wanted to read me the riot act. What's a riot act? It's this. What the hell are they still doing on your phone? Did you even consider what would happen if Colby caught sight of them? Don't freak out, ok? I deleted all the pictures. If you don't believe me, ask Amanda. Ok, great. So you deleted them from your phone, but I can bet you money they're still on your computer. Well, maybe I'm not ready to let them go. Wow. There is such a part of me that just wants to tell everybody exactly what happened and get this off my head. Oh. What think I'm just holding back because I'm trying to save myself? I don't care about me. I don't want him to get hurt. And what about you? Do you even give a damn about Tad? Hey, you. Hi. Ooh. You ok? I should be. I got the internship with K.C. Charles. The designer? Yeah. Well, that's terrific. Yeah, but my mom said she had nothing to do with me getting accepted. You know what? If she said it, I believe it. So should you. Well, I'm having trouble trusting anyone's word these days. Did something happen? Damon he backed out of our plan to go to New York together. Why? I mean, I thought he was seriously into it. And I thought so, too. Did he say something? Uh-uh. I mean know you, and I'm sure you wouldn't let him off the hook if he didn't give you some kind of reason. Well, I'm not really sure I believe what he said. Colby, are you gon na tell me what it is? Look, I don't want you to think that I'm blaming you, because I'm not blaming you. I won't think anything. I just want you to tell me what he said. The reason Damon doesn't want to go to New York is because of you. I mean, do you get what you've done for me? The only reason this place is still up and running is because of the sacrifices you've made. And I would do it all again in a heartbeat. I know you would. That's why I'll do whatever it takes to keep you out of prison. You know, maybe you should let me handle that The only reason this place is standing is because of you. Yeah, but there's still so much more you need to work on, Greenlee, like your father. And your friendships with Bianca and Kendall must be damaged beyond repair. None of that matters now. The only thing that does is you. Madison, I told you there were no conditions to that loan. If you never paid me back, it's completely fine. No, no, that's not fine for me. If I'm gon na get a fresh start, that means no outstanding debts. Well, how can I possibly argue with somebody who's trying to do the right thing? You can't. So don't try to. Ok, I won't. But I got to get to work. Oh, I ate up all of your hooky time. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. It was a great way to I got to go to New York next weekend. That's great. Unless it's not? Would you like to come with me? Yeah. Oh Look at that I knew it was you. How are you? You miss me? Yes. That's exactly why I don't want to go to Italy without you. Oh, I feel the same way. So what's happening? Well, I just figured if I showed up, you know, we could maybe double-team Angie and really put the pressure on her until she caves. Oh. No, I got it, babe. I know how she is, and she's under a lot of pressure. And I promise you, the minute I see an opening of any kind, I'm on it. I promise. All right. Well, you know the politics around here better than I do. I'm just excited. I'm, we can go to lunch. We can have lunch. All right. Ti voglio bene. It means " I love you " in Italian. It was the first thing I looked up in the Italian dictionary. Well, ti voglio Babbles Me, too. Yeah, I'm gon na study that. I'll practice. You want me to come to New York with you? Yes. There's a big conference for ad agencies, and I have to be there for Cambias Industries. I'd love to have a second opinion on some things. From me? Yes, from you. You're a lot more fun than my vice president. And I also have to host this charity cocktail reception, and I'm I'm so not good at those sort of things. So I figure if I brought somebody that makes me feel comfortable, it won't be a complete disaster. So do I do that? Make you do. You're gon na have your own hotel room. You know, honestly, your own suite. It's a nice hotel Five-star, fruit basket in the room and everything. Well, can I think about it? Yes. Yeah, of course. Think about it, and let me know in the next couple days. I will. Ok. Ok. I'll see you later. All right. Ok. Hey. So I thought about it, and I would love to come to New York with you. Now that you've kept this place alive for me, I need to get it back in shape. First order of business, get Erica to bow out. You really think that's possible? Believe it or not, I do. Something happened to her when she was in West Virginia. I mean, she definitely still wants Fusion to do well, but her fight for control battle anymore. Well, you see? There's the positive side of the plane crash. Maybe the clean mountain air gave her some new perspective. Well, whatever it was, she doesn't seem as invested as she was. Ok. Well, if she bows out, what then? Well, then I turn this into the moneymaking powerhouse it once was. Ever since I got back, I've had this idea of creating a spa line. Maybe even opening up our own spa, you know, a chain of them so we could sell our products without a middleman. Stop me before I start pitching products in outer space, ok? Huh. No. I love it. And I love you. I don't know what the future holds, but if I have to go to prison, I want to spend every moment between now and then with you. I'm not letting them take you away from me. Not now. making this offer. This adoption is a huge deal for him. You really think I don't know that? No, what I want to know is if it's as huge a deal for you. Because if you think this is just some meal ticket, some road to a cushier life, I don't want to have any part in making this happen. Look, I'll admit when I first came to Pine Valley, everyone was talking about how great this Tad Martin guy was. I thought they were blowing smoke, but they're right. He's great. My whole life, nobody has ever treated me the way Tad has. The last couple of months, he's been more of a father to me than the guy I spent my whole life with. Trust me, the last thing I want to do is hurt him. But go ahead. Tell me you don't buy any of it. I actually do. Then why just wish that you could be this open and this honest and this real all the time. Hmm. Why? You like me better this way? Let me get this straight. Damon really said he was staying in Pine Valley because of me? Yeah, he did. Well, maybe it it makes sense for him. I mean, as I mean, if you think about it, it's the first time in his life, in ages, that he started getting himself back on track. It might not be just me. Maybe the pressure of starting over somewhere else might be too hard to take. I don't think it's the pressure or you. I think it has to do with someone else or something else here in Pine Valley which is why I want to hire you. Hire me? For what? I think Damon might be seeing someone else, and I want you to find out who 
You really are difficult to read. Maybe I just misunderstood you. I guess I make that easy to do sometimes. So, should we talk about these adoption papers? I'm sure you have a lot of questions. I do have a lot of questions, but not about the papers. This is cool. What is cool? Having a normal conversation that doesn't end with one of us slamming out the door. So you want to know why I'm being nice to you? Pretty much. Yeah. Damon, I'm I'm really not that difficult to understand. Listen, you just show me a little decency and respect, I will show you the same in return. That works. Ok, so prove it. Erase those pictures on your computer. Chuckles Hey, I'm all about peace and everything, but let's not get carried away. Let me get this straight. You want me to investigate Damon? Yes I am not crazy, Tad. I didn't say you were, but I got to be honest. I don't think you got anything to worry about. And as far as I can tell, he's nuts about you. Tad, but Damon has been acting shady. Shady, how? I don't know our relationship is different. He's all secretive, and he always seems to be in the middle of doing something. Tad, Damon is no saint. Hardly. Yes, and how many times has he messed up? More times than I can count. Exactly. And now he doesn't even want to go to New York with me. What does that say to you? Well, I'll tell you what it doesn't say. It doesn't say he's going around your back and cheating on you. Hey, look, the fact is, Damon's been having to deal 're reading as him pulling away is simply him trying to figure things out. You know, this was a really stupid idea. I should have never have come here. Colby Colby, come on. Tad, even if you did think something was up, you're Damon's dad, and you're a guy. You would just cover up for him, anyway. Natalia has been down there for two days. She's still hasn't come up with anything on Erica's crash? Well, the NTSB isn't exactly being helpful. Well, what are they being exactly? They are blocking her out, Chief. Blocking a plane falls from the sky and nobody down there wants to know why? Unbelievable. You know what? Sighs Doing this thing by the books, man, it's it's killing me. If I want to nail Hayward whoa I'm going to have to start playing have something specific in mind? No, just thinking out loud. A gondola ride on the Grand Canal? How romantic would that be? Molto romantic. Hey, look, it says right here, " Italians like to use their hands a lot to communicate. " That's so funny, because that's the way I communicate. I wonder if I'm Italian. Hmm. Just with me, I hope. Baby, of course, just with you. What's the matter? Good answer. Of course. " Tolga i vostri vestiti. " I'm afraid to ask. It means " Take your clothes off " I don't believe this. " Right now. " Listen, I want this trip to be really special, and I know I'm going to be working part of it. But Mm-hmm? It's our first family vacation if you can get away to do everything I can to make sure that I can get away. All right. Well, do you know when you're going to find out? I'm just waiting on a call from Angie. Friday, July 2, 2010. Self-administered visual field test shows some degradation. Which was to be expected following the last episode. However, there has been no incident of vision loss in the last 48 hours. Has inflammatory process subsided? Have I lost all the retinal cells I'm going to lose? My appointment with Dr. Beldon should give some answers. Let's just hope they're the answers I'm looking for. (Door-opens) Hey. Hey. What is this place, your new home away from home? Uh, since I'm constantly being interrupted in the office You hide out here? I get it. So listen, I hate to be another one of those interruptions, but this whole Erica/Hayward things is driving Oh, sweetie, I I would love to, but I can't. I have to finish up this administrative report. Oh, come on. What could be more important than spending quality time with a devoted husband? Oh, Jesse, come on, don't do that. I'll be feeling guilty for rest of the afternoon. Ahem. Something's up. You might as well tell me what it is ,' cause you know I'm not going to quit until I find out. Honey, for the last time, would you sit down, please? Just give me a minute. Please? You're right about one thing, ok? He is my son. And that hasn't been easy. We finally inched our way to a good place, a place that doesn't give me agita 24/7. Ok? I don't think it's a good time for me to go digging behind his back for something that's not if it does exist? But what if it's not? Where is that going to leave you? And me? I mean, let's face it the only thing he's guilty of so far is acting a little distant? One second he is into me, the next second he is running the other way. What else could it be, Tad? At his age? How much time do you got? Ugh. No, no, no. Wait, I'm not it's not a joke. I mean, signing up to go to New York with you that sounds great, but it's a big deal. I mean, that kind of commitment might be freaking him out. It did to me when I was his age, and huh for about a decade thereafter. Great. So instead of " Tad the cad, " I get Damon, " the player. " Why don't you kid. He's got a good heart. You know, he might just surprise you. Nope. No, no, I get it. He is my boyfriend. I am just going to figure it out myself. Don't get me wrong. This new thing we have going is way better than you ripping me a new one 24/7, but actually trusting you I'm not there yet. Well, just for the record, I'm not there yet, either. But I do want you to understand, Damon, I have never been out to hurt you. Never? No. My sole focus has been protecting my daughter. Yeah, from me. Yeah, and well, from herself. Ok, you lost me. Listen, my daughter is an incredibly caring and passionate young woman. And after the disaster that was her father and me, I really think the only thing that she really wants Doesn't everybody want that? Yes. But not everyone can provide it. Damon, why are you making Colby think that you can? Come on, here you are you're starting a whole new life. Right? Here, with Tad. I mean, you do plan on staying, don't you? Yeah, I think so. Ok. Give Colby the same chance in New York. Look, it's Colby's life, ok? It's not up to me. Oh, that is such bull, Damon, and you know it. Come on, you tell her to stay, she's going to stay. Don't. Encourage her to go. And if you do that, I will help you any I can. I'll help you with this adoption, a job, whatever. (Damon-sighs) Damon, I am not asking for the impossible here. All I'm asking is for you to be straight with her to earn a friend. Hmm? Yeah. Me. Come on, it's got to be a lot better than well, how did you so eloquently put it? Oh, you ripping me a new one? Yeah. That. It's just weird. It's just weird. What is weird? After everything that's gone down between us, and all the crap that you've pulled, I still almost like you. Door-closes-as-Colby 2-enters All right. You know, all this talk of Italian, it's making me hungry again. Whoa. We just ate. Yeah, I know, but I'm talking about authentic, like the real pasta. Like, maybe we could have that tonight. What do you say? The model in me says absolutely no way. Yeah, ok, but how about the civilian in you. I'm drooling. Oh, yes 's a yes? Si. Si. Excellent. All right, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go to Manetti's tonight on the way home, and I will get us a spread, all right? A bottle of red, some linguini carbonara how do you feel about mussels? The shellfish variety, not mine. I love them both. Really? Ok, then I'll order some. Ok, baby. Oh, I got to get to the hospital. All right. Go, go, go. Leave her a little something. Yeah, that's enough. Ok oh, remember. Siete bello. What you're beautiful, too. Honey, you're just too good to me. You know that? What I know is, you are avoiding my question. I guess I should know better than that with the chief of police. It's Hayward, rip him a new You know what? I know it's hard to believe, but everything wrong in the world can't be blamed on David Hayward. Around here, most of it can. Be that as it may, something's going on. Baby, it is just the job. What, having to give people bad news, or dealing with things you can't fix or cure? Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. I forget sometimes how rough it can be for you. You think you have enough in your life to deal with. And then something hits close to home. And all I want to do is find you and just bury myself in your arms. Hey, bury away. Come here. Oh, baby, do you have any idea what strength you give me? Are you sure it's just the job that's weighing on you? Isn't that enough? I do about that a little bit? Why? Have you? A little. I mean, it was a moment that took us by surprise, but it came and went. Listen, I'm glad you stopped by, honey, really. And you know, I would love to have lunch But you can't. Listen, rain check. Dinner tonight, ok? I'm there. Out of all the chiefs of staff, you are my favorite. And I've had a lot. And you're lucky, because I could have picked David, but he stinks. Shouldn't you be on rounds? Oh, I switched with Henderson. Someone's got to give you a ride to the doctor. Oh. Thank you, but I don't need an escort. Really? I'm more than prepared. Hmm. I can do this on my own. Right, but why should you still be here. I live here. Right. I wanted to talk to you about some stuff. I want to talk to you about New York and some other stuff. Yeah, we should do that. Yeah, but later, ok? Ok. But why not now? I just I have to be somewhere. Where are you going? Out. It's no big deal. I'll call you later, I promise, ok? (Door-opens-and-closes) I am not crazy, right? You just saw that. He couldn't get away from me fast enough. Honey, it might not have anything to do with you. Well, then what does it have to do with then? I don't know maybe he's just busy. Yeah. Or maybe he wants to break up with me and doesn't have the guts to do it. There's absolutely no sign of your plane mechanic bar in Pennsylvania a while back, it proves to me this guy, King, is on his payroll. You got any more doughnuts? That's not the proof I need, Tad. Imitating Jesse Well, patience, baby. (Jesse-sighs) We'll nail him. How many times have we said that? Hundreds? Thousands? Normal voice So what? It just means the odds are in our favor. Right. Look, kid, you want to vivisect Hayward. Nobody understands better than I do. There's no point in doing it if you're going to have a coronary. I mean, Hayward's not worth it. Yeah, well, I would buy that if it was just him and me. The man's going after my family, Tad. Angie again? And Frankie now. And there's no way I'm going to stand by and watch that happen. I wish I had never told you about it. I found out by myself. You know why? Because I'm smart. Yeah. Hey, look, I'm glad to back off as soon as you tell your husband. No. If Jesse knew that if Jesse knew that David was the reason for my infection I'm not telling him. No problem. Then you're stuck with me, ok? You know why? Because you need support. And what's this? You can't be driving when you have this condition. You want me to follow you all over town with my hazards on? I'll do it. All right. All right, fine Ok, fine. Fine. Ok. Going to need this, too. What? What is this? It's just some questions you're going to have to broach the specialist with. I did some research last night. Oh, and and you're going to need these they're not for you, they're for the doctor. You know how doctors are. They get all up in your grill. No. Who knows? Maybe he had garlic for breakfast. I don't know. Smiles Thank you. Right. You ready to do this? Wait, that's not a question you can really answer. Let's do this. I got that. Come on, after you. Come on, let's go. Sighs Everything was going great with Damon, and then what were you guys talking about before I got here, anyway? Oh. The adoption. Honey, I had some stuff that I wanted him to look over. But I I just think that he's just got a lot going on right now. I mean, he's letting go of an old life, he's starting a new one. Ok, I get that, but why can't he talk, honey. I think maybe he just needs some time. Time for what? Get his life together. I I really don't know, but I think this is a wonderful opportunity for you to think about you now. Think about yourself for a change. You know, this this internship, honey, is so important. It's not more important than Damon. Honey, I know that you feel like this relationship is the most crucial thing right now, but That's because it is. Oh. Mom, when are you going to get that? I do, honey. I really do. I love him, Mom. I I know. I know. But he's obviously having some issues. So what are you going to do? You going to put your whole life on pause? Honey, don't let him hold you back. I have to go. Hayward Angela. He's slashing hours and supplies. How the hell is she supposed to run a hospital like that? If I know Angie, she's holding her own just fine. Yeah, she's doing the best she can, but there are only so many hours in a day, and she is spending every single one of them at the hospital. So you think that's his game plan? That Hayward wants to bully her out of a job? Well, that'll never happen. Angela's worked way too hard to get where she is. I'm not about to let him take that away from her. Yeah, well, I know how you feel. Jake's probably on the firing line, too. So we've established Hayward's game plan. What's yours? Take him down for good. And on charges that he can not squirm out of. He took that plane down, Tad. All right, is one problem. I mean, David's a lot of things, a whole lot of things, but he's not stupid. Nailing him isn't going to be easy. Nothing worth it in life is, Tad. What is it? Don't give me that. Look like you got a headache. I've known you for a lot of years, kiddo. I understand this thing with Hayward is eating you alive, but there's definitely something else going on. What is it? It's I can't stop thinking about that baby. You mean the one that might have been, but wasn't. Yeah. I know it came out of nowhere, but it was definitely something we weren't prepared for. And it changed things with Angie? Well, I can't help thinking that this could have been a second chance. Having this child with Angela, it could have made up for time I lost with Frankie wife? There's no time with David breathing down her neck. Hospital is all she thinks about. She eats, breathes, sleeps it. I tell you, man, I am so over this man. You have no idea. Oh, but I do. Which is why I intend to be with you on this every step of the way. Of all the waiting rooms in all the world You had to walk into mine. Hi Hi, babe. What's cooking? What are you doing here? Hi. I'm I'm here to pick up headshots. Really? From an ophthalmologist's office? Well, the photographer's place is next door. I saw you. What what's your excuse, Mr. 20/20? Yeah. 20/10, actually, but who's bragging? I am. What a butt. I'm I'm doing a consultation. Sort of a house 'll hang out and wait till you're done. Maybe we can get a coffee after. Hmm, I would love that, except it's probably going to take a while. Oh. All right. Well, I'll hang out until they're ready for you. I I would love that. The only thing is, the nurse was just out here a millisecond ago asking for me, already to come in. I'm just slow-poking. She was, like, Helga-looking thing, like a wrestler, and I think I should listen to her. Otherwise, she'll crush me. All right. All right. So and you have your head shots, so All right, all right. So I'll see you tonight? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, of course. You, me, and a bowl of pasta. Ooh It's going to be fab. All right, I Bye, babe. It looks like my diagnosis was spot on. Fungal endophthalmitis. I told the doctor I would have preferred it if I had been wrong. Well, what did he say about the symptoms abating themselves for the last few days? Oh, he said it probably doesn't mean that much. But he gave me an experimental medication to try. Well, that's something, right? Yeah. I mean, whether it works or not, only time will tell. Jake, I could lose my sight. Why don't I just drive you home right now, ok? Call your husband from the car. Oh, no. What do you mean, no? I'm I'm not going home. Well, where are you going? I'm going back to the hospital. Oh, no, no, no, Angie. No, I've got work that I have a whole lot of time to do it in. Thank you. Paul? I've had a couple of days off. I thought I'd pass through. Some of Damon's things. Well, by all means, come on in. So, I guess this is where you should ask me how your son is doing, huh? He's not my son anymore. Colby what are you doing here? Polite as ever, I see. That is not even close to an answer. He just stopped by to drop off some of your stuff. Mm-hmm. And drop-kick me to the curb. Scoffs Hey, Chief, you got a second? Not really. It's about that guy we hauled in, the drunk and disorderly? Brot, if this doesn't have anything to do with the plane crash, I don't want to hear it, ok? Ok. I'll Is there something else? No, um, you know, just too many of those will do a number on your stomach. Oh, so you're a doctor now? No, I'm I'm just saying Get back to work. Sighs Yeah, I would like to book a ticket. You know you can't really just go back to business as usual. Why not? Well, because we just came from the specialist who said it's possible you could lose your sight. You said it. I can handle this, Jake. Well, with all due respect, I don't know if that's true. Remember the other day, you needed some help with that patient? What if you were trying to save a life right then? I just think it's a good idea that maybe you take a leave of absence. And let David destroy what's left of this hospital? I . The first sign of weakness is all it'll take. David is trying to pick us apart so that he can replace us with his own people, people who don't give a damn about anything except kissing David's ass Now, if I retreat now Ok. All right, all right. This is not warfare, ok? That's exactly what it is. Well, then you don't have to fight it by yourself. I'm right here, ok? And Frankie. Not for long. Not if David has anything to say about it. Jake, if it weren't for his staff cuts, his supply cuts, I wouldn't even be fighting this damn infection right now Now, I am not going to lose my sight in this hospital, too. What, I'm wrong? Come on in then. Have a seat. Been a while since we caught up. Cool. Come on. That's to drop off stuff or check in on me, he's here to make sure the adoption went through. Hmm. Isn't that right, Dad? God forbid, you and Mom have to deal with me for one more second. Not that you ever really dealt with me, anyway. If you're asking if your mother and I have a problem with this situation Translation dumping me on this guy's doorstep. The answer is no. Shocker. Well, maybe I should let you guys discuss this on your own. Unless, of course, you want me to stick around. It's cool. I'm good. Man, it's just a it's a dream come true for you, isn't it? Me officially out of your life. You have no idea. Neither do you. Because I don't need you anymore. I have something I've never had for my entire life what did you do when you found out I wasn't your kid? Did you throw a rager? No, no, no, let me guess. You and Mom planned another trip around the world, huh? Come on, you must have done something to celebrate the kick-ass moment. You think this is a surprise? I've known all along, Damon. What, Mom told you? She didn't have to. No son of mine would ever behave the way you did. Lie after lie. Screw-up after screw-up. I could tell something wasn't right. That's funny ,' cause that's exactly the way I felt about you. Ah. What are you doing out here? Is Colby inside? No. No, Paul Miller decided to grace us with his presence. He's in there with Damon right now. Oh. Well, I don't hear any furniture being thrown. I guess that's good just started. On the upside, it looks like the adoption won't be any problem at all, because neither Miller nor Hillary has any intention of contesting. Oh. Well, Tad, that's great. It's great. You have no idea. You know why? Because to the kid in there, this isn't just a formality. A rubber stamp on a piece of paper. This is the day that changed everything. For the better, I hope. Well, that's the plan. You going to say it, or not? Say what? Whatever it is you're dying to say. Your nose is doing that thing No. You look like rabbit. Stop. Well, you do. Ok, I can't get anything past you. A lot of years, kitten. I just I just don't want you to expect too much, you know? Get disappointed me, don't you? I just think it's a possibility. (Tad-sighs) All right, I'm going to go get these adoption papers going, huh? Would you let Colby know that I'm looking for her? All right, will do. I just hope you get everything that you want. So do I. So do I. Hey, if everything's working out for the best " If "? Then what are you do damn angry about? I don't know Maybe the fact that you made me feel like crap for the past two decades Did you ever think that maybe you deserved it? Don't talk to him like that. Would you just do me a huge favor, please Damon, that's enough. That's enough And forget you ever knew me? Fine. My pleasure. What the hell's wrong with you? Me, all right? Not that kid, my kid. Whoever he is, he's a lost cause The only lost cause in this room is you. Get out of my house. Now. There's just no talking to you, is there? No. Either you're with me or against me. Well, obviously, I'm with you. So does that mean that you're going to keep quiet? Sighs If we do this, we do this on my terms, you understand? No seeing patients alone. Of course not. I would never put a patient at risk. Look, I will focus on my administrative workload for the most part. Well, " for the most part " so, what, you still want to take cases? Is that what you're saying? Well, some. Sighs Well, not without me there to shadow you. Fine. Fine. that David doesn't find out. Thank you. Fine. You're welcome. And if this continues if this continues to deteriorate, you're going to be honest with me. Ok? You're going to tell me. And you're going to tell your husband. Listen, I I don't want to upset him. Until I know if the drugs are working. Because when Jesse finds out that David is partly to blame You're going to tell your husband. Or I'm going to tell your husband. Ok. Ok. All right. And and this is important. This is the most important part. Oh, God. What else? No, don't it's not funny. I'm going to help I'm not laughing I'm going to help you see, right? So if I ever hear you call me " Fido " or " Buster " or any I swear, I am going to quit. (Angie-laughs) That is non-negosh. Non-negosh. Put it there. What is that? Get out. Get come here. Chuckles and hugs Jake Oh, Jake baby, I don't know how I'm going to get through this without you. I really don't. Well, I'm not going to let you find out. I love you. Can I come in? What's up? I want to apologize for what happened back at Tad's. If it seemed like I was blowing you off Weren't you? Sighs No, but if I made you feel like crap I was just reminded of how much that sucks, and I'm sorry. Ok. Is this the only reason why you came by? You said that we should talk about New York, and you're right. I think that you need to go without me. day that is awesome. That's not what this is. Well, the what is it? We had a plan to go to Manhattan together, and I was going to take that internship. I still think you should. Alone? Yes. Colby, there's way too much going on right now for me to just up and bail. Ok, well, I'll just I'll stay here then. No, you can't do that. This could be the start of something really, really cool for you. You can't just miss out on that because of me. You are sounding just like my mom. What is this? Did did she get did she get to you? Huh. Why can't she just leave us alone? Because she cares, that's why. You're lucky. Tad cares a lot. Yeah, but we are just beginning to figure stuff out right now, and your big, fancy career as a fashionista, or whatever. (Liza-eavesdrops) How can I do that when I am so worried about us? That's easy. You stop worrying. Just because you're there, and I'm here doesn't mean that we can't be together. Colby, you're going places. Don't hold back' cause of me. Paul What do you want, Martin? Huh. Not much. I just forgot to give you something. Punches Paul Oh You know, Tad, I'm sorry about this, but the guy is pressing charges. He'll get over it. It was so worth it. Hey. Hi. Can you get away? Right now? I just want to take you home. Oh. Well, ok. Well, should we stop at Manetti's first? Forget Manetti's. I just want going on? Nothing, I'm just I'm just lucky. You know? It's it's you. It's everything about you. The way you walk across a room. The way you play pinky fingers with our son. And I get to see it all. I mean, I get to see it all. Hug Oh. Hey, baby, listen. Sorry, I'm going to have to miss dinner. Where are you going? West Virginia. This investigation into Erica's plane crash is not moving the way I would like it to. Well, I thought you sent Natalia to cover all of that. Yeah. Well, it seems the Feds are not being too helpful, so I'm going to run down there and give them a little nudge. What kind of nudge? A friendly nudge, all right? Listen, you going to be ok? I'm only going to be gone, I'll I'll be ok. Um, yeah, I can I can take care of myself. Yeah actually, the person that needs to be taken care of is David Hayward. Thinking about what he's done to you and Frankie, I hand to God, the man does one more thing to hurt my family, someone's going to have to take away my gun. No guns, Jesse. I just need to lock that man up. Well, I want you to do what you need to do, ok? Because you know I'll always have your back. And I know you'll always have mine. 
You better run, Miranda. Spike's coming to get ya Slow down. Be careful. The big kid, too. Oh, Kendall, everything looks just beautiful. Look at that, sweetie my favorite wine. Zach always remembers. Yes, he does. I just I hope he hurries back with those pies, right? (Doorbell-rings) Zach, it's open. Come on, we're waiting for you. Zach? Kendall? Oh, well, I mean, of all days for the electricity to go out at Spike's school. But the show is going on. Thanks to you. Well, this Thanksgiving pageant is very important to Spike. Honey, I think it's important to all of us. Just so afraid he's gon na look out in the audience and Zach won't be there. But the rest of us will. (Bang) Why am I so jumpy? Because David Hayward is still alive have ever had anything to do with him, we're all just waiting for the other shoe to drop. We have a little problem. Little problem, my butt. Thank you, Opal. I was gon na try to ease them into it. Into what? Well, obviously it's Thanksgiving and We have no turkey. Oh How did this happen? I don't know, Tad. You know, we ended up changing our plans to have dinner at Zach and Kendall's. And when we couldn't do that I invited everybody to come over here, and I closed the restaurant down for half a day. I remember all that. Just get back to the bird. I thought it was in the freezer. Krystal, you got ta be kidding me. I'm not kidding. No. Please. Trust me. I've looked everywhere. I've called all the turkey in town. It's ok. We'll just have hamburgers or something. Hamburgers? On Thanksgiving? Turkey burgers. But Jake has to work anyway, so I do think I have a prime rib. I could cook that. That's brilliant. That's brilliant. Let's just break out the fireworks. We could serve hot dogs. Or better yet, let's hide candy and get out the ham. I just love a good ham. No, no, no, no, no. On Thanksgiving, we got a little something in Pine Valley called tradition. This family needs a Thanksgiving dinner, now more so than ever. So after the play, we're gon na come back here. We're gon na have a traditional Thanksgiving dinner with a traditional turkey, so you just count on it. Ok, you can go over there and you pick out whatever pie you want, all right? Spike likes chocolate Yeah. Me, too, sweets. Me, too. Hey. Hey, guys. How you doing? Hi, cutie. You look pretty. Hi. How you doing? Madison Oh. How thoughtful, Liza. Now what did you bring me for Thanksgiving? This is a turkey sandwich, and it's for me. I'm not feeling particularly thankful. Would you like to know what I'm thankful for? If I were you, I would run like hell. I'm not running anywhere. I'm here for just one reason to make sure you're being sent away. Well, it certainly looks that way, doesn't it? What's that supposed to mean? It means I'm being transferred to lockup today. But I wanted to see you first. Do you have any idea how sad you are? Why? It's the truth. The means. You know I love you, Greenlee. That's as true now as it ever was. I don't care. You have every right to be angry with me. I'm not angry. I'm disgusted with myself for ever allowing you into my life. Zach is dead because of that. I know you're very upset about Zach, but he died in a plane crash that neither you nor I was responsible for. Oh, that's right. It's never your fault. I asked you here right now, because I wanted to give you my very best, ok? And I am so happy, Greenlee, that you're free. That you're safe. You wanted Ryan in a jail cell, and now it's got your name on it. Enjoy it. It's good to see you. Yeah, well, it's good to be seen. Sorry. That was lame. ok. Terrible news about Zach. Yeah. It really is. I tried calling Kendall at the house, but She's going through such an incredibly bad time. I just I'm sure she really appreciates it. What are you doing for dinner? I have to work. Hey, Ems, why don't you go and grab that pie? Choose whichever one you want, ok? Ok. So how are you really doing? I'm hanging in. You doing Thanksgiving with Greenlee? Madison Ryan, please don't. I heard about what Greenlee did, how she was willing to go to prison for you. She must really love you. I really never meant to hurt you, Madison, and I'm so sorry that If you tell me that some lucky guy is gon na come along and sweep me off my feet Ok. Ok. All right. But he I should go. Happy Thanksgiving, Ryan. Yeah, yeah. You, too. You, too. Hey. You can't work today. Even the Pilgrims and the Indians had Thanksgiving day off. Come eat turkey with us and Greenlee. Yeah, I mean, it's true everybody's missing Zach right now. Nobody should be alone. Please come, Madison. I never get to see you anymore. Oh, sweetie, I know, I know, but I can't come to dinner tonight, ok? Maybe another time. I got ta go. Greenlee, why would you go see David in jail? I just wanted to be sure that he was really going to be locked away. Let him send you a postcard from prison. I don't want you anywhere near that son of a bitch. Ok. I get it. Good. Can we drop it? Yes. Today Zach. You're absolutely right. Come here. You're being such a dad. I kind of like it. Yeah. Me, too. Listen, I have to go take care of some things. I'll be back soon, all right? Come here. All tight. Do you blame me for Zach's death? Why wouldn't I? This whole tragedy started with you. I hate this. I hate feeling like I could fall apart at any second, and everybody knows it. Have you? Have I what? Fallen apart? No. I can't. The boys need me to be strong. But I don't. I fell apart mid-conversation yesterday. Caleb didn't know what to do. I think Spike senses something. What do you mean? He just keeps asking me over and over, " When is Daddy Zach coming home? " And I just keep lame excuse. Then he looks at me with those big, beautiful, innocent eyes and it's like it's like he knows, Binx. All the teachers at school are aware of what happened to Zach and that Spike hasn't been told yet, so I'm sure none of them said anything. I know. But he's got to see it in me. I mean, it's like I'm just going through the motions here. I can't I can't let him see me like this today. I can't. It's too important. I'm gon na let Spike have his big moment in the pageant. And then I'll tell him. That's exactly what that's what Zach would have wanted. You know what? I got ta get the camcorder. The camcorder. What? Zach he got the batteries all charged up and ready to go. He knew I'd probably forget. I always reminded me Sobbing Hey, hey, hey. Sobbing I'm sorry. Sorry. Oh, don't be sorry. Don't be sorry. I don't know how I'm gon na do this. I don't know how I'm gon na get through today. I don't know how. How? Mommy Sniffles Oh, God. Do you think he heard? You don't think he heard? No, I don't think so. I'll go upstairs, ok? No, no, no, no, no. I want to see them. I want to see them. Ha ha ha hi Spike wanted to wear his costume in the car. I hope you don't mind. No, no, no. That's fine. Hey, you look great. Pretty cool, Spike. Yeah. Let me let me look at you, Mr. Indian Chief. you know, it's a really busy day for everybody. Mm-hmm. And we are all so excited to see you in the play, aren't we? Yeah. We should get going. We don't want to be late, ok? Come on. Let's get in the car. I'll oh, yeah, grab a coat. Come on, bud. Ok. We'll be right back out. You know how much Zach meant to me. I know how much self-preservation means to you. But today's not about you. Erica? Hi. How's Kendall doing? Oh, about what you'd expect. If you need anything Anything at all. Thank you. Excuse me. It's tough being a mother sometimes. Thank you. There's Greenlee. Hi, Greenlee You head over. Hey. Hi. Hi. Wow. and I didn't want you coming with me, because I didn't want you to get into any more fights with him. So you went to see him on your own? I went, I said what I had to say, and then I left. He's going to jail, and I'm spending Thanksgiving with the man I love. I'd call that a fair exchange. What did he have to say? I'll tell you later. Hi. Spike, you look ready for your big day. Come over here. Let me see. Let me see you. Let me see you. Oh, my goodness. You look so great. Hi. I love you. And everyone here does. And Bianca and I have made sure that everyone knows exactly what your wishes are. Your little boys are going to have their best Thanksgiving. I don't think it's gon na work. Of course, it's tell Spike that Zach is gone. I'm sure everybody will be able to hide it. Everybody but me. For what it's worth, I am sorry for what I put you through. The thing is, I thought I knew you. I thought I knew what you were capable of. And I just underestimated you. It was never my intention to make you look bad. I recommended you for that D.A. position because you're a damn good lawyer. And, I admit, a pretty good friend, too. I got ta go work on your papers for the transfer. Hands him half her sandwich. Have a good Thanksgiving, David. Thanks. No more visitors for him. Tell this file is all you wanted. You're not really working today. You're not really working today. Are you serious? You're gon na spend your holiday with that dead dude? Work's got ta You know what? Go be with your family, all right? I got turkey on 7-grain bread. I'm good. Sorry. No visitors. I'm Hayward's attorney. Well, if it isn't my father-in-law. Good to see you, Jack. I've got this feeling you don't think you're finished with my daughter, but you are. So I'm warning you don't you go anywhere near her and don't you try to contact her. You know something? I think I outrank you, Counselor. She may be your daughter, but Greenlee is still my wife. Don't you even say her name. Ok. You know something? Why don't you get the hell out of here. I got Thanksgiving dinner to (Jack-attacks-David)  This is a wonderful day. A day to give thanks. And now each of us wants to say what we're thankful for. This is it . Now, Chief Spike, what are you thankful for? Mommy, Daddy, brother, sister, and Daddy Zach. Daddy Zach loves Thanksgiving. (Cheering-and-applause) Bravo. He was excellent. He was. Emma was excellent, too. She's like an old pro. I mean, this is Spike's first time. He's, like, amazing. It's serious star power, that kid, right? He gets that from me. Of course, he does. Of course, he does. What'd you think, Mom? He was wonderful. I just wish Zach were here. Oh, I think that Zach knows. All right. Now, you make sure you get Jenny and our little squaw back to the restaurant. Put their turkey bibs on, ok? How in the world Where is the trust? Just get ready for a traditional Thanksgiving turkey. Where are you going? 's not a good time. But she's obviously in so much pain. She is in a lot of pain, but every time she sees us, she remembers the way that Zach died, ok? She knows that we're here. If she needs us, she'll come to us. Hey. right now I think we should just find Spike and tell him how great he was, ok? All right? there he is. Hey, Spike. You were so good. You were like a little rock star. You did an excellent job there, buddy. You were so good. Look, I want to find your sister, too, so why don't you give your mommy a big hug, ok? You were great. All right. Hey, buddy. You know what? You were the best one in the whole play. You know that? You were. You knew all of your lines. Everybody is so proud, honey. Come on, hot shot. I think there are other people who want to congratulate you. Get autographs. No, no. I'll go. I didn't do a damn thing to provoke him. He should be the one locked away. You know what? Lock me in here with you. We'll finish this right now, you miserable Nobody is finishing anything. How did you get in here? You used your credentials to get in here. Are you crazy? You know why he did this. You know what? We're gon na deal with that later. Right now, the prison bus is here to take you away. You have to go. Great. Let's get out of here. You ok? Yeah, right. Isn't it illegal to misrepresent yourself as someone's legal counsel? Hey, we might be seeing each other before you know it, Yeah, well, be careful what you wish for. Did Spike see me run off? No. No. He didn't. I just I saw him on stage looking he was looking for Zach, and I just I just couldn't. You did. You did. You were just fine. No, Mom, it doesn't feel like it. I know. I know it doesn't feel like it, honey. It's it's still so fresh. So time helps? Is that what you're saying, that one day I'll just be over it? No. No, I think we both know that it's not gon na be like that. I just wanted the boys to have the perfect life, to always feel safe and and loved and wanted. And they have all that. No, but they don't, Mom. They don't course, they do. They have you. I know I'm supposed to be strong for my children, but I'm not. I'm a mess. That's not true. You will get through this. No, Mom, I won't. I won't. I don't have it in me anymore. Kendall, I want you to look at me. Look at me. You do have it in you. You were a pretty impressive little pilgrim. It was the best play ever. Can we do it again? Hey, Ems, you know that Thanksgiving is about more than just costumes and pageants, though, right? Well, kind of. It's about being grateful and appreciating all your friends and family and everybody you love. Spike was sad that Uncle Zach didn't make the play. Yeah, we were all very sad about that. So I gave Spike my turkey silly, it sure is. That's really great, Emma. Thank you for being my daddy. Hey. Oh. For you. I'll let you take the coat. I just came by to wish everybody a happy Thanksgiving. I told Ryan about my little visit today. Did you? Yeah, well, that's that's partly why I came by. Hey, Ems, why don't you go upstairs and put your doll to bed? It's getting late for the doll. Ok Ok? All right. Ok. So they put Hayward on a bus. He's on his way to prison. It's over. He's finally out of our lives. Well, at least we have something to be thankful for. I'm just gon na run down to the car. I forgot my phone down there. I'll be right back, ok? Yeah, this is Ryan David Hayward is being transferred. So he's on his way to prison? That's very good news. Yes. Honey, I know that there's nothing that I could possibly say that could make this hurt feel any better. But one thing I know is that every woman in our family, every single one, has had to face challenges. And we have. They knock us down, but we get up. I don't know how I'm gon na tell Spike and Ian. You will find the words, and we will be there with you. Bianca and I are in your corner no matter what. And your grandmother is with you, too. And she always said to you that you will find your strength. I think it's time to go home. We have to have a family meeting. Ok, so we're in this club because they have too many too many birds. Tons. I told They order way too many, so it's no big deal for you and I to amble into the kitchen and liberate one. Ok, and that's why you need me. You want to rope me in to help you do that, with taking a bird. I roped you in because it's our duty as fathers, as Martins. Sure. Tell that to my parole officer. Would you stop whining? God, you make me tired. Listen, are we gon na stand here arguing, or are you gon na help me get into the kitchen, put a bird in this coat, and fly the coop? See what I did there? The coop thing Too much bird talk. I get it. All right. This is your moment, young Dr. Martin. But are you in, or are you out? Gobble, gobble. My doll's asleep. Oh, well, she looked pretty Hey, Zach. Look, I know you and I had our moments, but what you did for Greenlee and what you did for me the only way that I could possibly repay you is to make you this promise right now, that I I will be there for your family. I will be there for Kendall and the boys. I know you had a chance to be with Spike a lot this last year or so, and you were there for him and you helped him, and I I'll do the same for Ian, ok? I'll make sure whatever they need, they have. I'll make sure that they never they never forget you. I owe you that much. That was a very touching speech. Happy Thanksgiving, Ryan. You look surprised. I shouldn't be, though, should I? So who'd you drug this time, Hayward? It's a real crime, you know, how poorly it should've been you, not me, on that transport bus. Certainly not Greenlee. I should've taken you out when I had the chance. Left you high and dry. You never, ever go near her ever again. What are you gon na do? Huh? You're in no position to be making threats. Pulls out a gun This your new plan, is it? Hey, you know me, Ryan. I've got a million of them. It's not gon na work any better than your last one, Hayward. Really? The only mistake I made last time was not killing you when I had the chance. I am a great believer in second chances. You know what a slowpoke your daddy can be sometimes. He'll be back soon. Maybe he went to buy you a present. A present? You know, a thank-you present. Greenlee does love presents. , I don't know. You see, I wasn't I wasn't around very much when Greenlee was a little girl. I didn't even know she was my daughter for a long time. Really? Really. I missed a lot of Thanksgivings with her, so I am particularly grateful that she's in my life. Me, too. I don't know about anybody else, but I am getting hungry. Hey, what say we spark up the grill and slap some burgers on that puppy? Damon-and-kids Burgers Burgers Oh, no, let's wait a little longer. Oh, come on. Tad and Jake said that they'd be here. Yeah, but you never know what could happen when those two tricksters go off together. What do you got there? (Cheers-and-applause) How in the world did you pull that off? Faith, baby, faith. You know, back in the it right tomorrow. Done. You know how you keep asking me, " Where's Daddy Zach? " And why didn't he come to your show today? He said he was going to come. Yes, and you know, I know he would have been so proud of you. How great you did on your part. You did just perfect. You were amazing. Something happened, Spike. There was an accident. You were wonderful with Spike tonight. No child should ever have to go through that. If my kids end up hating Thanksgiving Zach wouldn't want that. I don't want them to ever forget about him. Of course, they won't. You'll see. They have so many wonderful memories of him. You'll tell them stories. Zach loved them so much, and they loved him, and they will never forget him. Thank you for being here, Mom. Are you all right? Listen, why don't we open some food? Why don't we have our little Thanksgiving dinner? No. Mom, I'm really I'm just I'm really, really tired. Well, I know it's very comforting for you to hold on tight to this photo of Zach. Yeah, it is. Honey, I could stay here tonight if you want me to. No. No, Mom. You really need to go be there for Jackson. I don't think that you should be alone tonight. I need to get out of here. I need I just need to breathe. There's no air in there. All right, then I'll stay with you. Mom All right. I'll leave. I'm so proud of you. Clinks glass I'd like to make a toast. Oh, boy, here we go. that. Folks, I give you me. Oh, fabulous. I love this. The luckiest man in the world. And I just have to stop and think about it, you know? Last year at this time, I had no idea that I had yet another son, and this year I'm stuck with the knucklehead who seems seems to have disappeared. Anyway, well, anyway, let's not forget my beloved brother. Huh? You got me. My lieutenant. My partner in crime during the very " fowl " crime that was committed tonight. I know. I should stop. I should stop. But anyway, anyway, I also have, last but not least, I also have the rest of you, you know? My beloved friends and my family. And that's quite a blessing, you know? That's enough for any man. And I think actually, I know losing Zach of that, you know, exactly what we have. Each other. Truth is, there's a lot of pain out there, you know. A lot of suffering and a lot of loneliness, and when you're on your own, sometimes it feels like it's too much. When you got your family and your friends and your kids you can get through anything. Ha. Hey, could you go look for Ryan? I'm in the middle of a game. Yes, I'll take a look. And if he's not down in the garage, could you check the roof, because sometimes he goes up there to get some fresh air. Sure. Don't let her cheat. All right? What are you gon na do, Hayward? You gon na kill me and kidnap Greenlee? Both great ideas. Well, you're gon na have to get through me first. Grunting as he seen a lot of tragedy in the last year. A lot. And sometimes it's easy to lay in bed at night and worry and wonder, how much worse can it get? How much more can I take? But that's really a waste of time, because with you, I know for sure as long as you got somebody to love and somebody to love you, it gets better. It always gets better if you just hang on. And that's us, you know? That's Pine Valley, right? We struggle, we screw up But we persevere. Together. So what do you say, huh? Let's raise a glass. Right. (Glasses-clink) To this wonderful, crazy thing called family and this wonderful, crazy place we call Pine Valley. Never a dull moment. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving. Who's there? Hayward. Who's there Erica-appears-holding-a 2-gun 
That was a very touching speech. Happy Thanksgiving, Ryan. So what are you gon na do? Kill me and kidnap Greenlee? Both great ideas. You're gon na have to get through me first. Who's there? Whoever's there, come out What did you do? Is he dead yet? What the hell happened? Ryan, what happened? David escaped, and he came here for Greenlee. We fought. He had a gun. I knocked the gun out of his hand, and we were fighting. We ended up on the ledge, and then oh, God. I'm gon na take this gun now. Let me have it. Tell me what happened. I had to help Ryan. We just lost Zach because of David. I couldn't let David not again, even if it meant Ok. Are you all right? Mm-hmm. How's he? lot. I've got a gunshot wound at what's the address here? 450 450 Old Cedar Lane. We're up on the roof. Don't die on me, you son of a bitch. You are not gon na get off this easy. Panting Where's Daddy? He said he was hungry. I'm sure he'll be back soon. (Doorbell-rings) Oh. Hi. Women carrying pumpkin mousse pie are usually met with a touch more enthusiasm. Sorry. That's great. Come on in. Yay Pie Hey there, honeybunch Hey, do you mind watching Emma for a few minutes? I have to check on something. It'd be my pleasure. Maybe I'll join you in a slice, huh? I'll be right back. Is everything ok? Everything's great. Where's Jack and Ryan? The boys seem to have Maybe we should have dessert while we wait. Get it? Hee hee hee I do get it, and aren't you clever. Well, you just run right along, wrangle up those boys. We'll have the pie waiting for you when you get back, huh? Thank you. Hey. You're working? Yes. Thanksgiving ranks right up there with Christmas in terms of family time. When you canceled the big dinner because of Zach, I thought I'd take advantage of it and get some work done. You had other options. Like what? Inviting the brat over so we could fight over a wishbone? It's a start. " It's a start "? No, I really got to get this done. I know Asher blames you for his mother's death, but maybe you could talk to him, explain what happened. No, no. Trust me, it I spent 20 years trying to put this behind me, not just for myself but for him, too. What if he doesn't want to put it behind him? What if he wants to know? Let me ask you something. Do you think my telling him that his mother ran off with Adam Chandler is gon na make anything better? Adam? Adam took her away from you. Well, I I don't care if you talk to me, but he's not a kid anymore. He'll understand. He needs somebody to blame. Seems to me Adam is the one who tore your family apart. I can't tell him about Adam without telling him about his mother. The kid needs a fall guy. I'm willing to be it. Someone needs to tell the kitchen staff there's, like, 2 1/2 Chandlers living in this house. I think they make so much so they can take the loved it He ate twice his weight in sweet potatoes. Hi. What are you doing here? I thought I lived here, too. Have you been around all day? We would've invited you to our holiday feast. I thought you were going to your friend's. Kendall. Yeah, that was the plan. Her husband had an accident. He didn't make it. Wow. I'm sorry. Have you had any turkey? There's plenty left over. Thanksgiving's not really a big deal to me. Oh, really? Are desserts a big deal for you, Asher? Pumpkin pie? We got 5 kinds. You can have one all yourself. That's all right. Did he just turn down pie? I think so. You guys go ahead. No, you're family, Asher. We're not gon na take no for an answer. Isn't that to do, he's got things to do. We really shouldn't keep him. I guess I could eat. Ah That's the spirit. It's been a lot quieter around here. I have to say it's been a damn good holiday without the old man around. How could you say that? Come on, Colby. No drama. No games. No Dad thanking his second in command for giving him his due and then demanding more the next year. I totally miss Dad because things haven't been the same since he left. You're right. It's been better. Why? Because you get to sit at the head of the table? Is that why? I don't think Asher wants to hear us fight about the great Adam Chandler. Hey, go ahead. I've got nothing else to do. He's losing a lot of blood, Jack. Paramedics are on their I had to call in a gunshot wound. That means the police are on their way here. I need you to talk to me, tell me what happened why you were here, what you saw, why you fired this weapon. It all happened so fast. When I think about it, it was as if it was in slow motion. I know. Listen. Just take your time and do the best you can. Ok? Why were you even here, honey? I had just left Kendall and the boys, and I wanted to see you, and I thought you'd be here with Greenlee and Ryan. But when I got to the building, I saw David go in. So why did you come up to the roof? Because I saw the elevator. I saw where it stopped. Ok. So you come up to the roof. You come through that door. What do you see? They were fighting Ok. Just take a breath. And so I saw the gun, and I picked it up, and I fired. I had to. I had to save Ryan I know, honey. And that's everything, right? Yes. When the police get here, just let me do the talking. Where the hell are the paramedics, huh? Greenlee. Oh, my God. Ryan, are you ok? I'm fine. It's David. You shouldn't be here. Oh, my God. Ryan? Ryan's fine. Listen to me. I want you to go to the apartment, and I want you to stay there. Police are on their way. I'm not going anywhere until someone tells me what the hell happened. I couldn't let Kendall's little boys lose another parent. So here's what we have, so far. You ready for this ourselves one heartburn. One guy thought he was dying, but it was only gas. I said, " Read the instructions before you go trying to fry a turkey. Do it the old-fashioned way. " Did Krystal's homemade pumpkin pie just show up. You got a good sniffer. And brought me along just for fun. I figured since you had to cut out early, the least I could do was bring you dessert. What about me? What about you? Man, I saw you eat yours. You had your pie. What? No. Ok. Seconds. You ate your wife's. You scarfed it down. Seconds? You kidding? Besides, I do not deliver pie to turkey thieves. Alleged. Alleged turkey thief. Here. Fork for you. Here you go, right there. Busy? No, not really. Just pretty much dispensing antacids. What? I'm starving. As usual. Hey, come on. You need to remember she's eating for two. You forgot that? No. I remember. Coffee? Did you bring coffee? What? It's gon na be a long night. (Second-phone-rings) (Third-phone-rings) What's going on? What the hell? David tried to kill you? I'm fine. He's the one with the bullet in him. (Siren) I didn't even have time to think. I just saw Ryan. David was about to push him over the edge. All I did I saw the gun, I picked it up, and I fired. Oh, my God. He was not about to let you go, Greenlee. Over here. He got shot in the back. As far as I can tell, the bullet is still inside him. Ok? We'll take over here. Second-E.M.T. Let's get him stabilized. How He bribed the guys in the prison transport. Hayward has threatened Ryan multiple times. He admitted it in court. Now he tried to make good on those threats. If Erica hadn't been here, he would've killed Ryan. " Free turkey to the needy Chandler Enterprises continues the tradition. " Happy holidays. Instead of focusing on the negative my father you know what? Let's just talk about what we're grateful for. How about that? Wow. Ok. That sounds like a lot of fun, but I am actually gon na go see Damon now. Come on, Colby. Indulge me, please? Ohh This is what I'm grateful for, the best son in the entire world. Yeah What are you grateful for, Asher? Um, I'm just glad to be here with you guys. No one's ever taken me in, treated me as well as you have you want, every hour of the day? And the jalapeno jack. Yeah. How about you, little sis? What are you grateful for? I would love to say that I am grateful for the people that are only using us are out of our lives, but I can't. Where is that little Annie anyways? Where did she go? Can we not have this discussion today? All right. I am grateful that you're here, and you're alive, and you're well. And I am grateful for my adorable, crazy little nephew. And I'm grateful for Damon. I'm happy he's in my life every single day. Holidays are about our children, and they need us this holiday more than ever, especially Spike and Ian. How are they doing? How was the pageant? Spike was perfect, so happy. But then later, Kendall had to tell him about Zach. Mom and I Zach was just such an amazing presence in Spike and Ian's life. To think those children will grow up without him, that Ian will never know his father? It just breaks my heart. They're gon na be ok. They have you and Kendall and Erica. I have never been more grateful for my family. My mother God, she was just right there with Kendall. Yeah, I know her reputation. I know that she's selfish and conceited. But if there's a crisis in our family, she knows exactly what to do for us. We've got a single gunshot wound to the upper left posterior thorax. So let me get this straight. David was forcing you over the ledge? He wasn't done with Greenlee, and he knew that meant coming through me first. Whose gun is this? It's David's gun. He pulled it on me, and I wasn't gon na let . It went off, and then I knocked it out of his hands. We fought. We struggled a little bit. I ended up on the ledge and Then you showed up? What happened next? All right, I'm Ms. Kane's attorney. Any questions to her will come through me. Ok? It's all right, Jack. I have nothing to hide. Erica I saw them fighting. David was about to push Ryan over the edge. Something had to be done. And that's all my client has to say right now. She'll gladly make a statement later, but, clearly, this was a justified shooting. We're ready to transport the victim. I need to get downstairs to my daughter. She's fine. Opal is with her. I'm gon na cooperate 100%. I'll get to the station as soon as I possibly can, but right now I got Go ahead. I'll go to the hospital, and I'll give you updates. Part of me hopes He belongs in prison. Anything else is a cop-out. You're right. I love you. I love you. Emma can't see you like this. Ryan, take my shirt. Thank you for saving my life. I had to, Ryan. We've had enough tragedy to last a long, long time. We couldn't stand any more. Daddy Ems, I'm so sorry that I disappeared for so long. I'm sorry about that. Why were you gone? There was a man, and he got hurt, and he had to go to the hospital. Is he gon na be ok? I don't know. But I know that the doctors are gon na work really hard to make sure that he's ok. Is the man a think you're gon na have a lot more fun at your mom's tonight, and I'm sure she would love to see you. So, Opal, is there any chance I would love to do that. Would you like that? Yeah. Good. Why don't you go up and get your backpack, ok, get ready to go? Ok. I'll be waiting. So is Erica ok? Are you ok? I think Erica's hanging in there, yeah. What about David? David is touch and go right now. I wouldn't mind if he went. So you sure you're ok with taking Emma over to see Annie? Of course. I'm just so relieved that Erica has Jackson right now. I think it's gon na be a long night for everyone. Ms. Kane, so is this where you were standing when you shot David? With later. My client's had a very traumatic experience. I understand this, Mr. Montgomery. I'm just trying to get a report. Ms Kane, did you call out? " Call out "? Before you pulled the trigger, did you yell at David to let Ryan go? I got a great idea. Why don't we take this little party downtown? We'll all talk to Chief Hubbard. What do you say? I'll see you there. Good. P.V.H. arrived. Over. Excuse me. Monroe. Don't worry. This is gon na be all right. I know. Copy. Any word on Hayward's condition? He's at the hospital right now. Is he gon na make it? We'll see. What do we got? G.S.W. One entrance wound, no exit. Oh, my God. What is it the same. B.P. is palp only at 80. He's getting two liters wide open. He's still breathing on his own, but respirations are labored. Significant blood loss at scene. Let's get him into cube number one. You all right? Keep me posted. Ok? Of course. Heartbeat's irregular. The bullet's probably lodged near the heart. Let's get a chest X-ray going so we can locate this slug. Ok? I want to put a 12-lead on him. Call the team upstairs and get them ready. Yes, Doctor. Sounds like he's dropped a lung. I want to run a chest line. Help me set that up, will you? It's crazy irony, isn't it? Pine Valley's best cardiac surgeon needs a cardiac surgeon. Dr. Sanders is already in surgery, and Dr. Restreppo is on vacation. I'll do it. You on David? No. Listen. Griffin Castillo already offered to pitch in if we needed him. We don't need him. If you have a personal problem with the man, you keep it out of the hospital. We have a patient to save. Now, I will call Dr. Castillo, and you will work with him. Understood? Yes. We're gon na get David back on his feet so that he can answer for everything he's done. Any questions? Yeah, I just have one question. Why do you have to be so damn right all the time? Get this over to Evidence. Yes, sir. I'm gon na need to take a formal statement. We have one basic fact that we agree on, right? Erica is not a criminal. What she did was save a man's life. If it hadn't been for her, Ryan would be a broken body on the the facts, Jack. The facts? The facts are law enforcement dropped the ball, and Hayward attacked Ryan on his way to kidnapping my daughter I know it was sloppy. I'm sorry. It's a mess, but I promise I will only keep you as long as it takes to verify your story. My story? This is not a story, Jesse. This really happened. Someone had to do something. Hey, listen. I'd like to pin a medal on you, give you a parade. But unfortunately, until the man comes out of surgery, we only have 2/3 of the story. You got any word on his condition? Not yet. I'll go get the report from Officer Monroe, then we'll get started. Before we get started, let me get you, what, a cup of coffee or something? Ok. Yes, thank you. This is Ryan Lavery. I . No, I'm not family. Madison? What happened? My God. It's gon na be all right. Madison, what happened? I'm just gon na take a little look and see it. Oh, my God. It's from a bullet. Madison, what happened? Just come with me. We're gon na get you to the hospital. It's gon na be all right. Just take it easy. Don't use that arm. Come with me. I got you. Opal. Come in. Hey there. We're sorry to be busting in out of the blue. We're just wondering of Annie was here. We haven't been able to reach her on our cell phone, have we? I thought Emma was spending the night with Ryan. My daddy's friend got hurt, and he went to the hospital. Annie's not here, sweetheart come home with me and play with Kathy and Jenny. Ok. I have an idea where she might be. You want to take a ride with me and A.J.? Sure. All right. Is that ok with you? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. A.J.? Emma's here. Yeah Hey there Can you grab your coat for me? Yeah. All right. This friend who was hurt anyone I know? Afraid so. Hayward busted out of jail, took a bullet for his troubles. Someone shot him? I don't want to go there. How is he? He isn't that good. So I suggest that you keep A.J. away from the TV until you have a chance to tell him about his granddaddy. Well, I'm gon na be going, then, I guess. Thanks a lot for looking after Emma. gon na be taking off for a bit. You and Asher should still have that dessert, though. Ok? It looks like the holiday is officially over. I'm gon na go see Damon for our little date. You don't have to freak just because we're alone. I promise I won't jump you. No, I know. I actually have a date with Damon. It has nothing to do with you. But, Asher, I want to forget that kiss ever happened. It's forgotten. Really? If that's what you want? So I'm guessing this isn't how you usually celebrate Turkey Day, right? No. No, not really. The dining room looks like it's ready for the Obamas, so I'm guessing it's usually more like fancy clothes, fancy people, food I can't pronounce. No. Actually, it's like a family thing. It's really not must've kept things happening. Yeah. Yeah, he did. The great Adam Chandler. I bet he really ran this place. I'm picturing iron-fist type of guy? Asher, why are you so curious about my dad? Just making conversation. I know, but this is the second time you've made conversation. So I'm thinking that there's a reason why. Well, Caleb told me that your dad had something to do with my mother's death. So you made a statement? I answered questions at the scene. Without a lawyer? No. Jack was there. Oh. Good. Anyway, why are you here, and how did you know? Opal called. She really shouldn't have done that. I'm fine. I'm fine. Mom, you shot David. To protect Ryan. All of this is gon na be resolved very, very soon doing? He just went into surgery. Here you go, sweetheart. Thank you. Let's hope for you sake that he makes it. You didn't speak to Kendall, did you? No. I checked in earlier. The nanny said she went to bed. Oh. Good. She should rest. She's been through so much. I want to keep her out of this as long as I possibly can. What are David's chances? Greenlee, they're not gon na know until he's on the table. Dr. Hubbard? I got your message. Yeah, Dr. Castillo, we have a gunshot wound, significant blood loss. The bullet's lodged near the left sternal border, fourth intercostal space. They should've left the X-rays here somewhere. I got it. It's right here. Thank you. It's lodged in the pericardium, a hair to the left. I but I sure could use him in the O.R. You'll get what you want, just not in the way you want. How you holding up? I'm ok. Write a little something to help you sleep tonight? He made my life hell, but I don't want him dead. We have a little bit of a funky situation right now. What are you talking about? This is a very risky surgery, and you are his wife, so that means, technically, you're the next of kin, which means there's decisions that need to be made, and you need to make them on his behalf. How am I supposed to do that? Find a way, Mrs. Hayward. Dr. Hayward was my mentor, and I'm gon na do whatever I can to save him, but I need your say to a make that happen. Fine. Just do what needs to be . I hate this. I know. I need a doctor Jake. Mommy Emma Hi What are you doing here? You're a hard woman to track down. Am I missing something? Why aren't you with your dad? Ryan had to take care of something. We were hoping you might want to share some pie. And ice cream. Can we, Mommy? Yeah, of course, we can. Thank you for reminding me of everything I'm thankful for. Everything? Why don't you guys go get us a table, and we will work on the pie, huh? Ok. And ice cream. And ice cream. You got it, mister. Um, of all the places in town, this is probably the last place we should be seen together. What? Four people sitting down to share some pie, to talk about what we that? So? It's through and through. Bullet went in through here, and it came right out over here. A bullet? Yeah. We're gon na have to report this because it's standard operating procedure. But is she gon na be ok? She's gon na be fine. I'm gon na pack the wound, put her on antibiotics, and she'll be fine. Thank God. Ok. You stay still My dad's gon na be thrilled when you return the shirt. Yeah, it's the second one that I've ruined tonight. What happened? Did Madison tell you? No. She doesn't know, but I figured it out. When David and I were on the roof and were fighting over the gun, a shot was fired. And a bullet found her on the street? What are the odds? I'm just so happy that she . Any word on David? He's in surgery, and he's lost a lot of blood, so he's gon na need a blood transfusion. What's his blood type? No, Ryan, you're not donating blood. If it keeps him alive, so that he can answer for all the hell that he's brought down, I'll give a quart. Caleb wouldn't tell me what your dad did, but he sure hates Adam Chandler. Well, my dad's not the nicest guy in the world. He's done a lot of shady stuff. Yeah, but there's two sides to everything. It's not like I exactly trust Caleb. Yeah, but he gave you that necklace that belonged to your mom. That's making an effort, right? Or he's playing me. Maybe he's trying to find someone to blame for what happened to my mom. Asher, when stop until he gets it. It doesn't matter whose life he hurts or whose world he blows up. As you can probably tell, J.R. he's not so different. So it is possible that it was my dad's fault, not yours. Thanks for the pie. Asher, where are you going? I'm gon na drive, just clear my head. No, Asher, wait. Hey. You'll be out of here in no time. You're in good hands. So I'm gon na need to get Erica's statement. So if you all don't mind I'll wait out here. Honey, that's not necessary. Are you sure? Yes. I'm in good hands. Ok. Well, let me know the second you're done. I will. I will. You hang in there, Erica. What's this? A misunderstandingn't a misunderstanding. Neither is having a fake I.D. Come on. My car doesn't even go 98. Why were you speeding? Maybe I like to go fast. Terrific. Now you need a lawyer. I'm good. Make sure you photograph me on my good side. Hey. Happy Thanksgiving. Ok. I got Madison North all patched up. She's on an antibiotic drip and a little something for the pain. Keep her overnight for observation. Ok? Now I have to assist Castillo in the O.R ., and they said tonight was gon na be a slow night. How's she doing? She's out of it. Any word from the O.R.? Nothing. Hey, it's gon na be ok. You could've died tonight. But I didn't. If he survives, what if he's not done coming after us? David will never get long as I'm around. Ok. I see the bullet. Forceps. We've got a bleeder. Suction. Sponge. Erica, are you listening? Oh. I'm sorry? You told Officer Monroe that you saw David Hayward walk into the building, and you followed him, right? Yes. He and Ryan are fighting, you picked up the gun, and, without warning, shot him in the back. Jesse, I did what I had to do. Just hang on a second. Jesse, let's take a break for a minute, huh? Please? I'm gon na call the hospital. Are you all right? Yes. Of course, I am. Really, Jack, I'm fine. This really turned out to be some holiday, huh? You know what, Jack? My family is safe. That's all the holiday I need. Hugs Jack 
Hello Are you there? What's the matter? You don't feel like playing anymore? I'm supposed to be married right now, supposed to be on my honeymoon, starting the rest of my life with Jack. Instead, I'm here with nothing and no one. What do you want from me? Why am I being held here? Is your goal to drive me insane? Because if it is, bravo It's working. Disembodied-voice Maybe you're just bored. Oh. Thank you for gracing me with your presence. Disembodied-voice I thought a change of clothes would put you in a better mood. Not even close. Disembodied-voice How about something to read? Oh, yes, that's exactly what I feel like doing, curling up with a book. Disembodied-voice Sounds like you could use the distraction. The only distraction I want is out of here. Disembodied-voice I happen to have a classic here. All right, fine. Where is it? Maya. working here for a couple weeks. Did you break something? I know I'm supposed to come through the service entrance, but no one was manning the gate. Those are my father's rules. You can come through any door that you'd like. Just make sure you show up at work. Thank you. I guess I'll go get changed. Hi I'm Colby. I know. Are you friends with J.R.? Me? Oh, no. I work here. Oh, well, today must be your first big day. Welcome. I've been here for a couple weeks. That is so weird. Why haven't I seen you before? You definitely work shifts when I'm not around, right? Actually, I clean your room every morning. What's up? You wanted to see me? Yes, I'm planning on taking the day off. Can you no problem. Doing anything cool? What he's doing is making a play for his ex. Why don't you tell your boss it's not gon na work? Tell the media that I would like some answers about Dr. Castillo's escape, too. No, I'm not trying to be funny, Ron. Of course, I know what a crisis this is for the center, but we're not the only ones affected. Take my sister, for example. Her boys. I've got ta take them in temporarily. Not to mention my mother is God knows where. It's just a complete disaster. I'm gon na call you right back. Sorry. Not at all. Disaster is exactly what it is. Hi. Hi. Look, I don't pretend to know what is going on in my mom's head. Obviously, she just needs a little bit of time to work through it. She will know she's worth waiting for. Bianca, the problem is all I seem to do is wait for her. I don't know why you're so amused. There's no chapter in here on how to kidnap people. Disembodied-voice But your words can be applied to so many situations. " Above all, never cave in. Never ever give up. " Page 29. You're so impressed with my book, by all means, let me sign your copy. Disembodied-voice I'd be honored. Dear captor, go to hell. Love and kisses, Erica Kane. Are you happy? Thank you. Do you think I've been too patient with your mother, allowed her to think that she could take me for granted? No. She doesn't think that. Uncle Jack, she doesn't. I love you. I love you for trying to make this all ok when it is impossible. I know you have your 've noticed. Yeah. I don't want you to give up on my mom. Do I look like a man who's giving up? I spent my wedding day holding my breath. Every time the door opened " Ah Is that Erica? " We're supposed to be on our honeymoon right now, looking deeply into each other's eyes, drinking deeply in each other's souls. Bianca, I had my limit. I can only run my head against the wall so many times before I finally go, " Oh, that's what's giving me the headache. " Anyway I'm off. Listen, you have you seen Krystal come in? I haven't seen her. Give me a kiss. Don't worry about me. Disembodied-voice Ha ha ha Classic Erica. You're bringing your pages to life. " Never cave in. " " Never ever give up. " One of the many things I Disembodied-voice Just the opposite. I've been waiting for this. Don't forget, I know you. So we've met. Disembodied-voice Fishing will get you nowhere. But since you seem to be so impressed with me, then why not a reward for my efforts? Disembodied-voice I'm not releasing you. That's not what I had in mind. I'm normally not this clueless. It's not a big deal. Do you wear your hair different when you work? Maybe you wear it out, maybe? Yeah, sometimes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So what's your name? Maya. Maya. Are you new to Pine Valley? Actually, I'd love to hang out, but if I don't go get changed, I'm gon na be late. Oh, ok, sure. Bye We'll see you later. Bye. J.R. thinks he's he's " helping Bianca. " Maybe you guys should talk by yourselves. Hey, Bianca is my friend. Friend? Did he just say friend? What is so wrong with trying to set her up? Nothing. I just don't understand why we're going? Because I'm trying to do something nice. Mm-hmm. Jury's out on that one. Oh, she's talking legal. Maybe I should call my lawyer. There's no need. The verdict is in. I'm gon na go. Well, that was easy, easier than I thought. What do you think? I guess. Regardless of whatever it is you're trying to pull, if you're trying to pull something, I really care about Bianca. She's going through a rough time, and maybe a date will help get her mind off things. See? We're on the same page. Buddy, for Bianca, I'm in. Ok, so lunch and Adele still works? I've been dying to see that concert, and you know it. I'm gon na go say hi to A.J. Fine. I will be down here. Oh, good. Just a matter of time, Asher. Till Till I get her back. What? Nothing. I don't really know Marissa that well, but it doesn't really look like she's gon na go for it. That's just all part of her game. So what do you think? You've been pressing me to eat. Disembodied-voice And all you've had was some sparkling water. I take it you're ready for some food. Provided there's a certain level of class, yes. Disembodied-voice Now, this is getting interesting. I'm Erica Kane. I don't eat off paper plates or use plastic cutlery. Disembodied-voice . Figured it would be easier to throw things out. I want real china, sterling silver. And I want to see your face. Looks like Bianca isn't here yet. Guess not. Can I call the office? I'll make it quick. Do whatever you want. Ok. You must be Bianca. Oh, no, I'm her friend Marissa. Sorry. Right. We met at the holiday office party. J.R .' s wife. Mm-hmm. No, ex-wife. And don't be sorry. Getting me mixed with Bianca, I take that as a compliment. But she should be here any minute. Just wait till you meet her. She is great. Hey. There you are. Hi. You ready? I guess. Is it normal to be so jumpy? Blind dates, they're nerve-wracking. That's why Marissa and I are here. I do point. This whole day has been a nightmare. You got nowhere else to go but up. Hey, check it out. What? Your date's here. Did I not tell you she was hot? She's beautiful. Yeah. How long have you been standing there? I just walked in. Could you walk a little louder next time? What's up with you? I'm trying to work and concentrate, and you're making it very hard for me. Sorry. I'll get out of your way. Am I a snob? Where did that come from? Just answer the question. Am I? I mean yeah. Yeah? Are you serious? I am? Look at where you grew up. You know? Surrounded by all this. It would only make sense that it would rub off on you a little. As opposed to you? handed anything in his life. I'm not look. If you didn't want me to be honest I wanted you to be honest, ok. I just I don't want to Be you? Is this about what happened at ConFusion? You still pissed that I called the guy out? You did a lot more than call him out. But no. Then what? I don't know. Just forget I ever asked. Thank you. What's all this? No clue. Thank you. So do you have any idea where I should put this stuff? I'll take care of it. Ok. (Doorbell-rings) I got it. What are you doing here? Good to see you, too. I just want to be sure that all this stuff got here for Colby. No news on Erica? No, nothing. That's it? Every you just hang up on me. What happened in St. Barts? Did you find her? Know where she is? Nothing happened. Next subject. Disembodied-voice We'll be face to face soon, but not yet. What are you waiting for? Disembodied-voice There's still details. Details. You won't tell me what you want from me, but you did say that you respect me on a certain level. And on a certain level, I respect you, too. I mean, look what you've accomplished. You re-created my home. You've kept people from knowing where I am and finding me. Disembodied-voice They think you're ok, because you convinced them you're ok. And are they ok? Disembodied-voice Everyone is fine. There's lots of stories everywhere about the way you took off before your wedding, but Jackson Jackson? What about Jackson? Disembodied-voice Don't you worry about Jack. He'll be just fine. Answer me So, what do you got there? Huh? On your phone there? Maybe you'd like to share that with me. Oh, somebody just sent me a funny video. Well, I could certainly use funny right now. I would show it to you, but I just lost my signal. Huh. So how are you? I was thinking about your kind offer to spend some time together and talk. Ok. And I was wondering how you felt about right now. Sorry. I'll just do this room later. No, no. That's ok. Maya. Yeah? I was just saying your name. Oh. Ok. Seriously, there are a million other rooms to clean. I could just come back later. No, no. Stay. It's ok. It looks like you're working on something. Oh . For your next video post? You've seen them? Watched every one. I like the one where you sing. Thank you. You're really good. Sometimes it's like you know exactly what I feel. Really? Don't sound so surprised. Maya, I didn't mean it like that at all. I know. So you've had some rotten boyfriends, I guess, too. Hasn't everyone? Don't get me wrong. No guy ever slept with my mom. I'm glad I still hold that title. Anyway, keep doing what you're doing. It helps people. Have I helped you in any way? I'm just gon na start upstairs and work my way down. Come on, something must have happened. Did you at least see Erica, talk to her? Yes, we talked. She didn't end up marrying that right? It's complicated. Right. Over my head. No way I'd understand, right? Asher, please don't do that. I didn't come here to get into this with you. I just want to be sure that this stuff got here so that Colby can do her thing, ok? Look, you honestly think that this is a smart idea? Chandler's your biggest competitor. This is the deal that we made. She gets the stuff free, she makes it visible when she does her thing. It's called a Vlog. A what? Vlog. A Vlog? Yeah. I thought it was a blog. No. Look, it doesn't matter, ok? I know you probably don't give a damn, but this is a bad idea. If I were you, I'd get this stuff out of here. J.R .' s gon na flip out, ok So, Louise, how long have you lived in Pine Valley? Almost two years now. It's a great place, huh? Perfect. It's exactly what I envisioned when I imagined settling down, starting a family. Oh, you have kids? Not yet. But you want them. Oh, yes. I mean, not right this second, but someday. So how's A.J.? He's great. He's What? I forgot to tell Lucretia to give him his cold medicine. Want me to call? No, it's ok. I'll take care of it. Excuse me. Chandler residence. Maya, it's J.R. Can you do me a favor? Tell Lucretia to give A.J. a dose of his cold medicine with lunch. Yeah. Sure. Is something wrong? I don't know. What's going on tall, gray hair. Seems like he knows Asher pretty well. What does he want? He sent in a bunch of big boxes. Asher didn't want him to. He knew that you wouldn't like it. You know what, Maya, it's ok. I'll deal with it. Hey, everything ok? I'm so sorry, but I'm gon na have to run out of here. I'll meet up with you ladies as soon as I can. Is it A.J.? A.J .'s fine. Somebody else might not be. Way to pull out all stops, Jack. You take me to my own restaurant. Oh, I'm sorry. I just thought I'm kidding. No, no. I'm kidding. I know that you want to kind of keep it low-key, and I completely understand. We can go anyplace you want to go. It's Yes. Ok. Honestly, any place would be great. I just want to help you through this. Thank you. I appreciate that. I really do. Wow. I really can't escape her, can I? There's always a way. Talk to me Hello Hello? Please, just talk to me Are you there? Hello Hello Really, of all the books in the world, she had to be reading that one. Do you want me to ask her to take off the dust Jacket? Would you, please? Then at least Erica wouldn't be staring at me. Her eyes kind of follow you everywhere like the " Mona Lisa. " Except so much more beautiful. I can't blame the girl for reading it. I mean, it's a good story. You've read the book? Oh, yeah. " The secret to state of mind. " You can quote the book. Oh, just that one line, believe me. Whatever compelled you to pick it up? Probably the fact that there was nothing else to read in a tent in Africa, and Erica brought along extra copies. To give away to the lucky indigenous population, I'm sure. You never told me about that trip. I knew about it, but what was it like? Uh enlightening? Yeah, I guess I didn't realize that turns out Erica Kane can rough it just like the rest of us. I learned a lot about her. Hmm Jack. What? I hope you're not feeling guilty about being here with me. I really just I want to keep you company while Erica is gone. I know that. And I don't feel the least bit guilty. Let's get something to eat. Let's eat, yeah " What's good here? " Everything is good here. It's my restaurant. I know. I'm sorry. Hi. Well, you order for us. So sorry to interrupt. Not at all. Henry called in sick and there's no one else to run deliveries. Oh, great. I read about the wedding almost wedding. It must have been awful. Penny, no. Listen, I'll take care of it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Penny. Penny, right? Penny? Thank you for your concern. I'm so sorry. No, that's ok. I should get used to it. No, you shouldn't have to get used to it, Jack. And I know it might feel this way, but Erica is not here, and you can escape her. No, I can't. I can't escape her the TV. She's there. I turn on the radio, she's there. I come in here to have a bite to eat with you, and there she is. Maybe this was a bad idea. Some other time? I think that might be a better idea. I'll give you a call. Good luck with your delivery problem. I'll probably end up doing those deliveries myself. Sometimes you just have to take matters into your own hands. See ya. Bianca, you should tell Louise what you do. She's really inspiring. Oh, I would not go that far. I would. Don't leave me in suspense. She's the founder of the Miranda Center. Really? Miranda is my daughter. Wow. That's incredible. I know a couple of women who've really benefited from that place. I'm glad. I'm sorry. I've really been those days. The center is having some insane publicity issues. I used to work in publicity. Is this about that doctor guy? The backers aren't too thrilled about having a potential murderer linked to the center, especially since the media outlets are all over us right now. What about a media blitz? Address everyone at once. Put all those questions to bed. That's an idea. I think Bianca's style is more to lay low, let the frenzy die down. Hopefully, by then you'll have all the facts. That's exactly what I'm trying to do, yeah. That's cool. Everyone has their style. I didn't mean Marissa knows how I operate a little bit better. I'm sure she does. I'm telling you you're gon na regret this. Regret what? What is going on? Hey. There's the stuff we talked about. 's all for me then, right? Yes. Thank you. Don't worry, Colby. It's for my benefit, not yours. It's another lame attempt by Caleb to hit me where it hurts, but it's funny, because I don't feel anything. It's just a simple business transaction. Right. I want this stuff out of here. Are you really that threatened by having Cortlandt equipment in your home? J.R ., please. Will you just stop, please? The last thing I am is threatened by you. Well, then, we're good here. No, not even close. Does anybody care about what I think right now? You want to one-up me? You go ahead and try, but don't use my family to do it. J.R ., stop. Colby here is going places, and we're gon na be the beneficiary. Asher I don't think so. What? You're on his side? If you ask me, it's between him and Colby. Finally No, that's not the point It's not between Colby Would you cut the guy some slack? He's going through a lot. Disembodied-voice I can't tell you how relieved I am you're finally ending your hunger strike. How did I do? Real china, real silver. I suppose it would be too much to ask to ask for a real key to that door for dessert. Disembodied-voice I love how funny you are. Even when things go wrong, it's like you're always above it all. Always? Disembodied-voice Is there a problem? This is from Krystal's. Disembodied-voice Hate to break it to you, but chicken parmesan is a popular dish. Oh, no. Only Krystal ruins it like this. This is from Krystal's. And it's in Pine Valley? Disembodied-voice Don't jump to conclusions. All this time I've been just minutes away from the people I love? Who are you? What kind of excuse for a man would do this to me? Disembodied-voice Who says I'm a man? You can do practically anything with audio these days. Krystal, it's you. You did this to get your hooks into Jack, didn't you? Is this what you used to do in the trailer park, Krystal, in order to get some other woman's man? You locked her in a double-wide till you could get your hooks in him? Oh, it's not gon na work, Krystal. You know why, Krystal ?' Cause you're gon na screw up again ,' cause you're stupid. Who would be stupid enough to bring food from their own restaurant? Ha So it's you, Krystal. Ok. Answer me. It's you, Krystal. I know me Krystal Hello Hi, all you brokenhearted. Sorry I seem a little bummed today. There's just been a lot of drama at the house again. But I don't want to talk about that, because I want to talk about Erica Kane. I know you all know that she bailed on her wedding. And a lot of you may think that is crazy. But me, I call it genius. The woman has everything, including a wedding set up in St. Barts to a stand-up guy. So who would walk away from something like that? Erica Kane, that's who. Why, you ask? Because she's strong. She is brave. She believes in who she is. Would it have been better if it was a year or a week from now? I don't know. But come on, you guys. Whatever. She bailed on her wedding. Big deal. I mean, it's not like she has of you out there are slamming her. You're saying that she is selfish. How selfish could she be and how mean could she be? Come on, people. She was being honest. And maybe she realized she's better off on her own. Doesn't really seem like a bad place to be. Anyway, that's it for me. The break-up girl signing off. Later. Asher-watches-on-his 2-laptop That was fast. Hey. Hey. Stick around for a minute. What for? ' Cause I want to thank you. Excuse me. I'm gon na go see if everything's really ok with A.J. She seems nice. Oh, Marissa. Yeah, she is incredible. So you said something before about working in PR. Look, no offense, but maybe this date wasn't the best idea. My fault. No, I'm not trying to place blame 'm supposed to be here focused on you, and I just can not get my mind off of work. Are you sure that's what you can't keep your mind off of? I don't what do you mean? Look, I don't know you at all, so forgive me if this is completely off-base, but I couldn't help but get the feeling you're interested in someone else. (Jack-remembers) Erica-'s-voice I just can't marry you right now, Jack. I'm so sorry. Jack-'s-voice Erica, is it Caleb? Look, you love me. Nothing will ever convince me that you don't. Erica-'s-voice Jack, please, just let it go. Just let it go. Louise said something about a personal emergency? Yeah, I think the only emergency was she wanted to get out of here. I'm so sorry. If I would have known she would flake like that, I would never wasn't going anywhere between us. We both saw it. But how do you know that? You barely got to talk to her. I just I know. So the whole date thing was a bust. Doesn't mean we have to bag the concert. You still game? You know what, actually, I think I might just sit this one out. You sure? Yeah, I just have a lot on my plate right now, but thank you for everything. We'll talk soon. That was a bummer. Yeah. I really hoped that they would hit it off. There's got ta be someone around here to make Bianca happy. No one deserves it more. Thank you for having my back with J.R. I get it. Talking about personal stuff, it's not your thing. And for reminding me to go after what I want. I asked Erica to go . She never showed up. But you assumed she was gon na pick the Jackson guy, and she didn't. She didn't pick me either. Yeah, but just because she didn't show up at the airport doesn't mean that she didn't pick you. Well, it's over. You could find her, convince her that you're the guy for her, you know? I could help. No. (Pats-Asher's-shoulder) It's time to let it go. I just brought you these papers to sign. Thank you. Are you going somewhere? Yeah. It would help if I had a destination in mind. I'll leave you alone. No, it's ok. It's just I, uh I hate this, this place, this apartment. This whole town feels like a prison to me, because I can't walk 10 feet without running into her. Of course not the hell with it. Throws keys on table I'm not gon na let her force me out of my own home. (Slams-door) Or you either. Ok. Ok. You can do this. I know you can. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Picks door lock open with a fork Yes. Oh, please work. Oh, please work. Oh, my God. 
Hi. Ok, so if it says " unidentified source says " It means they have no idea, no verifiable knowledge. It's just rumor, gossip, scuttlebutt. Is that about Griffin? Yeah. The rumor is he's in Mexico, and the gossip is that he is being protected by a drug cartel. And the scuttlebutt? Come on, Cara, you know he's alive. They're talking about him like he's a murderer, Tad. So when this is over, we'll have them print a retraction. That's too little, too late. Then we'll throw a parade. I will rent a car with an open top and a bullhorn. We can go from street to street proclaiming his innocence. You know the sweet thing about that? No. Is that you're not joking. No. The good news is that if we don't know where Griffin is and the cops don't or the news hacks, it looking for him doesn't know either. I just want to know if he's all right. (Door-opens) Well, hey there, tough guy. Ok. Ok. Hi. Hi. Hi. I brought you something. Here you go. For you. Thank you. You're welcome. That was from Spike's Easter basket. Yeah, I wasn't looking too happy, so he wanted me to have it. I don't want you thinking I'm taking candy from my son. It's very sweet. Thank you. What else you got for me? I brought you some food and some clothes. Are those, uh No, no, no. I borrowed these from Ryan. Kendall, we're gon na get this guy. Ricky's gon na pay for what he did to you and your family. Where's Ryan's guy? He's keeping a safe distance. Ricky. Griffin, this is the only way that I'm gon na prove that he killed Zach. Now, you need to stay here so that nobody can find you. Right now everybody thinks you are a whole ocean away. Yeah, and we got to keep it that way. And I need you to help me say good-bye to my sister. I hate this. You know, this place this apartment, this whole town feels like a prison to me, because I can't walk 10 feet without running into her. Of course not. She's Erica Kane. You know what? To hell with it. I'm not gon na let her force me out of my own home or you either. Pulls away from Krystal as they're about to kiss I I'm so sorry. No, Krystal, it's all my fault. No, Jack, I I'm really sorry. Yes God No No If you're gon na hold me captive here, then you have the guts to look me in the face, look me in the eye Do you hear me? Are you listening to me? Look, there's nothing either one of us needs to apologize for. You only came over here as a friend. Really, a real friend wouldn't let you do something that you're gon na regret. Nobody did anything, Krystal. I'm not in a place to help you with Erica right now. That's obvious. Ok. But you don't have to leave. Yes, I do. Give me that. Where do you think you're going? I'm going to see Kendall. No, you're not. It's a bad idea. Did you talk to her? No. Not since we busted Griffin out of the hospital. heard nothing. Leave her 5. Don't do anything crazy, ok? The cops are watching you. And Jesse isn't very happy with us the way things are. I have to do something. You have done something. Can I remind you that getting Griffin out of there cost you your job? That seems like a pretty the guy out front? Yeah. I saw him, too. Good. Well, he was parked outside our house this morning. I know. And if it's not a cop, that means he's Immigration, ok, which makes my point stronger. There are a whole pile of people out there waiting for you to slip up. What do you want me to do? Nothing. I want you to sit still. I'm not good at that, so I'm actually gon na go talk to the guy. That'll be an interesting conversation, after which they I'm not gon na make this easy on him. I'll run this guy to Philadelphia and back. Griffin Castillo's gone underground. I got some big plans here, and I don't want him getting in my way. So when you find him, let me know. I'll make sure he stays underground way under. Cara doesn't know where I am and that I'm ok. She's gon na get herself into a ton of trouble trying to figure it out. So you got it? Yes, I do. I will tell her everything you said. I will. I hate lying to her. You're just doing it to keep her safe. There was something in that letter that almost sounded like it was your last words to her. Oh, God, I hope not. Ricky stole the last page of Zach's letter. Those were Zach's last words, so I know how precious that you said. I will do it, and I will get it right. I know you will. Thank you. Ok, I better get going, because I do not want to keep your sister waiting. Oh, are you gon na see Ricky today? There's nothing set, but he never goes too long without calling me. Ok, you don't see him alone, unprepared. Promise me. I may not be able to be there with you, but I want to make sure that you're ok. I will be ok, all right? I'm ready. I've been thinking about what to do to this bastard 24/7, trust me. Ok, promise me you'll come and see me before you see him. I'm not letting you out that door until you do. I promise. That color looks good on you. Erica-'s-voice Think. I'm reacting. I'm letting Krystal of all step ahead. I have to find an advantage. Distorted-voice What's going on here? Don't you have anything better to do? Easy, killer. I thought you were my shadow. He's still back there. He's hiding behind a ridiculously small tree too small for his waistline. How'd you catch up to me? I've been working out. Yeah, 3 miles every day most days some days. In any case, I had to catch up with you because under the circumstances, I think it's a good idea if maybe you and I act like we had our first fight. Ok. Yes. Ok, now we're gon na make up. Yeah. Who could stay mad at a face like this, right? Not me. That's my girl. Make it look real. I'm making it look real. Oh, hi. I'm sorry haven't returned my phone calls. Did you not think that I would want to know where my brother was actually took him from the hospital? Easy. We can't do this here, remember? Trees have ears and eyes and traseros? Actually, I was just looking for you. I have a message from Griff. Where is he? I'm not exactly sure. What did he tell you? He wanted me to wait a day before I delivered this to you. So I wouldn't find him, right? And so the cops wouldn't get suspicious of me trying to contact you. Don't look now, but it's a little late for that. Griffin he didn't give me details. He just said the less we know, the better. What else did he say? He went to join a bunch of doctors to aid the workers on the Afghani border. I know sanction. It sounds like Griffin. They offer medical services to the worst, most dangerous areas. Where the police can't find him. I hear you. I think he borrowed a passport. He's gon na be unreachable for the next few months. He'll be doing what he loves to do, what he was meant to do to help people. He wanted me to call you " Caracita " and to tell you that he loved you. He still does love you. And he wanted to say how sorry he was for messing things up with you and Tad, and that he got so used to being around you all over again. He wanted me to give you this. Thank you, Kendall. Of course. Cara? That just kind of sounded like good-bye for good. It's so nice to see you again. The pleasure is all mine. You're too kind. Erica we talk about? We're old friends. You can ask me anything. Let's talk about the one thing that everybody thinks of when they think of you. Let's talk about Erica Kane and marriage. Distorted-voice You think that I'm Krystal? Heh. You have no idea who I am. Of course, you're Krystal. I told you you're not very smart. Distorted-voice I am really starting to think that you don't like me. Oh, really? And where did you ever get a crazy idea like that? Distorted-voice You were going to leave without saying good-bye. That's not good manners. Neither is kidnapping. Distorted-voice You're my guest, and I've gone above and beyond to make you comfortable. You asked to eat with silver, off fine china, your wish was granted. But you ruined a perfectly good fork, and you still haven't touched your food. You sound a little down. Bad hoping I'd come back here to find you've ended your fast. I thought I knew what you wanted, what you liked. And I told you how wrong you were about all of that. But it doesn't matter, because I will not eat until you release me. Distorted-voice If you don't eat, you could die. If I die, I'm gon na die the way I live not on your terms, on my terms, and nobody else's. Ok, you told me not to bring the boys. With good reason. Ok, so what is it? It sounds like it's pretty big. And dangerous. And I don't want the kids anywhere around until this whole thing plays out. Ok, now you're starting to scare me. It's about Zach. I'm just gon na say it. He was murdered. That plane crash was ruled an accident. No, ok? How can I be? Who do you think did it? I think Ricky. Wait. Ricky Torres? Reverend Torres? I know. The whole thing sounds crazy, I know, but somehow he was working with Zach's casino partners. They didn't want him to sell, and Ricky stopped him. I can not even believe this. I know. He was taking advantage of my grief. He was trying to get close to me to cover his tracks. And I am the one who brought him to you. I'm the one who did that. No, no, no. He fooled every single one of us, but not anymore. And the sickest part of this whole thing is that somehow he is falling in love with me. Are you sure about all this? He's a minister. We don't know what he is or isn't. Ok. Did you call the police evidence yet. That's why I'm using how he feels about me to get close to him so that I can prove what he's done. Ok, no. If he's done all the things that you say he's done, then no. That's too dangerous. Binks, you can't talk me out of it. He took Zach's life. He took my husband. He took my boys' father. I am doing this. Ok, I won't stand in your way on one condition. What's that? That you let me help you nail that son of a bitch. Ok, so you're gon na get close to him, and then hoping for what? Hoping that he slips up and says something that I can use. I don't even know how you're gon na be in the same room with him. Without scratching his eyes out and choking the hell out of him. Believe be one of the hardest things I have ever done. That's why you need me in on it. No, Binks, I don't think so. No, he took Zach away from all of us. Ian and Spike that man robbed them of their father, my girls' uncle. Ok? We are in this together. All right. I think I know exactly what you can do to help. !Erica-'s-voice-You-know-me Always the bride, never the bridesmaid. I like weddings. So one could say you're the marrying kind. One could say that. But maybe you're not the " being married " kind. You know something? You just may be right about that, too. (Jack-stops-DVD) Distorted-voice I don't want you dead, Erica. You just want to keep me here, away from Jack, like some sort of exhibit. For how long? Distorted-voice You're changing the subject. What would you not eating. I'm on a hunger strike. Distorted-voice Then I'm going to have to just bring plates and plates of food until I find something you can't resist. And what's on the menu tonight at Krystal's? Cream chipped beef? Distorted-voice That can be arranged. Since we can't agree on your diet, why don't we talk about something else? I have nothing to say to you. Distorted-voice I was looking forward to today. I guess I'll have to save your present for another time. The only present I want from you is my cell phone. I know that Jack must be trying to call me, and I'm sure you're intercepting his calls Are you lying to him about me? Distorted-voice I know you haven't eaten, so you're not yourself today. Maybe this will cheer you up. What? What? What is this? Distorted-voice Since you showed no interest in your book, I thought I worked really hard on it. It's your life. Hi. Hi. You don't know what's going on in her head. When Reese and I stopped talking, it left room for all kinds of misinterpretations that contributed as much to our breakup as anything else. I would love to have a conversation with Erica. The only thing I lack is Erica. I do appreciate you fighting for us, though. I do. I don't like to see the people I love lose people they love. Thank you. You got something on your mind? You know the Kane family better than anyone. Ok, we don't always make things easy. Ha Yes. Well, I know it. But when we get knocked down or when we knock ourselves down, we always get back up. And how about the other people you keep knocking down? Are they supposed to just keep getting back up? these rings around. They're getting kind of heavy. You'll carry them around as long as you have to. " The Life of Erica Kane. " You say that like it's over. Distorted-voice There are blank pages in the back. That should give you hope. How long have you been obsessed with me like this? This was a lot of work. You didn't cobble this all together overnight. Distorted-voice It was a labor of love. It's been an amazing life, hasn't it? Yes, so far. Distorted-voice I would love to hear your take on every moment that brought you to where you are now. Where I am now is being held captive by someone with a lot of issues. Distorted-voice I don't like being insulted. I couldn't care less what you like. You are a pathetic excuse for a person, and you will never break me. I couldn't care less what you like. you will never break me. I couldn't care less what you like. Aren't you gon na open it? What is it? Bottle cap. A bottle cap? When my dad left, I used to go on the side of the road, and I would pretend like I was playing, but I was really watching and waiting for him to come back. And Griffin would be out there, too. He would be collecting bottles and cans, pretending not to be watching me. Ok. And at the end of the day when my dad didn't come back, I was disappointed, and I tried not to show it, and Griffin was right there making me feel better. We would play these games, both of us knowing exactly why we were there. But not talking about it? Right. Ok. And then I started to collect these, because I liked the colors. I liked the the side of the road. And you know what they say " One man's trash is Is a little girl's treasure. I guess. Yeah. And then Griffin he started collecting these for me, too. " No deposito, no retornable. " That's what it said on the side of the bottles. " No deposit, no return "? When my dad left, he didn't leave anything behind for us to remember him by. " No deposito, no retornable. " Griff said that was a sure sign he wasn't coming back. It sounds like tough love. Is there any other kind? You know what this means? " Deposit. " He's gon na return for it. I'm sure he will. He's a smart man. Kendall did say that he loved being around me again, right, he being with family? He na take a little walk, ok? But I'm not worried, because Griff's gon na be back. Hey. Hey. So how was Cara? Well, your sister is a lot tougher than she looks. Oh, yeah. You can say that again. And the bottle cap? She got it. You ever gon na tell me what that's about? There'll be time for that later, but first things first Ricky. Ricky. I am gon na get him, Griff. I'm gon na get justice for Zach, and I'm gon na help you clear your name. Right. So I got to make sure that you're ready. I need you to show me that you know how to defend yourself. It's one thing to be held against my will. But you know they're looking for me, and they will find me, and you will be the one about that? Are you listening to me? Are you here? Distorted-voice I'm listening. I'm always listening. And you're always watching me, too, aren't you? You've got cameras on me Distorted-voice I thought you like that. You're the center of my and everyone else's attention. Isn't that where you always want to be? My private life is private. Distorted-voice But you're so very public. You want me to take a walk with you down memory lane and chitchat about my relationships? Distorted-voice We can talk about your present ones, too. No, you have done everything you possibly can to ruin what I have with Jack. I missed our wedding. I broke his heart. This is about him, isn't it? Distorted-voice No, Erica. It's all about you. I know it's you, Krystal, and I know you've had a thing for Jack for a long just beyond human. Krystal, you have daughters, too, just like I do. Please, please, for the sake of my daughters Distorted-voice It doesn't matter who I am. The only one that matters is you. If that's true, and the only one that matters is me, then let me out of here Distorted-voice Do you have any idea how many hours I worked on that? Do you think I care? Have I hurt your feelings? I am so sorry. Distorted-voice Erica Kane, you think you know me, what I've been through? Let me tell you something. You don't know me at all. " Caracita "? Yes, hi. What does that mean? Oh, Caracita means " little one, " actually. Come sit with me. Ok. Thanks. But you're not little. No, I'm not little. You're right. It can Hey. Come sit. Come sit. And it also means that we are family. Right? So I'm Kathycita? Yes, yes, you are. And you are Jennycita. What do you think about that, hmm? Hey. What a happy coincidence. Actually, I texted your sister a while ago to meet me here. Actually, I wanted to talk to you about Kendall. You two have been spending a lot of time together. Sure. Have a seat, please. Kendall needs a friend. Is it more than that? Sorry. You don't have to answer that. No, it's ok. You should know that the other night I told Kendall I have feelings for her. Ah. You did? Yeah. Ryan seems to believe that she'll never move on from Zach, so I just want to be respectful of his memory. I don't want to see her hurt again that. " Before "? You mean Zach hurt Kendall? Almost everyone thought Kendall and Zach were perfect together, but the truth is they weren't anywhere near perfect. I can handle Ricky. Ok? I've got that syringe, remember? Yeah, and you didn't do such a good job with the orange. I think Ricky's a lot more dangerous than a harmless piece of fruit. If I have to get it done, I will get it done. Trust me, that thing is right there in my purse. What if your purse is on the other side of the room? What are you gon na tell him? " Hey, padre, you mind if I go get my purse? " I don't think that's really gon na fly, Kendall. I will make sure he doesn't put me in that position. I'm gon na show you a few moves, ok? Griffin,, ok? I hate the fact that he's gon na be alone with you with nobody else there, so show me. Show you what? Show me what you got, ok? Just something so you can disable him, so you can take off and run, all right? He's gon na do whatever he can to get you alone, and you may not be able to convince him that your feelings are real. My feelings for Ricky are very real, trust me. Oh, yeah? Then show me. Come on. This guy took away your husband. He's been manipulating you over your grief of Zach, right? And now he's pushing you around, huh? And look. He's hanging around with your two little boys, huh, and after he took away their dad. Stop it You let me go, you son of a bitch You let me go You let me go whoever you are. I have survived all that, and I've come through stronger, and I will survive you, too You're not there, are you? Erica-'s-voice Ok. I can't get myself out of here, but maybe I can bring you in. Krystal. Hi. You want some chicken parmesan? I always make too much. No. What I want is to talk about what happened earlier. There's nothing to talk about. Your look made everything clear as a mountain stream, Jack. You're misunderstanding. No, listen. I just know that it can't happen again. And the only way I can be sure of that is to just put some distance between us. What does that mean, exactly? I can't work for you, Jack. I quit. I can't let you do that. All right. Off you go with those bubble wands. Go play Whatever one you get, stay out of trouble. Sorry about that. No. What? I know you wanted to be alone. So I decided to walk back to the house, and as soon as I got through the door, they asked me where you were. And they were all over me, because they wanted to see you. They're To the other side. They're kind of hard to say no to. I know. I wonder where they get that from. I know how worried you are about Griff, how much you miss him. I understand he's family, but until we get him back, I was kind of hoping you'd be willing to share mine. Here we go. I would like that Yeah? Tadita. Tadita. Tadita, " little Tad "? It's not my place to talk about Kendall and Zach like that. Anything that . I'm sure you want what's best for your sister. We both do. You know how there are some people who are one way in public, and then who they are in private is a totally different story? Sure. Kendall and Zach they had their problems. All couples have problems. I thought they worked theirs out. They covered it really well for their marriage, but it was primarily for the boys' sake. Wow. I had no idea. So Kendall's feelings for Zach I've already said too much. I'm really protective of Kendall. I understand. Thank you for sharing this with me. I just want to help Kendall get what she wants. All right. I get your point. If he gets close to you, and you need to get away, you use the closeness. You hit him in the vulnerable spots the eyes, the nose, the spot that I want to hit him in, ok? Trust me, hurting Ricky is not gon na be a problem. With all this guy's done to you, your hate for him you can't hide it for much longer. I'm already choking in my disgust. I just got to keep it together so I can get close to him, and I can prove what I need to use against him. I know you can do this. What a surprise. I was just thinking about you. Me, too. Can I see you now? There's nothing I would like more. 
Hey. You're crying. No, I'm just packing up the crib, baby. Stop lying, Jesse Hubbard. You were crying. I can see it. I don't know when I'm gon na get out of prison, but this can't wait any longer. All I'm asking from you is to do what you do. Make a person healthy and send them home to their family. That room's taken, but I'm sure we can find an empty cell for you around here. I'm busy. Yeah, so I heard, from A.J. taking a little adventure? I think the legal term for it is " kidnapping, " but I'm sure there's somebody around here we can ask. You and Marissa and Bianca really think that you can keep me from seeing my son? We don't think, J.R. We know. Marissa is in court right now, and that ink is just about dry on the restraining for a long, long time. To good behavior, although I don't know how that man, or really any man for that matter, could behave himself for 18 months. Sorry? Oh, no, I'm sorry. Obviously, you don't know. I had an attorney friend of mine arrange a plea bargain for David Hayward. In 18 months, he'll get out if he's a really good boy, although I'm not quite sure what his incentive is. It's not like he's got somebody waiting for him on the outside. There will be soon. I'm carrying David's baby. You can see me? I can see you. I can see your handsome face. Oh, God, Jesse, I've missed you so much. We should call somebody. We should call your eye doc. We will, we will, but just let me look at you for a minute. seeing is you. This is amazing. This is amazing. Look how beautiful. Let me look at you. Let me look into those eyes of yours. There you are. Oh, you know, everything of Lucy's was so small in my mind. Now it's like it's larger than life. Maybe we should just put this away, ok? I'll finish putting it up. Jesse, I have someone that I need to see. Hayward. Please don't try to stop me. Angela, I will drive you. Thank you If I was right by letting her go, then how is me taking her back to the Hubbards wrong now? Listen, what you have is real and natural. You guys light each other up. And the connection that you have, it goes beyond anything that you say or anything that you do. I'm just scared. Before when I had to Mm-hmm. Now I'm making decisions for her, and, Colby, I don't want to make any more wrong ones. Call Angie. (Lucy-babbling) I know that the Hubbards would love to have both of you back. Champagne Maybe the groom-to-be would like to do the honors, huh? Oh, you guys. I'm sorry. Can we not do this? Oh. You on duty, Detective? No, we just wanted to kind of keep it low-key. Are we planning a wedding or a funeral here? Frankie's right. You need to loosen it up. Come on, guys. We were just talking, and we think that because Jesse and Angie have been through so much that maybe flowers and a big wedding is just too much for them right now. You're wrong. I think it's exactly what Angie and Jesse need right now. Yeah, maybe what you 's a sucker for weddings. You need to have it at her place. No, no. No way. Right now, that loft is all about who's not there. Losing Ellie and Lucy Is big. And no one's gon na forget about that. But what we're trying to say is that you guys have the opportunity to take Angie and Jesse's home from a place of loss back to a place of love again. If you're gon na make a case against allowing David access to his child, you're gon na have to wait in line. I am hardly in a position to judge anybody's parenting abilities. I'm gon na take the fifth. If he somehow finds a " Get Out of Jail Free " card or if he spends the rest of his life behind bars, I'm raising this baby on my own. Careful what you ask for. So, what's the child does something so ordinary and amazing, like writing their name for the first time, and all you want to do is turn to somebody and say, " Hey, look what they just did. " There's nobody there. Children are all about being in the moment, and it's really nice to have someone to share those moments with, even if it's someone like David Hayward. Do you think it would be a mistake to keep this child away from him? David he loves his children. And sometimes, like all of us, he doesn't always do the best job at it. Listen, I would wish you luck with David, but there's just not enough of that in this world. Cara told me she's having my baby. You have no idea how lucky you are that we're in a police station. Always the big brother, always looking out. Well, that's exactly what I'm deal, not mine. You're right. I did go above the law both man's and God's and it's about to cost me my freedom. But this person, their loved ones, shouldn't have to pay for my crimes. We can talk about this later. Is there something more important than your son? His mother. Marissa doesn't have anything to do A.J .'s real mother. David is keeping Babe alive. That isn't true. Yeah. He's already admitted to having two other people hidden. My mother saw a blonde patient. He's keeping Babe away from me. If Babe was alive There's no " if " about it. It has to be her. It has to be Babe. This isn't going to happen. Ok, you can run from this, Dr. Castillo, but I know you. You're a man of you don't act on this, this person's blood is on yours. Wait. Come on. Get off me What are you doing? David probably told his buddy Castillo where Babe is. Is there a problem? Yes, yes, there is. I have a restraining order against this man. I guess nobody would care if I leave, then. You're not going anywhere till we sort this thing out. Hey, there you are. When I'm gone Yeah? I mean really gone, I don't want anybody bringing me back. Ok, you've talked to David, and you were upset that I told him about the baby. I'm not. He gave me a name, someone from Orpheus he wants me to treat, bring home. Ok. Great. When do we start? We don't. What? I told him no. your mom already took me in with a baby. I can't be treating you like some hotel and coming and going on a whim. Yeah, those were my thoughts exactly. I just came back from the house. I thought I was gon na see you there. You had me worried sick. I'm sorry. I was just taking Lucy for a walk. I told Colby. If you're gon na be in my house, you're gon na have to follow my rules. That means you tell me where you're going, who you're with, and when you're coming back. Ok. I'm sorry. I'm sure that the Hubbards have made it all easy and perfect for you, but what you and this baby need is a little bit of discipline, so you're going to have to have a curfew. A curfew? Yes. 8:00. 8:00. I'm taking classes that go later have to get earlier classes, because you go to sleep when Lucy goes to sleep. I don't think that's necessary. Well, you don't have to stay. Nobody's forcing you. Ok, you're right. Um I'm sorry, Colby. Maya Let her go. Ok, what is wrong with you? Honey, nothing, for a change. This is actually your mother doing the right thing. I can't do that to Angie. We can not just take the chance of putting a burden on her. My mom would not see it like that. You don't even We don't know if she'll see at all. What if the surgery didn't work? I pray that it does, but what if it didn't? I can't ask Angie, who's been like a mother to me, to just host this whole huge event and just . Come on, guys. We've made our decision. Hey, guys. Talking about the wedding? Yeah. Well, there's only one place to have it. And we won't take no for an answer. See? Dad I heard what you were saying, and you're right. Your mother would never admit this out loud, but she would hate to have to sit there and not be able to see you in your beautiful wedding dress about to get all married up to this one. Well, I want that, too, more than anything. Well, then, I guess I'm here with an early wedding present, because your mother has got her sight back. What? Are you serious? Are you serious? She can see again. What? Ha ha ha Yes Angie. You look surprised to see me. No, I returning with a change of heart. Wait a minute. How did you know how I look? Was it something in my voice? No. Your face. I'm not blind anymore. Dr. Hayward, you made me see again. Consider yourself served. Keep your distance. I hope you're happy. You may have cost me my only chance of finding Babe. What? J.R. thinks David kept Babe alive. He was getting ready to follow Griffin Castillo to some hideaway, but I got in his way. That's the difference between you and me, Krystal. I don't give up on my kids. I do whatever it takes. Listen, J.R ., read the restraining order. I don't want to use it, but if you come anywhere near A.J ., I will do whatever it takes to protect my son. What's that? That sounds an awful lot like a threat. If it more than just a piece of paper to back it up. This is extraordinary. Wait a minute, now. Don't tell me that the great David Hayward had any doubts about his ability to deliver another medical miracle. We did it, Angie. I'm very happy for you. I truly am. Thank you. You're thanking me? Yes, I am. For coming here and sharing this moment with me. Something happened. When Griff was here? Yes, I I gave him the name of someone I have, a patient I asked him to bring back. David, you did the right thing, and Dr. Castillo will do the same thing. Life is a gift that we're given, and most of us don't get a second chance. First person I saw was my Jesse. So, you forgave him? What good are your eyes if you can't see what's was alone in the dark, and now I know that Jesse was with me the whole time. I am not afraid of you, J.R. You should be. We will take you down if we have to. You're just a drunk and a bully. And bullies are cowards. We'll see who's running scared soon as I get Babe back. And she and I will get A.J ., and we'll be a family again. You go ahead. You try to find the judge that will keep a boy away from his biological parents. Hey. Hey. How you doing? Good. Just resting my eyes. Yeah. Good, good. So, how are things at Liza's? Great. Good. Mind if I give her a little Of course. Such a good little baby. Unbelievable. She is. She gets that from somewhere, you so rough on you when I first found out the truth. You did it to protect Angie. Yeah, well. Doing something wrong to make it right is still wrong. How's she doing? Is she ok? Can't lie to you. She misses you and the baby. I miss her, too. You got ta get by as soon as you can, because we got some news. Can Angela see again? It looks like it. Oh I'm so happy for you and for her. Oh, man, yeah. We'll definitely come by. Don't make yourself a stranger, ok? Angela's definitely wanting she's gon na wan na see the smile on this beautiful little baby's face. Cara, I didn't ask for any of this. I understand, but sometimes we don't get what we want in life. But this isn't a patient. Ok, now you sound like David, and I don't want either of us to have anything to do with the man. It's a little late for that, Griff, don't you think? No. I don't. I think you and I could grab a flight. We could throw a couple things in a bag and leave Pine Valley behind. You know what, this place has taken us in. It's our home now. These people are a part of our lives. I don't know who David is holding, but whoever that person is is someone's husband or sister or child. And I get it. You didn't ask for this, but you have the chance to bring that person home to people who love them. Or you can get on that flight. Babe? I'm ok. Why are you sitting here in the dark? I just don't want to forget you mean. I know I should never have Shh. Listen. All this time, I've been trying to figure out how to forgive you, but now I see what I really need is for you to forgive me. You have nothing to be sorry for. Angela, I lied to you. I took away the chance for you to grieve for our little girl. No. That's what I did. I wouldn't let you hold me any of those times I cried, but you never, ever left my side, not until long after my tears were gone. For the first time today, I saw you cry, and it made me see how selfish I've been. You sel no, Babe. Jesse, seeing the pain in your face, it hit me. All I've been thinking about are the babies that I lost, not the husband who took on my grief and his because he loved me that much for you. And I want you to know that I see that now. I want you to know that I see that it was your love that made all the decisions that you made, and I thank you for that. I'm so sorry that we lost her. Me too. And I'm even more sorry that I lost us and who we are and how we love. We found it. And I'm never taking my eyes off of it again. A toast to my mom, to her determination and guts, also to the look in her eyes when she sees how happy she's made us all. Well put. To Angie. Here's to them. Drink to that. Mm-hmm. Mmm. It's strong. Tasty. Now let's plan a wedding. Yes, ma'am. You know what, with all my contacts from Fusion, we are gon na get you besides that, I think we should write our own vows. Oh Let's take this party over to Angie's. Frankie? I think my mom and dad could use a little more one-on-one time. Just Baby. Hey, if I went blind and then I opened my eyes, and I saw you there, I wouldn't want a whole bunch of people knocking on my door until I saw all of you. My dirty husband. Oh That's your brother. Hi. Hi. Long time no see. Yeah. I thought we said all there was to say. Yeah, me too. But you said something to my brother, gave him the name of a patient that you wanted him to bring back. Yes, I did, and he turned me down. Your brother wants nothing to do with me or my work. Well, he was wrong. I was wrong Even though he's a man like me? Especially because he's a man like you. We owe David big-time. You hate that, don't you? I will live with it. You blushing? You're kind of making me feel like a teenager. Ha ha Yeah, kind of takes you back, huh? This couch is really comfortable, you know. Yeah, it is. Ooh. Come here. I don't believe this. No. Go away. I'm locked up. Ha ha I'll be right back. Maya And Lucy Hi, Angie Oh, my God. Get over here. Let me look at the two of you Ahh Hi Hi, Moo Moo. Say hi. Maya, you are so beautiful. (Lucy-babbling) And Miss Lucy is just the way I pictured her. her? Yeah. She wants you to. Come here, Moo Moo. Oh, my goodness. You've gotten so big and heavy. You're gon na be walking and talking before we know it, won't you? Won't you, big girl? Jesse told me the news. I really hope that it's ok that we came by. You know our door is always open to you and this precious angel. The two of you can visit whenever you like. Want to go back to Mommy? Maya said that things are going really great with Colby and Liza. Yeah. They're good. It's not home. I know that I shouldn't ask this, but Maya? It's like I said, that door is always open to the two of you. And if you and Lucy want to walk back through it and live here again nothing would make Jesse and I happier. Jesse. record as a parent. I have. People change, David. You're just gon na have to step it up a bit. And here I thought the world was lacking optimists. Actually, it's not about me being optimistic. The truth is, all of my life I've made decisions based on the fact that my father wasn't around. I don't want this baby spending their entire life staring at doors just wondering if Daddy's gon na come home. Don't think I'm not gon na hold you to a high standard. After all these years, it's something I might welcome. Ok. Ok. Maybe I'll come visit you from time to time. Someone's got ta keep an eye on you. I hope to see you soon. Bye. Bye. I have never seen J.R. like that. He was so angry. It's like he was's a chance that Babe could be alive? I wish I could believe she could come back, but it just hurt so much to lose her that I just I can't chance praying for a miracle that isn't gon na happen. And the way J.R. is right now, I don't think even Babe could say that. I keep holding on to you just can't bring myself to the truth that you were gone long before you left me I couldn't find you in a lasting rain I keep looking (Cocks-gun) For you Mom, guess what. Maya, she's back at the Hubbards. Oh, see? That's great news. Yeah. And it gets even better. Angie got her sight back. It's amazing. Mom, are you crying? Yeah. Oh, ok. I don't know. It's like Angie and Jesse finally get what they deserve, you know. Mm-hmm. And Maya and Lucy, too. There's still a chance for us, too, you know. You think? I know. I have to admit, it was so hard doing it alone. But you're not alone, as long as you have family. And that's what we are to you, whether you like it or not. And we will do whatever we can to help you stay independent. Won't we, Jesse? Absolutely. So, I want you and Lucy to consider this your home. I honestly don't even know what to say. I can't wait. I can't wait. Hey Do I look as good as you remember? Ohh Well, almost. Randi. My God, this is amazing. Oh, Natalia. It's so wonderful to see you again. I missed you. You're beautiful. Hi. I have something for you to see. Ok. Wedding invitations. When you get a chance, could you help me pick one out? You mean us? I mean us pick one out? I got you. We've already started the celebration, but we saved you another bottle of the good stuff. Yes Ah I was wondering when you were gon na bring that up. All right, here we go. Listen, make sure you get some juice I'm on it. Ok. Great. For Maya, so that she can toast her and Lucy being back home. You're staying? Yes. It's amazing. All right, hold on. All right, who's this? Thank you. All right, everybody got? Oh, got ta Everybody got? Catch my bearings here. Got it. A toast. how much I'm looking forward to seeing you cut them eyes at me again. All right, if you're going to joke, I'm going to drink. All right, all right. I'll get it right. I'll get it right. Ok? Here's to my beautiful wife, who has surrounded me with an incredible family and filled an incredible home with so much love, not only today, yesterday. Always. Cheers. Hear hear Hear hear. (Glasses-clink) Cheers. I love you, guys. Frankie, let me get it. I want to get all of your beautiful faces. All right. All right, Brot. Back. Fix your hair, Babe. Hurry up, hurry up, come on. My hair? I need (Object-drops-to-floor) All right, don't tear up the house now. I need the two of you closer together. Come on. All right, come on . Turn around I'm still the one that is holding your hand Angie-'s-voice Jesse, you're too much. Jesse-'s-voice You ain't gon na make this too easy for me, right? Will you marry me, Angie? That you count on, count on me for everything. You and I never know how to surrender I know we did it all to Doctor-'s-voice 3, 2, 1 This is just the beginning it only gets better I just want to stay Angie-'s-voice Jesse Long as the world is spinning around, around, I promise that I won't let you down, down. No, we'll never hit the ground. Our love will last forever. Turn around, I'm still standing by your side, and I'll be there for a lifetime. There's no way I could ever change. I just want to stay here forever as long as the world is spinning around, around Tad-'s-voice We have our winners down. No, we'll never hit the ground. Our love will last forever. Everyone who said we'd be over, we've turned them into believers I do, Randi. I just want to stay here forever, long as the world is spinning around, around. I promise that I won't let you down, down. Mo, we'll never hit the ground The queen has arrived. Cheese 
Hey, what are you doing here? How'd you find this place? I had a P.I. follow you. All right. Listen. You can't be here. Hey, you need to leave. You have no idea what you're risking. Babe? It's not Babe, J.R. Don't. Don't do this, man. Hey, let go of me. Don't do this. Hey ( Griffin-and-J.R. -fight ) I said, let go of me Uh Ugh Uh Huh Ohh No. No, J.R. Don't do that. No. Aah Uh Babe uh Everybody out. Let's go. Aagh Go on, guys. Mess up everything. (Children-shouting) Ha ha ha Wow Oh, my God, I guess the kids are all right, huh? It's been so long since I've been to a family barbeque. I promise. Ok. Hey, what's with the boys club? I don't know. I think they're talking about Cambias. God, after everything they've been through, they're going into business together? Can you believe it? Weirdly, yeah. I can. So that's it. You're free of Cambias. How's it feel? Feels pretty damn good. I got to tell you, I think this charity foundation is one hell of a good idea. Great. You ready to get started on the legal? Just waiting for one of you two to give me the green light. Let's do it. How is it we have not talked about this yet? Talked about what? Apparently, you haven't read this. Oh, yeah. Mom went all out, no holds barred. Uh, ok. Well, it's a memoir. I, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's why Mom bares her whole soul and drags ours along for the ride. Give me that. Here. Read. The woman has no boundaries. Every single thing that her and I have ever gone through together all documented. Now come on. I'm sure that she kept some things private, like the important things. Are you kidding me? No. No. That's what sells angst and drama. Sells books and movies. Erica Kane the legend, the star, the woman. Once this promo goes viral, the whole world will be waiting with baited breath for " Erica Kane Uncensored. " Well, what's our next step? We look for a screenwriter. I've already made some calls for some of Hollywood's finest, but before we do, I want to go in, and I want to make sure that we're loaded. I want more, more of you, more of your history, not the stuff that we see on the entertainment show. I mean the real you, the nitty gritty. I know it's all in your book, but I want to hear it straight from you. You mean the most crucial, the most life-changing moments. Bingo. You game? I just hope you have time to spare. I've had quite the life so far. You do the talking. I'll do the scribbling. Let's start with your daughter Kendall. You two certainly had a dynamic relationship. We still do. Anything that stands out 5 minutes, 5 days? It really doesn't matter. When was the point that you crossed that line, that line that you can never uncross? Well, Kendall and I cross lines on a daily basis. To pick one would be just about impossible. So I'm lying. Well, he deserved big confrontation it's what everyone wants to know more about. How did that feel when Kendall told me she was my daughter? It was excruciating. She was so hurt and so angry and so determined to understand how I could have ever possibly given her up, and to do that, I had to break her heart. I had to tell this beautiful young woman that she was born out of something so vicious and so ugly. The thought of looking at her, telling her the truth, it was the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but it was also the best. Now? Now Kendall is the most incredible, most beautiful gift I ever could've been given. I honestly don't know what I would do without her. So she went into detail about the day you first told her who you really were? Let's just put it this way. The world will not only know the content of our discussion and how I was, too. I mean, they'll know everything. Ok. Ok, but let's just remember this is just a prerelease, ok? So you just tell Mom how uncomfortable you are, and she'll just go back and edit it. Problem solved. Yeah, right. Mom put that in her book because it's interesting. Drama is always interesting. But it was also very personal and emotional, a day that I'm glad I had but I don't want to relive. Do you think she even thought about that for a second? Why don't you get back to me after you read chapters 12 and 13? Hey, everything ok? I'll let you know in a minute. Well, either your mother is off the grid or she just doesn't want to be bothered. Everything is going straight to voice mail. Or she's selling all of our family secrets to the media. Or that. Listen I file this for the Cambias Foundation. Oh, yeah. About that We're gon na go with a different name. You are? Yeah. Cambias is gon na stay in the past for good. So what are you planning to call it? The Myrtle Fargate Foundation, if that's ok with red. I think it's perfect. Ditto. Absolutely. I'll tell you one thing. Myrtle always had an open heart and an open door for anybody in Pine Valley who needed a friend. Sounds like we got a winner. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm gon na get out of here. You need me to pick up anything? You ok for wienies? I'm good. No. No. Just go get Mom. Go. Go, go. All right. I will. Ok, actually, you two over here. Groceries? Me? Ok. You're driving. I've been drinking. Ok. You guys, ladies, chili from Krystal's, please. Yes. Chili. Yes. Go, go, go. I want to get this party started. All right. It doesn't seem like you're in the mood for a party. It's just Mom's book, soon-to-be movie, whatever. It's getting completely out of hand. It's crazy. Hey, it's your mother. What do you expect? Let it go for today. Have I told you how happy I am that you're back? Could always tell me again. I could. Why don't you whisper it to me? Ooh, all righty. It goes like this. I'm so happy he's back. Tell Mom to put that in her movie. Let's move on to your other daughter. Tell me about her. some of my best qualities strength, confidence, perseverance. Bianca has actually opened my eyes on more than one occasion. Any one moment come to mind? What kind of a question is that? He read the book. No one has ever challenged me mind and soul the way Bianca has when she forced me to look at her, really look at her. She took off her jewelry, her clothes, and then she just stood there. Can you imagine how vulnerable? But you'd never know it. Bianca's way of coming out to me " Can you really see who I am? " And finally, the answer was yes. I saw her for the breathtaking, beautiful, confident, young, gay woman she was. No, not at the moment, I didn't I seem to do everything on my own schedule but I saw her, really saw her. And although I'm sure I was too stunned at the moment to was so proud. Kendall wasn't joking. She talks about everything. See for yourself. No offense to your mom or anything, but I prefer to get my information about you from you, no one else. Besides, there's nothing in that book that could change the way I feel about you. And how is that again? Sort of like this. Like that. Right. That's good. No. All this is just ancient history. The only think I care about right now is our future. And this book. It bothers me, ok? There. I said it. As if things weren't crazy enough already. I mean good crazy, but Marissa and I are just starting out, and we're trying to ease our kids into a whole new life. It's complicated, and then my mom throws this into the mix. I've been dealing with paparazzi since I can remember. Nothing is totally theater across America? Really, Mom? Grill is clean. All right. You know, I'm so happy for you and Ryan, that you're actually working together. It's like a clean slate. Clean Slater. See what I did? I took what you said, huh? You're very clever. I'm very proud of you. Yep. But really, we are going to find a balance with work and family and friends and us. We'll make time for everything, especially us. Clean Slater. See what I did? I see what you did. Yes. You're very clever. Yes. Do you want to I don't know. You want to take a shower or something? What? I feel dirty. I'll take a shower. Actually, no. We can't. No. There's too many kids up there. We can't do that now. Sorry. The whole ultimatum with Pine Valley or bust. That was wrong. I'm sorry. Well, I didn't exactly give you much of a choice. But I learned something. Yeah? Don't get between a Kane woman and what she wants. Not gon na end well. Well, what if two Kane women want different things? Duck. (Door-slams-shut) Found your little lab. Your boy Griffin Castillo had a patient there. You've been in a fight, Junior. Nice bluff. You have nothing. Tell me where Babe is. Come on. Do you really want your grandson growing up with two vindictive lesbians? One of those vindictive lesbians happens to be my daughter. This conversation is over. Guard You're gon na be in hell a lot sooner than you think. I will bury you. I'll bury you Right. Sure you will, Junior. Go ahead. You'll That'll make two of us, then. Marissa was right to keep you away. She and Bianca are ten times the parent you will ever be. You stop Let me tell you something, Junior. I may be behind bars right now, but you're the real loser in all this. You know that? And I'm gon na tell you something else, too. You're gon na hear this from me right here and now. You will never, ever, ever see Babe again, all right? Take that to your grave, you worthless scum (Gate-slams-shut) Are we still doing that? I would much rather focus on something else. Like what? I don't know. Like this? Oh. Oh, oh. And like that. Really? Mm-hmm. You know what else? This. I almost died. Is that in the book? Probably not. You know what happens when you almost coming down to greet you, nothing, just a mouthful of ocean and then darkness until I saw Kendall's face. She's my angel, my saving grace, her and my boys. We're doing good right now. Erica better not screw that up. We are so lucky that our kids are so close. Yeah, it makes this transition a whole lot easier. Mm-hmm. Miranda and Gaby love A.J. It's like a never-ending play-date with them. I know. A.J. feels the same way. All that's missing for him is J.R. Be right back. Ladies room. Whew Sorry it took so long. Oh, that's ok. May I help you? No. But she can. Where are they? Where's Marissa and my son? All right, time to shift gears. To? Men. Ah Well, I hope you brought another notepad. yes, but only one who lasted. Jackson. Yes. What I read, though, it was never smooth sailing between you two, not always. Remember the first time your relationship was tested? I'm gon na guess that it's meant to be a joke. Yes, he betrayed me, in public no less. Of course, I remember it very well. Never have I seen such a look of astonishment as when I told the truth on that witness stand. You know, to this day, Erica blames me for her losing custody of Bianca. But of course, she does, because in case you haven't heard yet, Erica Kane is always right. Get out of here, J.R. I just want to talk to Marissa. I mean, this whole thing with A.J. is just it's gotten out of hand. Because of your actions. He needs his father. A.J. staying away from you. Who the hell do you think you are? Someone who loves Marissa and A.J. You are not gon na get another chance to take A.J. away. Where is my son? He's safe. And where he belongs. You sure that he's safe? Let me ask you. Who's keeping you safe? My restraining order, for starters. Now leave, or I will have to call the police. Ohh I am sorry you had to deal with that. He's getting pretty damn scary. Yeah. But I'm not gon na let him ruin our day. Right. Ok? Good. This is for you. Ok. Let's go. Come on. It's just your world leaving you hanging it's just your perfect world keeps changing Oh Whoa Ever hear of getting a room? We got about it. Thank you for shopping. I'll pay for all of it. Good' cause you can afford it. Expensive. Why don't you go and look at the grill? Can you do that? Stop eating all the food. Uh, no, no. That's ok. You keep yours. I have my copy. Well, I don't think I want a copy, not this version, anyway. She can't just do that, hang our lives out there for all the world to see. Watch her. I think I want Natalie Portman to play me. Who do you want? I don't know. How about Sarah Jessica Parker? Or Rosie O'Donnell. I don't know. Ha ha ha Barbra Streisand. Sarah Michelle Gellar. Who knows? Sarah Michelle would be good. Story sells, Erica. You got one hell of a story. . Looking all over for you. Jackson, meet Kit Sterling. We've just been going over plans for my book. Soon to be a motion picture. And now, it all falls into place. My pleasure. Pleasure's mine. Heard a lot about you. Well, all good, I hope. Most of it. Did you forget about our little barbecue thing? No. I've got plenty of time. I oh, my goodness. I didn't realize that we had been here this long, Kit. It's easy to get caught up in memories, isn't it? Yes. And I do have a family obligation I need to get to. I certainly understand. Pleasure to meet you. And you. Get used to living with a movie star. A.J ., slow down. Not so fast, huh? You guys will be safe from the bugs our house to be, busy with family and kids just alive. All that's missing is Mom. Well, you know she likes to make an entrance. Yeah. Hi, everyone Hi I didn't plan that. Good to see you over here. Yeah. You ready? Right now? Yes, right now. Printing press could be rolling as we speak. Come on. Mom, we need to talk. Ok. Excuse me. Well, this sounds serious. It is. It is? I'm gon na go check the condiments. Mom, it's not that serious. We have a couple of concerns, that's all. That's not all. We're pissed. You splashed our private lives all over your book. Did it occur to you that that might bother us? Mom, the things that you wrote are extremely personal. And extremely to stay between our family, not be entertainment while people munch on popcorn. You think I've gone too far? Yes. And we're asking you no, we are telling you to pull back. You ever hit a patch of ice while you're driving? One second, you're in complete control, next you're heading somewhere you don't want to go. Just bracing for impact. And that happens a lot with Kendall and Erica not the ice part. That's a metaphor. The impact part. Very real. Wait. If you'd just talked to us about it first, maybe we would feel differently. I didn't realize that I needed your permission. This is my story about my life, so I decide what stays and what goes. And as for the movie, I don't intend to change a thing. Food's ready. Get it while it's hot. This conversation is grown-ups follow me. Fine. I'll get the chili. I'll be back in a minute. (Kids-giggling) A.J. Hey. You're not supposed to be here. Hey, buddy. I'm supposed to tell Mommy. No. Look, I just wanted to tell you how much I love you and how much that I wish you were with me. Get away from him, J.R. You stay out of this. It's none of your business, Erica. You're scaring him, J.R. I just want to see my son. A.J ., why don't you and the kids come on, kids go to the kitchen, ok? Chili's in the kitchen. Go ahead. Come on. Come on, Ian. Your mommy's in the kitchen. She's got chili. Go ahead. Go with the other kids. Go ahead. Go on, A.J. You It's ok, A.J. You can go. Go on with the rest of the kids. Go ahead. A.J ., wait. Get out of this house, J.R. I said get out of this house now, and I meant it. Oh, don't even think about it, J.R. Don't take me on and my family. Your father always regretted it when he did, and you will regret it, too. What do I got to lose? Not much, that's true. Not much left. But trust me, I will go to every media outlet, and I will make sure they destroy every shred of hope you have of saving any of the life you have left. And the judge will not let you near A.J. You know, you don't want to know what happens to people who keep me from my son. Hey, time for you to go. Now (Door-slams) Aah that in your movie, too? Well, I just might. I think I handled him very well. News flash, Mother. This is not just your life we're talking about here. Kendall, nobody understands that better than I do. Did she really just say that? Did you really, honestly just say that? Yeah, I really just said that. Are they mad? Uh, they're not mad. They're just They're just having a difference of opinion. They're mad. Like furious, watching-them-spit-fire mad. They'll get over it. They always do. You're enjoying this, aren't you? Is that wrong? Little bit. Look, why don't we all just try to calm down? I am not trying to humiliate you. I'm just trying to be honest. You can still be honest without baring all. Look, tell the story with all the respect it deserves, but I am not going to water it down. So you just have to trust me. Trust you? Mom, are you kidding me? May I have your attention, please? Seemed as good a time as any to interrupt. Actually, we're kind of in the middle of something. But Ryan wants to make a toast. Oh, yeah Yes. Good luck, Dad. Yes, thank you for that. I would like to propose a toast to, um to Kendall and Zach and the sense of family that I believe we all feel in this house. To family. Cheers. To family. Cheers, cheers, cheers. How about me? But that's not all. There's something else I want to tell you, that Zach also wants to propose a toast. Yes, he does. Go ahead. and I got a second chance at something, and I intend to use every moment of that, whether it's breakfast in the morning or bathtime at night or all those tense, awkward moments in between, like if somebody's yelling in my house. I'm only kidding. That's what keeps this family going. I don't have a master plan. I don't pretend to have one, but I do know this. It's been a hell of a ride, and it's far from over. So, here's to the Slaters and the Laverys and the Montgomerys There you go. And the force of nature that is the Kane women. May we grow stronger and stronger. To a big happy family. Cheers. Cheers Cheers Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. You're a lucky woman. I am, for a lot of reasons. One of them being that you are my mother Does this mean you'll give me the benefit of the doubt? Yes. Yes, but the minute we feel uncomfortable, I'm coming straight to you. And I won't disappoint you. We'll hold you to that. Hey, nice speech. You, too. I'm looking forward to working with you, man. Who'd have thought, huh? Cheers. Cheers. So, I hope I didn't drag you away from anything too important. What could possibly be more important than this? I don't know. That producer and you seemed pretty intense. What were you so wrapped up about? Just our entire lives. Man-'s-voice Erica and Jackson, you are now husband and wife. The Kane family and the Montgomery family are now one. When it's getting late, and I'm feeling all alone oh, oh you think no one's listening need someone to call a friendly face someone who can lift you up and who will say it's gon na be it's gon na be ok Kendall-'s-voice Hey, Spikey, you having fun over there? If you ever need someone to make you smile I'll hold your hand and get you through the hardest times I would run or fly I'll travel all night do anything just to be by your side and tell you, well everything's all right oh, oh, it's gon na be it's gon na be all right as long as we're together I know we can do anything as long as we're together we can make it through anything no matter, once you got me I'm never gon na let you fall da da da da da da da da la la la la da da da da, da da as long as we're together I know we can do anything da da da da da as long as we're together we can make it through anything da da this? Whoo whoo whoo whoo Whoo whoo whoo 
Molly? Hi. I'm really sorry, Lily. Is Abigail here? No, I don't think so. I haven't seen her. Where's Holden? He's at the stables. What's come on in. What's what's wrong? What's wrong? I've been everywhere. I've been all over town. She's not anywhere. I can't find her. Is everything okay? No. Yeah. I don't know. We had another fight, a really bad fight, and she ran out of the apartment. Oh? Oh. But she's a good driver, Abigail don't worry about it. It's not that. I'm not worried about that. Well, then what is it? I don't want to think it, let alone say it. Well, obviously you're thinking it, or else you wouldn't be here. So what is it? I'm . Thanks for the vote of confidence, Molly. Where have you been? Toiling away for you. Where else? Details, James. I want details. Hold that thought. You are about to have a visitor. Who? This I why I need to know what's happening. Just not now, Barbara. Not now. What have you unleashed, James? You never give up, do you, Barbara? Rose D'Angelo. What a pleasure. Oh, save it I know what you're up to. I'm glad one of us does. You're messing with me and Paul. And this time, you're gon na pay. Hal? Anybody home? Lieutenant Munson, per your request, a squad car has been dispatched to 724 Pinewood Lane 72 724 Pinewood, that's Tom's. Oh, Daniel No (Door-slams) It . You know, you need to stop doing that, Tom. He's her son, too. Oh, and that gives her the right To drop a glove? Because that's all we've got at this point. Oh, come on, Hal. Emily's a loose cannon. The fact that she's allowed to be in charge of a child, any child you and I both know that kids need structure, and Emily can hardly take care of herself. And your opinion of Emily somehow proves she tried to kidnap Daniel? Goes to motive. Tom pointed out her irresponsible parenting she knew she was going to court and the next thing we know there's a ladder leaning up outside our house? Speculation, Margo. Pure speculation, which is inadmissible in court, right, Tom? What are you, a lawyer? I'm a cop. Then why don't you act like one are excuses that sound like they're coming from her lover I'm sorry, Rose, but I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Vincent Patrick O'Malley. Ring any bells? Should it? Oh, yeah. It should, since you got him sending me letters and flowers, and taken up at the Lakeview stealing my underwear. It should ring some bells. Mr. O'Malley, is it? Is he from Atlantic City, by chance? I don't know how you found him. I don't know how much you paid him. I don't know if he even knows what's going on ,' cause he's so stupid, but it's got to stop now. Rose, if you're having difficulties with someone named O'Malley, don't you think you should handle it yourself? You're not exactly a shy girl. See, I can't find him. Didn't you just, I said he's registered at the Lakeview. Oh, well, I'm sure the staff could leave a message for him. But, see, he won't pick it up because he's not there. He's a ghost, Barbara. Yeah, see, he doesn't exist. At least, not here in Oakdale. But you you found him somehow and made Paul think that I'm involved with him again. I still don't understand. Neither did I, because it doesn't sound like Vince at all. Messages weird messages, and mysterious calls, and flowers this guy couldn't even fill out his unemployment papers. Not his M.O. at all, uh-uh. And you're blaming me? See, you're smart, Barbara. You know your son. You know he gets a little jealous, he's a little insecure. You dig up an old boyfriend of mine, make it look like we . You make it look like I was lying about it. But you made a mistake, a big mistake, Barbara. That voice on the answering machine? I know voices it wasn't Vince's. So I got you, Barbara. I got you good ,' cause you are the only one who will benefit from me and Paul breaking up. So, it had to be you. Rose, I'm not going to pretend that I'm happy about your relationship with my son, but I promise you, I had nothing to do with this Mr. O'Malley. Don't waste my time, all right? Listen, we had a deal I don't tell anybody that you were blackmailing me, and you stayed out of my relationship with Paul. Let me tell you something, lady. You're getting an early Christmas present, because your stocking is gon na be empty and I'm getting Paul. And your relationship with him is over. wait You have to believe me. I had nothing to do with this. Why? Why should I believe you? Because I know who did this. Abigail, honey, I'm really glad you're here. Abigail was down at the stables, tending to her new horse, when I got there. Unfortunately, I'm not gon na be able to help her out much, until my knee gets any better. Her new horse? Honey, I didn't realize you took Holden up on his offer. Well, I didn't realize I had to clear it with you. You don't. It's just Why is it a problem? It's not a problem. I just last I heard, you considered it to be a bribe. Why is it when anyone does anything nice for me, you can't stand it? You know what? I think that we can find you know how frustrating it is to have an ex-con undermining you at every turn, Holden? Still Molly, it's not working. I know. You're right. I'm sorry. Abigail, you know how I feel about Nick. The whole world knows how you feel about Nick. Okay, we got a problem. But we're gon na work it out. Abigail, your mother's attitude toward this guy comes from some bad experiences that she had with him. Look, yeah, " a, " she's playing games serious games with the truth, and " b, " he's changed. Do you see, Holden? I don't think that she would lie. Which leaves us with the possibility that he's changed, and maybe he has. But don't you think that you owe it to yourself to get a little more information about this guy? Especially if you're gon na make this guy stay, too. Great. That's a great idea. Maybe Holden will come up with a solution. Oh, that's nice, Tom. That's really nice. Broadcast it in front of Adam. Oh, trust me, Adam already knows. In fact, the whole town knows Knows that you've got a problem with Emily? Knows that this whole crusade started when she moved in with me? Knows that you're so determined to punish her, you'd take her son away? I don't care if she goes to the moon with Johnny Depp, as long as she doesn't have my son with her. Guys Can we just stick to the facts, here? Now, Emily lost Daniel at Al's. Oh, for the love of God Which is why Tom stepped in. Now, the next thing we know, she shows up here with a ladder. That has not been established a ladder? No, sir. Adam? No, but But what? She seemed upset. Did she say why? Yeah, she said she wanted to see Daniel. And, did you find that unusual, Adam? That a mother might be upset because she was separated from her son at the holidays? Oh, Hal Margo, we have a problem here. Somebody tried to kidnap Daniel tonight, and we're not gon na find out why if we assume we already know the answer. What happened next, Adam? Well, I told her he was asleep. And then she said that she wasn't gon na wake him, or anything, she just wanted to go hang out with him, give him a good-night kiss. Adam, I thought you understood Yeah, and I also explained to her that I did not think that this was a good idea at all, especially, she you know what? Right now, all I care about is Daniel. I'm not And she shouldn't have put you in this position. Don't you lay this off on Emily, Tom You created this situation All right, all right Adam, what happened next? I let her upstairs. Billy ; well, I kind of leaned on Adam to let her do it. I felt bad. Oh, sure, she knows how to play the sympathy card. But what she was really doing was scoping out the house to figure out where to put the ladder Of course, she really needs to " scope out " this house, Tom. Like she doesn't know the room you keep Daniel in? Okay. How long was she upstairs? Five, ten minutes? Ten minutes. Ten. Ten minutes. Did you hear anything? Anything at all? A window opening called fresh air, Tom. Something in short supply in this house. Oh, please Did you guys hear anything unusual? Did did you hear anything over the baby monitor? What? She told us to turn off the monitor. Oh. Of course she did. Maybe she wanted a little privacy with her son, Tom. You don't have to defend me, Hal. I can do that myself. At the station. I want her taken down for questioning. I had a visitor a few days ago. Lucinda Walsh. She had heard that James was back in town and she was furious with me for not pressing charges. Why didn't you? Because I wanted him gone But Lucinda took it personally. She felt that I had put her at risk, and you at risk she was worried about you because of your involvement with Paul. And she felt that the only reason that James But why? Why use me then? What I don't understand. Why try to break us up? Why not go after B.R.O.? Or or Paul? But she is going after Paul. Don't you see? She knows his history. She knows that he has a tendency to become involved with women who have let him down, which is why fidelity is so important to him. Lucinda thought if she could get him to think that you had betrayed him, that he would leave you and Oakdale. Lucinda was there when the flowers came, and she did make sure that Paul saw them. Ah-hah No. Not " ah-hah, " no. Because no, she would never do that that's not her. That's Lucinda is a straight-shooter. If she doesn't like something, you know it. But what if she's being thwarted? She'd already gone to you, to no avail. She came, in desperation, she came up with this scheme? What? No, it's too nasty. No. No, she'd go behind my back, talk to you, talk to Paul, she's done that. But stealing underwear not her style. Besides, I have too much at stake. I love my son, and though you may not be my choice for him, I would never jeopardize my relationship with my son just to keep you apart. You would sacrifice me in a second, I know you would. That wasn't the plan, Barbara. But if you stand in my way yeah. I'd never risk that. If it wasn't you, and it wasn't Lucinda, who was it? Let's think. You've just told me that your friend, Mr. O'Malley, was having some difficult times. You said something about the unemployment office. Isn't it possible he heard about your cushy life if he could just get Paul out of the way? Mmm. Maybe. Rose, I just want to assure you I had nothing to do with this. Right. All I know is you don't want to lose your son. But neither do I. Good luck Some of this you know already. I waitressed when Nick tended bar. He admitted at least that much, right? And? I need you to understand this. Abigail, I was broken inside. Giving you up you just never recover from that, okay? And at that time in my life, I didn't know what was wrong with me. So, I was just wandering around, looking for something, anything, to stop the pain. And I found Nick. Or he found me, I don't know. He was really good at picking up on pain. And we worked together every night. And I thought he was just talked to me. We talked. He complimented me. Not on the way I looked, not at first, anyway. He'd just told me that I had a spark, that I shouldn't be waitressing in this dive on these he told me that I was destined for better. And I laughed. But he kept it he kept it up. And then he started walking me to my car, buying me coffee, and then before I knew it, he was looking at me like I was the only girl in the world. You know what that feels like, don't you honey? He was trying to be your friend. Is that a crime? It depends on what he wants. He wanted to help me and he did. He is the reason I won that award, because he believed in me, because he respected me. Abigail, you made a wonderful film, no one's disputing that. Yeah just hear her out. And then we'll talk about it. Okay? He was kind to me, honey. Okay? I thought that I'd found someone that really understood me, who I could trust. And then one night he saw me crying in the walk-in, and I was gon na be okay. I was pulling it together. But he wouldn't let up. So, at the end of my shift, I told him. It was your birthday, and I'd given you up. And I also told him that everybody kept telling me that " time heals all wounds. " Well, you know what? That just wasn't true. Because it was getting worse. I felt like my heart would never stop breaking. So he listened to you pour your heart out? Somehow that's a bad thing? He wasn't my friend, Abigail. He took my secret and he used it against me. He made me feel like you see? Don't you get it? I don't want that happening to you. I'm still in charge here, Tom, and nobody's going anywhere until the techs have finished working up this house. All right. Where where's Daniel? Is he okay? He's fine. He wasn't hurt by the flying glass. What flying glass? When you broke the window. I didn't break anything. He's upstairs in their bedroom. Not a chance. I want to go see my son. Oh, like you wanted to see him earlier? Look, he's fine. He's sleeping. Why don't we let Adam and Billy go check you check on Daniel, okay? Go. What is going on? I saw the ladder up against the the house. Who did this? We're still collecting evidence, Emily. Can you give us tonight? Can you? Yeah. I was at the Lakeview with Margo. Yeah, right. While a friend of yours staged this this " attempted kidnapping " that your trying to pin on me. Oh, that's insane. You would do anything to get full custody. I would do anything to keep Daniel safe That is right, yeah. Like keeping him away from me having him kidnapped from Al's to make me look like some kind of bad parent. I did no such thing. Time out Tom did not have Daniel kidnapped And I have a right to answers And Emily has a right to an attorney I do not need an attorney. You can ask me anything you want. Where were you? Riverfront Park. Well, that's convenient. I went to look at the tree. Oh, the tree. How nice. I don't know. 20, 30 people. Anyone you knew? No. I just went to walk around, to clear my head a little bit. Did you stop anywhere? A drug store? A gas station? No. I went right home. So no one can vouch for your whereabouts. Do you really think I would try to kidnap my own son? You're asking me? You, who got up on the stand and tried to make it look like I killed Alec Wallace? You, who bloodied your own knees to make it look like you'd been mugged? You, who broke up my marriage and got yourself pregnant? You're asking me if I think that you could kidnap your own son? Yes. I'm I'm not I'm not that person anymore. Really? What's changed in you? I've I've got someone in my life who expects something better up to his vision I've changed. And whether you believe it or not, I really don't care. I mean, I I barely believe it myself, but when somebody just sees the good in you, you don't want to let' em down. Oh, that's a touching story. Yeah. Did you come up with anything else outside? Ground's frozen solid. So, no footprints. No. We're trying to lift prints off the ladder, the windowsill Well, they won't be mine. No, because you were wearing gloves. We found one of your gloves under the ladder. Ever lose a glove, Margo? Not while committing a crime, Emily, no. Can you wait for outside? Go with him. I know you're dying to search my car. Go ahead. Search my pockets, anything you want. Well, mind going through your bag. You don't have to do that, Emily. I've got nothing to hide. Good. Are you satisfied? Airline tickets. You want to explain this, Emily? I have never seen those tickets. Well, it looks like you and Daniel are planning a little vacation, Emily. Those are not my tickets They have your name on them. They were paid for with your credit card. Did you know about this, Hal? That Emily was planning to fly out tonight? I never bought these tickets. I never made any plans. You have to believe me I don't know how they ended up in my purse unless Tom planted them. That is absurd Emily, was your bag out of your sight any time tonight? I don't know. Maybe, I'm not sure. Hal, I have respect for you. I'm I want her at the station first thing in the morning, with counsel, prepared to answer questions. Like why she would have shown you the contents of her purse if she knew those tickets were in there? Well, who knows how her mind works she was bluffing and we called her on it. 9 A.M ., Hal. Get your stuff, Emily. We're getting out of here. No way. I'm gon na get my son. Not gon na happen I did not try Not gon na happen To kidnap my son You have no business keeping him from me We'll settle this later. Come on, Emily. Say " good-night " to Adam for me? Of course. And until this thing is settled, you guys keep a close eye on Daniel. Abigail, I know I hurt you when I gave you away. Nick's picking up potential and how I could be if only you know. If you left home. Abigail, look, I know that Nick was there for you when Bryant died. And he comforted you when you were disappointed with Adam, and that's not bad if that's all it was. Support. Friendship. I could even handle romance. Believe it or not, I'd be fine with that even with someone older than you if Nick were right for you. But, Abigail, he uses romantic feelings to take advantage. Molly, why don't you just stay with what happened to you and let Abigail make up her own mind. Abigail, I started spending a lot of time with Nick because I could talk to him about you. I told him my dream my biggest dream in the world was to find you again. And he said I better be careful, not to disappoint you, that if a long lost mother shows up, she sense of humor, I know I know him. No, Abigail. Well, if someone said that to me, I'd probably say the same thing, you know. You're working in a scuzzy bar. He was just trying to get you to make something of yourself No, he was just trying to get me to help him rip off the bar. He told me that I needed money, and he knew a sure-fire way to get it. He said that we'd double-team the bar owner that I would distract him and Nick would just skim off a couple hundred dollars every night after his shift and we'd split it. He is not like that anymore. You know, I'm really glad that you can't even imagine being close to someone who'd do something like that. I'd know if he was like that. I told him I wouldn't do it, Abigail, that it was wrong. anymore. And you know what he said? You know why he said he wanted to steal? Because he wanted to help me find you. He told me that I would never find you, that it would never happen, unless I helped him do this. He used my most precious dream, Abigail, to try to make me commit a crime. That's who Nick Scudder was, and that's who he still is. Barbara, you have to admit that the chef that I brought in is far superior to the one that Paul found. I'm happy you're happy. Really? Rose was here. But then, you know that. What did she want? She accused me of setting up the Vince O'Malley thing. And you were able to tell her honestly that you had nothing to do with it, right? Oh, I was innocent. Bring on the academy award. I was even able to cast doubt left here convinced that I had nothing to do with it. Oh, I'm not so sure this is gon na satisfy her. I mean, Rose is a tough customer, street-smart, shrewd. You're giving her too much credit. I don't know about that. Let's consider this not much more than a year ago she was a second-rate showgirl in Atlantic City and today vice-president of Worldwide. I'll have to think up something very special for our Rose. Such as? Come on, James. After my performance today, I deserve full disclosure. What? And ruin all that innocence? In due time, darling. In due time. Nah. Nah, you couldn't pull this off. You don't have what it takes upstairs. Sorry. So that means if someone is posing as you, the only way to prove that is to find the real McCoy, or the real O'Malley. So Did he? He helped himself from time to time, when he thought he could get away with it. And you never did anything wrong? I never used emotional blackmail against anybody, no. Look, Molly, maybe that's how you felt about it, but I can guarantee you that Nick does not see it that way. And how do you see it? He's told me he did some bad things when he was growing up, but that all that changed when he was in jail. You can step in any time here, Holden. What Look, I listened to you. Yeah, but you're not hearing me, Abigail Nick Scudder is going to use you. What, because it didn't work out for you? Nick has never been anything but good to me. I've told you that. He loves me. He's only telling you that to try to get you . Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Nick Scudder asked you to leave town with him? Yes, Holden. And I don't care how old I asked Abigail. Molly's made it impossible for him. She got him fired, she got cops to threaten him. He's in violation of his parole if he doesn't have a job. She knew that. So he has to leave town in order to find work. Okay. Abigail, you to listen to me very carefully. Whatever problems you've had with your mother, and I know the situation has been difficult you have both had your differences but I am your father, and there's no way I'm letting you leave town with this guy. I would rather lose you than let that happen. What do you mean? I'm going to call your adoptive parents. What? No, look. Holden, Molly and I have talked about . Well, it's upsetting. Holden, they're so over-protective. And right now, you need protecting. So I'm going to call them and then I'm going to book us two seats on the next flight out of here. You'll take her? Yes. No. You don't have to do that. You should be here, home on the holidays with the kids. Abigail, you're my daughter. And I would do anything for you. Look, what I meant was you don't have to call the Williams'. I won't leave town with Nick. All right? I mean it. I'll I'll tell him I won't go. You'll give me your word? Don't you trust me? If you look me in the eye and tell me that you're done with him, I'll believe you. I'm done with him. Now dad, right? We'll think about it. Okay. Can I go? I need to take a shower. I smell like horse. We'll both go. I have my car. Just, meet at home. Molly, either you trust me or you don't. I'll see you at home. And I'll see you tomorrow. So we can start taking bucephalus through his paces, okay? Okay. Sure. Can you tell Lily I said " good-night, " and " good-night " to the kids? You know she's going to him. She gave her word. And you believe her? Holden, do you have the Williams' number in Rotterdam? Because we need to call them now. Wouldn't it be great if I could teach myself to do that? What? Sleep like an angel while the world around you's in chaos? Yeah. How are you, 's one of the sweetest faces God put on this earth. And if Emily had been successful tonight, we might never have seen it again. Do you think she really would have done it, though? We both saw the plane tickets. I know, I know. And I can even imagine her getting all the way to the airport, but then, maybe do you think she would really leave the country with him and not come back? (Tom-sighs) If coming back meant she might go to court and lose him I don't know. I mean, I thought I had a pretty good idea of what Emily would and would not do. But I'll tell you, when when people are cornered, they can surprise you. She's desperate and I probably made her that way. Oh, Tom. Don't, don't. And I'm not saying that I would walk through this minefield differently if I had I hate this place, this ugly place where I feel the need to protect my son from his own mother. I know. And Daniel well, he can sleep through right now because he's just he's too little to understand. But one day, he will be Adam's age. And if he doesn't have his mother He'll ask you for an explanation, and you'll give him one. And what if that is not even enough? And you know what I'm talking about. I mean, how many times have you brought in some kid for, I don't know, shoplifting, and there doesn't seem to be a rhyme or reason because they've got family and food in their stomachs. They go to a decent school. But there's this hole inside that just can't seem to be filled. It's really, it's not always about a missing parent, Tom. No. get these chronic behavioral problems that seem to come out of nowhere. But seven times out of ten, there is some form of parental abandonment. Yeah. But what about when it can't be helped? What about when the child's mother is somehow a danger to that child? I mean, what else can society do but keep her away, keep her from harming him? Well, you're good at that. What? Trying to make me feel like I'm not some kind of a monster. Oh, no, Tom. Come here. Everything that you are doing now, everything that you have always done, and everything that you will always do is for this person. You love him with everything that you've got in that big, fair, wonderful heart of yours. Hal, I know I left my bag. When I got to Tom's house, I drove in the driveway and I just ran in the front my bag, my gloves. Somebody had to have broken into the car, and and planted the tickets and stolen my gloves. I know I didn't have my gloves because my hands were freezing at the park. I'm gon na go upstairs, get the sitter's number, and call her and say " good-night " to Parker and Will Oh, wait, wait you believe me, don't you? I mean, think about it, Hal. I'm not strong enough to to carry a ladder around the house. It's aluminum. Meaning what? You think I did it? Meaning that we can lift a couple of prints off it, maybe. Assuming whoever did this didn't wear gloves. You have to believe me. I didn't do it. You can't Emily, one thing I know as a cop is that problems don't go away. They'll be here tomorrow morning na be okay. What is with him? How can he not believe me? I'm gon na I'm going to lose him because he doesn't believe me. (Cell-phone-rings) hello? Emily Stewart? Who is this?I saw what happened at Al's diner. What? When my son wandered off?He didn't wander anywhere. There was a guy, he got him to leave the diner. Who? Did you recognize him? Listen, they're trying to prove I'm negligent. They're gon na revoke my custody if I can't prove somebody took him away. If you have any information at allI won't testify. Fine. You don't you don't have to testify. You can meet me. You can meet me here? No. Someone could see me. All right. Well, then just tell me what you want me to do. I'll meet you . How soon can you be there? Soon. It's just a few blocks away.Good. If you leave now and walk fast, it shouldn't take you more than ten minutes. My car will be the only one in the lot. I'm on my way. Molly, I don't know about making this call. We gave her the impression that we would back off. How can we expect her to keep her word if we don't? Holden, dealing with whether or not Abigail trusts us right now that is a luxury. What we have to worry about is Nick Scudder taking our daughter across state line, convincing her to have sex with him, and then moving on to the main event getting her arrested for a crime that she's powerless to stop. We can't risk our daughter going to jail, Holden. We have to do something about it. Right now. Make the call. . I'm sorry, I can't stay long. But I just wanted to tell you that when you leave town, I'm going with you. I ran all the way here where is he? Look, I got a call from a guy telling me to meet him at the train station parking lot. He didn't say anything about a limo, though.My employer can't afford to be seen with you. He asked me to pick you up and bring you to a more private location. Oh, wait, wait. Wait a minute. I don't like this.Suit yourself. Wait Just wait. Where are we going? Look, my instructions were to call from the highway. All right? My employer will tell me where to meet him. Okay. Drive. Yes, ma'am. I've always been hands-on, James. I know, Barbara. But, fingers dirty on this one. I mean, if you had known, Rose would have been able to see it. Ah, it's much better this way. I wouldn't be quite so proud of yourself just yet. Carly left on her own, but she has a child here. Obviously, she will be back. And I was able to keep Rose at bay, but she's not going to give up Paul. And Emily? (Cell-phone-rings) Emily's living in my house. Yes? Go right on as planned. What plan? Who was that? Damn it, James And then there was one. Do you know have any idea how long Bernie and Agnes are gon na be in Myrtle Beach? Did they leave a number where they could be reached, Mrs .. Shapiro? I mean, they trust you so much with those house plants. (Rose-sighs) all right. Please just tell them that I called, and please give important. It's about their son, Vince. God bless you, too, Mrs. Shapiro. Oy Who was that? The upstairs neighbor of the most hated woman in America Agnes O'Malley. Who is a relative of Vince's? That would be his sainted mother. What is it with you and these mothers? Oh, you mean Barbara? Oh, no, no, no. No, they're nothing alike. Agnes? She's this tiny little bleached blonde, keeps pushing cookies in your face. But then you go to reach for one, she stabs you with a fork. Barbara, on the other hand, gives you the cookie, but it's filled with grounded glass. So, that's why you called Agnes? To find Vince? Not my first option, believe me. But I got to find Vince and nobody has seen him. So, Vince is still a problem? Oh on me tonight. Because of the phone calls? Long story short there's somebody out there somebody out there making it look like I'm two-timing Paul with Vince. And the only way that I can prove that it's a lie is to track Vince down and beat the truth out of him. Look, Rose, I know how important Paul is to you, but I'll be careful. I promise. So, what're you doing out here in the middle of the night? Don't you got family that needs you? Emma's with the kids. And Holden and Molly are having a little pow-wow with Abigail. Is everything all right? Lily? Is there a way to keep Luke and Faith small forever? Yeah. Sit on' em. Right. I should go. Call me tomorrow? Absolutely. Paul Ryan's room, please? Baby, pick up, please. 's a promise. 
That's right, Mitchell, I'll be making the trip with her. We leave tomorrow, and we should arrive sometime the next afternoon. I'll tell her you said that. Thanks again. Bye-bye. It's all set. Diana and Mitchell will be very happy to have Abigail live with them again for awhile. Great. Then I guess I'm the only one who's against it. I thought this was your idea. It was, Holden, but now I just wish we had some other way to get through to her. Molly, she told us everything that we wanted to hear, but you're right. If she wants to be with Nick, she will find a way eventually. And there's nothing that we can do about it. So we're making the right choice here. I know. I know. And I know in time, she would see that this is a huge mistake. Now, Holden, I'm gon na be lost without her she goes to Europe and We never see her again? Yeah. That's not gon na happen, Molly. In spite of what's happening right now, Abigail, she's a smart and responsible girl. She's not going to abandon her family to some loser like Nick. We can only hope, right? No one wants to send her off like this. It has to be done. Will you please keep reminding me of that? (Holden-sighs) I will. Leaving Oakdale with me is a big commitment. And to be honest, I I don't think that you're ready. Why not? Well, because the first time that I asked you, the idea of us being together was too much for you to handle. That was your instinct, Abigail. And maybe maybe that's what you should go with. All I needed was some time to search my heart, like you told been doing? Yes. And I realized that I could never leave you, Nick. You mean too much. I was so worried. I thought I had lost you forever. No, that's not going to happen. Are you sure you can do this? I mean, leaving your friends and family, everything that you know, just to be with me? Nothing matters except us. You mean everything to me. My happiness. My life. I am being objective, Jess. All I'm asking you to do is look at the facts. I am looking at the facts. And one of the facts is that Daniel is your son, and you're extremely emotional about this. (Tom-sighs) Tom is not asking any favors here. We have more than sufficient evidence to bring charges against Emily. And are you speaking as a police officer, or as the stepmother of the child you think was nearly kidnapped? Now, Emily violated an existing agreement by coming to our house without prior notice. She entered the house, knowing Margo and I were not there, with the clear intention of seizing Daniel and running off with him. And what proof do you have for these allegations, except a glove that was near a ladder perched by Daniel's window? And a couple of tickets to Mexico? One of which had Daniel's name on it. Okay, Tom. I'm not saying never press charges. I'm just saying you've got to slow down here. What does that mean? That means that if you make this a crusade against the child's mother, your case has a good chance of falling apart. So you both have to keep cool heads, both of you Where's Emily? You told her you wouldn't question her tonight. Well, I know that, Hal, and You should have informed me about this least. Inform you about what? Hauling Emily down here for questioning. Well, we didn't. Is she in another interrogation room or something? No Then where is she? Excuse me. Can you tell me the name of the man who called me tonight? The person who hired you? He claims to have information on who's framing me. Can you at least tell me where we're going? Hey I'm talking to you. I asked you a question. Just relax, lady. You'll get all your answers soon enough. Relax? Relax? You're telling me to relax? Someone went to a lot of trouble trying to make it look like I kidnapped my own son. I don't plan on relaxing until I find out who it was. A lady wouldn't leave town without her watch. And saying good-bye in person just would be too painful, wouldn't it, We wanted to be sure to keep you up to date. Why, thank you, my darling. You're just doing a fabulous job. Well, thank you. We're enjoying it. It's fun. And we hope the hospital has their holiday benefit here every year. Oh, now, hold on let's just do one year at a time. Let's get this one out of the way first, and then we'll think about John, how about you? Don't you have some kind of talent that we don't know about? Because I see we have a little spot right here. Can I put you right in there? Yes, you could put me right in there to do the triple bypass. A lot of people find it very entertaining. No, thank you. Let's just forget that. Just just buy a ticket. Oh, I'll do more than that. I'll able to attend. Oh, well, why not? Oh, because he's afraid somebody might see him having a good time. C'm on, Johnny boy, lighten up, sweetheart. Well, you lighten up enough for both of us. Besides, I'm sure you're gon na do a couple numbers right. Did you know that she had her own act over at the Mona Lisa? She would sing every night. No, no, no. They are not interested in my ancient history. Of course we are. And we very much wanted Lisa to be a part of the talent show. You mean she turned you down? Flat. Why? Some nonsense about not having enough time to rehearse. Well, that happens to be true. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get ready to close down the establishment for the evening. So early? Well, yes, Johnny holidays. I want to close I can see we have 23 minutes left. So I've got a bar to run until No, no, no, I'm closing down the register now. Do you really want her to sing in your talent show? Of course. She has a great voice. All right, all you have to do is go and ask her again. And when she turns you down again, you ask her again. Isn't that a little bit pushy? Very pushy, but that's the point. She doesn't want to be asked. She wants to be begged. Worth a shot. Oh, I can beg. Oh, yeah? Yeah, when I really, really want something. Mitchell and Diana had serious doubts that I'd be able to raise Abigail. And so I spent the last couple years trying really hard to prove them wrong. But in couldn't go the distance. I have to give Abigail back to them because I failed at being her mom. Molly, I'm not gon na let you take all the blame. I'm Abigail's father. I should've been more involved in her life. Holden, weren't you held hostage in Malta? Yes, but I'm not gon na use that as an excuse. She was living with me. It was my responsibility to keep her safe from creeps like Nick. I remember exactly when it happened, too. I remember that moment. Nick, he came over to the house, and he offered to help Abigail and Adam with their school project. And even though I knew it was wrong, I said okay. She's a teenager, Molly. Parents go through tough times during these years. Yeah, but they manage to get through them without having to ship their kid off to another country, Holden. All I'm sorry. I'm just really, really scared. That Nick's gon na follow her? That she'll never forgive us for taking her away from him. Molly threatened to send me back to Europe, to live with my adoptive parents. I mean, if she can even think of doing something like that, there's no way I can ever trust her again. Is she serious? You're an adult. She can't just send you someplace that you don't want to go. But, see, that's just the problem. They all see me as this piece of property they can move around from square to square like a big monopoly game. Well, the last thing that I want to do is turn you against the people that you love. But I know what you mean. They talk to you like you can't make a decision on your own. You've noticed that, too? that. No. No, I'm glad to see that I'm not imagining it. Nick, I want to ask you a question. And I need you to be honest with me. Well, I always am. These feelings that you're feeling for me are you sure that they're real? What? How could you even ask me that? Molly said that she gave you this ring, years ago, before you went to prison. And that the only reason you gave it to me was to send her some type of signal. About what? That you were I don't know winning the battle over me. Well, that's quite a story. I told her that I didn't believe her, but I just I need to hear it from you, Nick. This ring didn't come from Molly, did it? None of us here has any idea where Emily is She's done nothing of the kind. She doesn't even have her car. Then where did she go? The last time I saw her she was having trouble keeping it together. She probably took a walk to get her head straight. Does this mean you're pressing charges? We were just discussing that possibility. If you'd like to be a part of it, now would be the time. Fine. She's innocent. That's all I have to say on the matter. I'm gon na need more than that, Hal. Jessica, I know Emily's reputation. But she's not the same person she was. She is caring, responsible and 100% devoted to her child's well being. There's evidence indicating she tried to steal her son from Tom's house. That so-called " evidence " was planted. This whole thing is an obvious set-up. Hold on, hold on. Are you suggesting say that. Answer the question. Do you think I'm framing Emily? (Carolers-singing) Hark the herald angels sing Go away, and don't come back Running away from the carolers? Where's your Christmas spirit? If you've come for eggnog and Figgie pudding, you've come to the wrong house. Barbara, Barbara, what is this? I mean, no tree, no wreaths, no " Nat King Cole sings the holiday hits "? I remember when this was your favorite time of year. That was a lifetime ago. I have no favorite time of year now. Well, we'll just have to find a remedy for that, won't we? Would you like to see what I brought you for Christmas? A present? For me? Why? Well, I was overwhelmed with Christmas cheer. Like' em? Very handsome. But I have no immediate travel plans. Perhaps you should E.S. I assume it doesn't stand for Ebenezer Scrooge. Very astute. Where did you get these, James? All you need to know is that Emily Stewart has been dispatched. Hal will find her suitcases missing and will conclude that she's left all on her own. Or so you think. It will go as I've prescribed, Barbara. It always does. Now, I realize that your holiday spirits are a bit dimmed. But if you could just imagine a little mistletoe right up here. Emily has already accused me of planting these plane tickets in her purse. But I didn't think you'd believe her. I didn't say it was you. The implication was crystal clear. I've got nothing to prove here, Tom. You're the one that thinks Emily tried to kidnap Daniel. Well, it's hard not to. It all adds up. Not in my math book Emily would have for stealing Daniel, especially at this point in time? It's so obvious After what happened at Al's, she's afraid that her child is gon na be taken away. All Tom asked for was a temporary change in their custody agreement. That's hardly enough to turn Emily into a kidnapper. Why are you listening to him? He is so totally biased Keep going, Hal. People who snatch their kids don't usually visit them before they do it. Yet that's just what Emily did. She showed up at your door, and she asked to see Daniel. Knowing that Margo and I were not there, and probably looking for the best place to put the ladder. Oh, Tom, please. Everything she did was calculated. And not only that, she knew you'd defend her, no matter what. What's that supposed to mean? It means, if you're of detectives is not such a bad idea Are you accusing me of a cover-up? Consider it a reality check Because you don't know what kind of woman you're dealing with Okay Okay, okay, okay That's enough Now either we're gon na do this in a civilized manner, or we're not gon na do this at all. I really wish that I could tell you that Abigail's gon na understand why we need to send her away. But it's most likely that she won't. She's gon na be angry, and she'll resent us. But you know what? It's not gon na last forever. One day, she's gon na come back to Oakdale. And hopefully, she'll be the same happy, loving girl that we both adore so much. That's the plan, right? Yeah. You know, there's a chance that it might not work her. Because I really believe that she will not abandon her family for a guy like Nick. Dad, now can we read the story? Maybe Molly can stay, too. Oh, I'd love to Lukey-Luke. But actually I can't. I have to go home. I want to talk to Abigail. I don't want to spring this on her last minute. Um buddy, I can't read the story right now. But it's almost my bedtime Oh, Holden, you don't have to come with me. No, I really need to do this with you. Listen, buddy, I got to go with Molly somewhere, but I'll be back in a little while. Just try to be patient, okay? Okay, I'll try. I'm sorry. This can't be helped. I know. I understand. It's okay. Who wants to hang stockings? go, let's go, let's go Go ahead. Let's take those stockings off that you have on. I bought the ring in Chicago, long after I knew Molly. And I gave it to you for the reasons I said. I wanted you to have a memory of what we'd been to each other. Now if you don't want it, if you want me to take it back No, of course I no, of course I want it. You know, you got to understand, Molly was just so positive that she gave you this ring. Okay, look, if it'll make it easier I'll show you the receipt. It might take a while to find it, but I'll No No, forget it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I doubted you. It's just I I still What? What is it? You could have You really want me to tell you? Yeah. Well, I'm I don't know if I can put it into words. Can you try? Oh, Abigail, can you really not know how beautiful and talented you are? You know, you stand up you stand up for what you believe in. And you live your life by your own rules. And when I look in your face, I see honesty and intelligence and someone who's so passion passionate about everything that life has to offer. Is that enough? Are you kidding? I'm speechless. You've brought so much to me. I mean, you've allowed me to dream about the future again and have confidence in myself and feel like I deserve what everybody else seems to take for granted. Hmm-mm, you did that. Well, that would be nice, but that's not the way it is. Everything I am at this is because of you. I love you, Abigail, and I always will. I love you, too. Every minute of every day. (Carolers-singing) Silent night, holy night, all is calm, all is bright You know, for a minute there, I almost forgot what time of year it was. Like there was no one else in the world except us. Yeah, I know. Oh, it's Christmas, and I didn't get you anything. I don't have a tree. I just oh, I don't know. Wait. You've given me everything I could ever want. And there's actually something I want to give you, and I can't think of a better time than right now. What is it? Me. This is not going to disintegrate into a fistfight. Especially when it has nothing to do with the law. Attempted kidnapping has nothing to do with the law? toward Emily. Hal's defending her because he cares about her. Both of you gentlemen are speaking from your hearts, and that's not gon na help us solve the problem. So do you have a suggestion? Yes. I suggest we bring Emily in for questioning first thing in the morning. If she doesn't have an alibi, we book her for breaking and entering. Well, fine. That works for me. And I'm okay with that, too. Well, it'll be a waste of the taxpayers' money, but it wouldn't be the first time. So (Margo-sighs) Hal, we have to play this out. I hope you understand. And I hope you'll be prepared to be embarrassed. So do you want to bring Emily down, or should I send a uniform? Emily will come on her own, just like she said she would. Well, I find that hard to believe by a thread. It wouldn't surprise me if she skipped town. No, because Emily has a life now, a life that's here in Oakdale. She has a son that she loves, a job she enjoys, and yes, a man that makes her happy. She's not about to give all that up because of some bogus kidnapping charge Well, at this point, I wouldn't put anything past her. She knows that, Tom. She also knows you have zero faith in her ability to be a parent, and that hurts, Tom. It hurts like hell. So if she's gone someplace to grapple with that, I'm not surprised, Tom. Because you pushed her to the wall. And if she's not showing up here tonight for another round of abuse, you have only yourself to blame. This suitcase proves nothing. Look, Hal will see them missing. And he'll conclude that Emily's He would know that Emily would never leave him without an explanation. She left a note. A note? A note. But it couldn't have been in her hand. He'll see through that. It was typed, Barbara. You give Hal too much credit. For all I know, Carly and Emily have not disappeared at all. They're out at some dreadful yuletide party, celebrating and discussing what a witch I've become. Barbara, tell me what you need. What can I do to make all this easier for you? I need nothing from you. I need proof that this plan of yours is happening, and I'm going to get it myself. Here's your chance. You know, I'm just not happy with the balance of the performers, you know? Of course we have a lot of novelty acts, but there are just not enough singers. So what do you want, maybe I should maybe I should take some lessons? Come on. There has to be somebody you can ask, someone that could give that soulful number that demands a standing ovation. You know, I do know someone, a singer. But I already asked her, and she turned me down flat. And she's turning you down again. Come on, Lisa. It's for a really, really good cause. I know that it's a good cause, darling. I'm aware of that. She's not leaving us much of a choice, is she? No, not that I can see. (Bonnie-and-Isaac-beg) Stop it Get yourselves together, please. You're embarrassing me. Not until you say yes. We're not gon na stop. All right. Okay. Yes, yes. Now pick that up for me, please. Yes, I will. And you're just embarrassing the daylights . We just love your voice. I can't wait to hear it. Well, you better not say that. I have to go home and practice a little bit and vocalize. Well, thanks a lot for giving me a push. I'll just give it the best shot I've got. What'd I tell you? Good call. I'm gon na go home. Merry Christmas. I'll see you at the show. Merry Christmas. Oh, I thought you weren't coming to the show. Oh, oh, well, that was before she decided to sing. Nice work. Yeah, likewise. You know what? I think we should close up early. Oh, but there's still five minutes to closing. I'm the owner. I can push the clock. Okay, I'm with you. Excuse me? Are you Bonnie McKechnie? Yeah, that's Christmas. You, too. Ho, ho, ho. Thanks a lot. On donner, on blitzen. So what'd you get? A gift, I suppose. But there's no card. A leather notebook? Who would never mind. I know exactly who sent this to me. No, Abigail, Abi wait, wait. No, no. Don't protect me. I want to be with you tonight. I want to show you how much you mean to me. I want the same thing. But I just not like this. Like what? Hiding from your parents in this crummy boarding house. You deserve better than that. A beautiful place for a beautiful moment. Where's that going to be? Well, I've been thinking a lot about that. And where we're gon na go and start our new lives. And I remember this island off . We would be so happy. We could work on the mainland, and then we could work on our movie on our free time. That sounds wonderful. It will be. And the first night that we are there, I am gon na take you to the beach and make love to you under the moonlight. Whatever you say. But first, we have to get there. Which means leaving here without getting everybody in the town up in arms. Are you afraid that Molly's gon na try something? Well, after what you told me tonight, I'm sure of it. So the best thing for you to do is to go home, okay? And act like everything is fine. Then meet me here tomorrow night, with whatever you want to bring. I'll already have the car packed, and then all we can do what we'll do is we'll just drive straight through to Florida. Tomorrow night? 'm gon na take care of you, Abigail, from now on. Let go of her, Nick. You let go of her before somebody gets hurt. Get out You have no right to be here. Abigail, you're making a mistake, and we're not gon na let you do that. Look, I'm asking the two of you to leave. Otherwise, I'm gon na call the police. Don't bother, because we're not staying. Abigail, let's go. No. Abigail, we can do this nicely, or we can make a scene. But either way, you're leaving. Look, I'll call you later, okay? No, you won't. Holden, take her with you. There's something I need to say to Nick. What, more threats? More hassles from the police when he hasn't done anything? Abigail. Abigail, I right. Don't listen to a word she says. You sure about this? Positive. (Door-slams) I don't know why you're doing this. I don't know what perverted thing is driving you. But this is the end of it, Nick. You have kissed my daughter for the last time. Well, that's where you're wrong, Molly. The good times have just begun. My mother sent this notebook to me. You know, I have just the right mind to send it back to her. Why? What's wrong with it? Look at it, Isaac. Have you ever seen anything more conservative? Well, I admit it's not a seat on the space shuttle, but a lot of people like leather notebooks. Sure. Accountants, attorneys, assistant secretaries to public utilities. Well, this is really nice, too. I mean, it appears as if the stitching is . But my mother sent me this notebook to make a point. What point? Well, she sees what a good job I've been doing on the benefit, and this is her way of saying, " isn't life more rewarding when you're doing something respectable? " That's quite a leap. I mean, you don't even know that that was sent by her. I don't know who else would send me a gift like this. Someone who thought maybe you could use a leather notebook? Trust me, Isaac. It's a message. But you know what? I'm not gon na send it back to her. No, that would be rude. But I am going to return it for something that I like. Fine. You do whatever you want. Frankly, I could care less. Isaac Merry Christmas, Bonnie. Lisa, I thought you were gon na go home. What Maybe he doesn't like Christmas. (Phone-ringing) Java underground. Bonnie? Mom You're calling me at work? You never do that. Well, shoot me for wanting to share a little holiday cheer with my daughter. That's not why you're calling. Okay, then why am I calling? Come on, Mom. Don't play games with me. Exactly what game am I playing, Bonnie? You sent me this notebook at work to make your point. Notebook? What notebook? Don't get me wrong, Mom. It's a beautiful gift. It really is. But you don't have to keep sending me all these symbolic messages. I know how you feel about what you think I'm doing with my life. I did not send you a gift What? I don't know who sent you this notebook. All I do know is that it wasn't me. be you. If it wasn't you, then who in the world I'm in trouble. Big trouble. Oh Emily? Em? Hey, Emily, Tom's on the warpath, and we really need to talk. Emily " Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night. The end. " I know I'm not dad, but how did I do? Good. I did good. Did I do good? I did? Oh, thank you. You know what time it is now? We have to wish upon the Christmas star. Mom, we already did. With Grandma Emma. Oh. So what did you wish for? That everyone in the world stops fighting. That, from now on, everyone lives in peace. That's a great wish. Hey, guys I hope it comes true. Look who I brought home. Hi, It looks that way, yeah. I'm glad you're here with us, Abigail. Me, too. Okay, it's time for bed. Already? Hey, come on, buddy. But Abigail just got here. Hey, hey, hey. You know the rules. Say good night. Okay. Give me a hug. Good night, dad. Good night, Abigail. Let's go see Emma, okay? You hungry? No. There's something that I have to tell you. Molly and I wanted to tell you together. We're sending you to Rotterdam to live with Diana and Mitchell. What? Holden, you said you wouldn't call. You promised We said we'd think about it. And we did. Molly and I decided that this is what you need right now. I need it? Or you need me be for a little while. And then you can come back to Oakdale. Oh, this is unbelievable I already told you I don't want to go It's not up for discussion. I'll be leaving with you tomorrow. You're going with me? I want to make sure you get there safely. Forget it, Holden. I am not going on that plane. Abigail, this is not a punishment, okay? You're going to see the Williams's. They're like they're like they're like family to you. It's like home. My home is not with them anymore. And my home is not here. And my home is not Molly and Jake's. The only home that I have now is with Nick. And that's where I'm going to be. It's over, Nick. By this time tomorrow, Abigail will be someplace you won't be able kidding yourself. Abigail loves me, and there is nothing that you can do to keep us apart. Loves you? Maybe because you brainwashed her into thinking so, but trust me, Nick, that wouldn't last. Oh, yeah? You should hear her talk about us. Talk about our future together. You know, she offered herself to me tonight. She practically begged me to be her first. You disgusting, pathetic All right, take it easy, okay? I turned her down. I told her it would be better, more romantic, if we waited. (Nick-laughs) wasn't that just the most noble thing for me to do? You will not take advantage of my daughter. If you don't leave her alone, Nick, I swear I'll You'll what? The girl adores me. And I wouldn't be surprised if we wound up getting married. You wouldn't. I wouldn't? that? Why would you ruin a little girl's life like that? It's simple. Because you haven't offered me something not to. Offer you something? Like what, Nick? What? What? What could I possibly do to get rid of you? Tell me Thank you, Molly. Finally. Now we're getting somewhere. You see, there is something. Only it's not gon na be cheap. Excuse me? Where are we going? We've been driving for over an hour and what, are you lost? Maybe you should call ahead and get directions or something. You know, you could at least give me the courtesy of an answer here (Music-starts) Christmas tree at the Christmas party All right. All right, stop the car. Do you hear me? Stop the car I want to get out Who are you? Who are you? Where are you taking me? Later some caroling (knock-at-door) Emily? Hal. I hope I'm not intruding. No. Not at all. Please, come in. I have a present for Will. I was hoping to put it under the tree. That's very thoughtful, Barbara. It's in the living room. Are you all right? I'm fine. Go leave your present. Hal, I know you. Tell me what's wrong. Maybe I can help. Emily's gone. Oh, she went somewhere for the holidays? I'm sorry, Hal. 
Well Here we are. Welcome to the Ritz. Wonder if they put mints on your pillow here. Got a case of the jitters, Rose? Me? No. It's just that last time I was in a place this sterile, they were puffing me full of woo-woo steam and turning me into a prune, that is all. Well, you just remember that you're safe here, okay? Dr. Bob is going to take good care of you. And so am I. I know. Yeah. Well, a couple of hours from now, I'm going to be wrapped up like a cabbage roll, and maybe you'll get your old Rose back. Or your new Rose. Or your previous Rose. Or a new and improved Rose. I don't know. No, there are no improvements necessary. You know what they say? A rose is a rose is a rose? And I love each and every one of them. I believe but I do believe you. No, it doesn't matter how long it took. I just want to stop talking about it and start showing you how much how very much I love you. You make my toes curl. You know that. But there's something I want to say. I'm doing this you know, my face, fixing my whole face I'm doing it for me. You don't have to justify yourself to me. Hear me out, okay? I know you said you'd marry me no matter what. And you were dead serious about that. I was. I am. And I don't want you to think that I was doubting you even for a second, because I wasn't. It's just I want my face back. For me. Not for you, but for me. Okay. And I'm here at that dance floor there, you know, . And I'm like, " oh " I miss that, you know? I miss getting out there and, you know, shaking my tail feathers. You could have done that. Well, come on. Not without someone thinking I'm having a heart attack. And I miss being Lily's twin. You know, I never really looked at her. Really looked at her. But I do miss it. I mean, don't get me wrong I was starting to accept the fact that I had this face and that, underneath it all, I was still Rose. You know? I can live with this face. If I had to. But I really want my old self back. This may sound a little selfish but, when the two of us are walking down the street together, I want people to say, you know, " that is one good-looking couple. " You want to know what I want? Yeah I want you to be happy. And if that means camping out in an igloo, eating fish every day, then okay. Let's do it. If it means sitting in a couple rocking chairs on the front porch, playing gin rummy, then I say deal the cards. If this is what will make you happy go for it. Ready, Rose? So this is it, huh? Well, we could wait till morning, if you need more time to No, no. That's all right. So this is it? I'm ready. Whatever happens I'm not looking back. La, la, la, la, la, la la, la, la, la, la, la. Mon cherie amour Where'd you go? What do you mean? I was here. I'll always be here. Helluva shindig tonight. People out there eating red hots, clinking beers. And if use the word " gentleman "? Yeah. Who would've ever thought that? Just shows you how much life can change. You know what? If the dearly departed could blush, I do believe I would be the color of a Rose. (Molly-laughs) Oh, now, Mrs .. McKinnon Mrs .. McKinnon, what's the matter? I blew it, Jake. I let you down. You blew how? How? Come on, Molly You immortalized me I mean, listen look, look there had to be at least one person out there who didn't like me very much, but I guarantee you, they will not forget that shindig. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about .. as your wife. As the mother of your children, I failed you. No. That's not possible, Molly. I made a deal tonight, Jake I made a deal with . And I think I gave them the better end of the bargain. What kind of lousy mother does that? I can't stop thinking about Molly. Well, how did she seem to you after the memorial? This is going to be hard on her, Jack. I can't help wondering how she's going to get through it. Well, from what I understand, Jake left her pretty well off. Jake's money was not important to her. She was about the really important things, you know? That man was the love of her life. She lived for him. And for the love of Abigail and those little girls. So what now? Well, what are you afraid of? I'm afraid that she will shut herself off. That she will mourn him until she's old and gray. Then we won't let that happen. I promise. I've seen it happen. When two people dies, people start to forget about the person that's left. Then we'll make sure that she doesn't get lost in her grief. And we'll make sure that she's surrounded by a lot of love. And maybe even a few distractions. You are the answer to my prayer. Did you know that? You have changed me. You really have. You may not get this, really, but so many times recently, I'd close my eyes and just know that that was it. That my life was going to be over. And when I opened them, I expected to see the bright, white light or the devil or whoever's going to greet me on the other side. It was you. Loving me. Holding me. I am always going to be there for you. As long as you'll have me. I love you, Carly. I love you, too. And nothing is ever going to come Cause we got a lot of catching up to do. Interesting night. You walked into Jake's memorial hoping to win over the entire town, and instead you have to settle for miss congeniality? I did okay. And yet here you are at my doorstep. Needing your wounds licked? I haven't a single wound. And if you lick anything, you're dead. (Craig-chuckles) Still, being laid into by Carly must have hurt some. Why? Because those days when everyone ran to Rosanna are gone. And since Carly's no longer the town pariah, what's left for you? I don't see you enjoying the warm glow of her sunny disposition. Well c'est la vie. In Carly's life, we are still outsiders. Speak for yourself. What, I'm missing something here? You usually are. So enlighten me? Carly may never give you a second look, but badly she needs me. I'm scared, Jake. I'm scared' cause I don't think it's going to be temporary. I think that Donna's going to get used to having them there, and they're going to get used to being there. And she's never going to let me have them back. You love those girls. Molly I do I do, and I promise you I'm never going to let them out of my life, Jake. I'm going to get there. I'm going to go see them every chance I get. Because Donna agreed. She did agree that I could see them whenever, wherever I want. And I promise you, McKinnon, with my whole soul, I will never ever let your daughters forget who their daddy was. You can count on that. I could always count on you. That's not going to stop now. Stop it, damn you. don't don't let me get away with this. Okay? Swear at me, yell at me do whatever you have to do. Don't tell me this is okay, Jake, because it's that's a lie. You know I've never lied to you, so I'm not going to start now. What did I tell you when you told me that Donna wanted to take Bridget and Michele? You told me you told me that I would figure it out. That's right. Young lady, that's what you've done. You've figured it right out. Now why would Carly need your help? How long do you think it's going to be before she starts getting antsy over there in modest little Milltown with Jack the giant-killer? And how many times have they broken up, only to find themselves, oh, happily, rapturously back together again? More than I care to count. part of the pattern that does make sense. Well, of course. Of course you understand it. It's the thrill of the game. The chase. The challenge? The hunt does hold its attractions. Nevertheless, Carly and Jack find themselves, oh, back together again and Game over? Temporarily. And in the interim, you throw a wrench into the works? I've been known to enjoy the sporting life. (Craig-laughs) Well, shiver me timber. The real Rosanna Cabot finally draws back the curtains. I knew you couldn't deny your feelings for Carly forever. My sister is actually rather near and dear to my heart. So was the asp that killed Cleopatra. Now, you may be able to fool the good people of Oakdale, but I can read between your well-proportioned lines. You have something to draw Carly away from Milltown, don't you? I do, indeed. Well, please Of course. Aside from Parker, it's the one thing that she values. At least as much as Jack. And I don't think she can have it without me. You are so beautiful. Like you haven't seen me a thousand times. Oh, 10,000. But it's different. It's finally hitting me, you know? The whole time you were gone, I I kept picturing your eyes and your beautiful mouth. I had so many pictures in my mind, I could've plastered this whole house with them. And during the dark days, I thought those pictures were all I was ever going to have of you. But now you're here. And you're in my arms. It's perfect. Mm. It's so incredibly perfect. I ached for you, Jack. I ached so bad I couldn't sleep. But deep down somewhere, I knew that we would be together again. We had to too. I had to find a place inside of me that was willing to go the distance. You know what? I didn't do that when you were taken to Hong Kong. I was so hurt. And I had built up this wall. I let myself believe the worst about you. You've made up for that in spades. Well, that I am never going to let you down again ever. I know. Ever. I know. And I also know that things that happened in the past, they're where they should be. Good. So let's close the door on them, okay? Consider that done. Shut, locked, bolted. Good. So here we are. Jack and Carly. That's right. Jack and Carly. What now? I want you. I need to feel your skin next to mine. I need to feel your heart beating like it So, you know, doc, if you're going to rearrange my face, can you turn me into Jennifer Lopez? Sorry, madam. I'm not a magician. I'm a mad doctor. (Rose-laughs) you know, I've always wanted to say that to you. Oh, fantastic. And besides, I don't want Jennifer Lopez. Oh, you know, all men want J.Lo. They just settle for something else. That's all. If Jennifer comes in here right now, she throws herself at your feet? I would I'd yawn, and I'd keep talking to you. Yeah. You'd better, because you know what'd happen? She'd have a big fat eye and fat lip like her big fat See, that's what I love about you. What, my obnoxious mouth? No, you're tough. You're tough. You say what you feel, no that make you beautiful. You're a sweet talker. Yeah? Yeah. I am glad that this sweet talker is here, right here next to me. Because I need you. You never thought you'd hear me say that, did you? You know, you're my rock. And through all this craziness, I know that, even if this doesn't work out, this is still going to be there. Yeah, you and me. I'm getting mushy here, but I got to say one more thing I got to thank you thank you for sticking by me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Shh. Rose, I'm all ready if you are. Okay. Bring it on And you two, no making jokes about things you're pointing to that I can't see, okay? All right? Oh, boy. Paul? Yeah, I'm right here. to work out? How's that? Because if, for some reason, I wake up and I'm still old, then I'm going to have Dr. Bob put 20 years on that kisser. And we'll match. Bookends. You've got a deal. No more worries. No more doubts. You had doubts? No, not not doubts, exactly. I just couldn't help thinking about Julia. It's over, Carly. I know. I know it is. But I also know how much pain she caused you, Jack. So I wouldn't have blamed you if you held something back. If you wanted to straighten things out. You have straightened me out. I don't think it can be that simple. Okay, didn't we just agree to put the past behind us, hmm? I am sticking to that. No more talk about the past. Or Craig. He's probably at home licking his wounds. And I imagine he has quite a few wounds, too. I went at him tonight with both barrels. What do you mean? Well, I wanted to make sure he knows what a superficial louse I think he is. And you know Craig he is absolutely so full of himself that that's the only way you can get the message across. (Jack-sighs) What? Listen, you know, Montgomery's a pain in the butt. Nobody knows that more than me. And I am so glad that you told him that you were off-limits. Yeah, but what? Carly I have held something back. Not about Julia. About Craig, and what he did. I haven't been totally up front about him. Why? I I don't know. Maybe I was feeling a little shaky about you and me. I missed you so much, and I got home. But I think after you hear what Craig did while you were away, you might think you were a little too hard on him. Oh, so you think Carly wants her own label? Label? House. Multinational design firm. Celebrity designer of the year. Yeah. I can give her all that. (Craig-sighs) Yeah, well good luck. I tried. You failed because you couldn't stage that coup at worldwide that was supposed to give you funding. You must read the papers. You think I increase my millions by chasing boys all day? She won't accept. You want to bet? I'd love to. She won't take a dime. I'm not talking about a dime. I'm talking about staking her to her own multimillion-dollar empire, which I can make happen like that. She doesn't have to pay off Peter to pay Paul. She doesn't have write a little check, and it's done. She'll laugh in your face. Ah, she'll hate me. She'll curse at me. She'll rage and call me names. She'll swear she's only doing it to help Parker. But she'll take it. And then she'll be in your debt? You'll be able to lord it over your trailer-trash sister? You have a very nasty streak, Montgomery. You have no idea. (Jack-laughing) I'm sorry, Jack. Maybe it's the way you do that thing you just did but are you sure you want to talk about Craig Montgomery right now? No. But we have to. Listen from the moment you disappeared in Paris, he kind of made it his mission to help us find you. He phoned me at the station, showed up at the station all hours of the night or day. Wrote articles in The Intruder. enforcement doing to find the three disappearing women? " He's such a ham. He probably had a video camera following him the whole time. No. It wasn't just showboating, Carly. It was he cares about you. I know, I know. The guy annoys the living hell out of me, and if he does anything to come between the two of us again, he's toast. But the fact is there's a heart in there somewhere, or something that resembles a heart. Anyway, I'd be lying to you if I didn't tell you that he never stopped trying to help us find you and bring you home. So so Craig is not a total schemer. I've always known that, and now you know it. I'm glad. But, really, Jack, you should have heard the stories he was trying to sell me. That he saved your life. That he was on some airplane, (Jack-sighs) It's all true. What? Craig did get me out of a few bad scrapes. And he saved my life. Twice. How? Well, the first one was when he insisted on following me to Fairings. And we worked out way down the cellar. Stairway gave out. He pulls me out of the rubble. The second time was with Julia. He showed up and managed to get me away from her. Actually, it was his delaying her that saved my life. And he got zapped with a stun gun for his trouble. I always had him pegged as a coward, but truth is he put his life on the line. And we might not have found you as quickly as we did or at all, for that matter if it hadn't been for some of the things that he pushed for. (Carly-sighs) I can't believe I'm hearing this. It's all true. So what are (Jack-laughs) That part's up to you. You know, you didn't have to tell me any of this. You know that. Yes, I know that. Listen, I don't lose any sleep over Craig Montgomery. I just want everything between us to be on the up and up. Hmm. (Carly-sighs) I hate him. No. No, you don't. You wish you did, but you don't. And neither do I. Did I just say that out loud? Mm-hmm. (Both-laughing) Don't tell me you approve of what I did. Don't you stand there and say you're happy that I handed Bridget and Michele over to their grandmother. Well, it doesn't work like that. I mean, I can't judge you. All I can do is look into my heart. And my heart says that whatever sacrifice it is that you made, you made because it was the best thing for I don't know, Jake. I don't. Didn't you think that some huge battle between you and Donna would tear them apart? I don't want to hurt them. I didn't want them to feel like they don't belong here or there. You know, I know what it's like to grow up like that. And I couldn't bear to see them in the situation where they feel like they're torn between two different families, two different places. And I also thought, you know, what if I do? What if I wage this huge war, and I lose? Then I've put these two little angels in the middle of just misery for no reason. And above all I've made them afraid to love Donna and afraid to love me. Well, there you go. You've answered your own question. You you loved them more. More? More. More than your own life to keep them. You love them so much that you're you love them so much that you're willing to let them go. And in the big book of love, that's all there is. Oh, Jake So now I'm supposed to read you the riot act. But I can't. You know why I can't? Because I would actually be singing your praises, and I just can't carry a tune. (Molly-laughs) Damn it. What am I going to do without you? You don't know what you're in for, Montgomery. Let me guess. (Knock-at-door) Daddy? Are you in there? Oh oh I forgot my key. It's Lucy. Dear God, it's Lucy. Get dressed. (Knock-at-door) Daddy, are you there? Just a minute, lullaby. What am I supposed to do? Crawl out on the ledge? Wait in . Okay? I'll be in. Now just go. (Craig-sighs) Are you okay? What took you so long? I was distracted. Come on. I think I left my key in my room. I didn't want to bother the front desk for another. That's all right. I was waiting for you, anyway. You kind of dumped me at the memorial. Are you all right? Yeah. I I talked to Holden's son. Luke? No, the other one. The one you told me was Abigail's brother? Yeah, Aaron. So what'd you think? I don't know. (Knock-at-door) he's okay. (Knock-at-door) Oh, please, let it not be Katie. This feels funny. What, your face? Is it okay? No, my head. You know what, just keep talking to me until I fall asleep, okay? What, I don't know oh, you know what? I do know. Tell me a story. What kind of a story? Tell me the story of us. The best part of my entire life was you and me. What am I going to do without you? No you're probably going to cry a lot, wear black and get used to people looking at you like you are going to fall apart any minute. I am going to fall apart any minute No, you're not going to fall apart. Every time you feel like you're going to fall apart, you're going to feel like you're getting a little stronger then some nimrod's going to come along and say, " hey, how's that stud husband of yours? " And then you'll feel like you're going to fall apart all over again. I hope this gets cheerier, Jake. It does. It does spandex and start exercising. That's the part I'm dying for excuse the expression. Then you're going to pull a hamstring. You're going to pull a hamstring and you're going to be lying there and you're going to get up on your one good thigh, and you're going to realize what's really important. And what counts. The people I love. The people that need you. And the people that count on you. And the people who can't can't be disappointed because you went through a little heartbreak. Little? It's like a bomb went off inside me. There was a time that I felt that way, too. And then someone came along, which brings me to you. Huh-uh, huh-uh. Take it from someone who lived it. When you realize when you realize how many people need you - whether that takes months or years - then you're going to realize that you I need you When those needs get strong enough, then you're going to be strong enough. You're going to be strong enough to let someone into your life that listens and understands. Are you going to stand there with your mouth hanging open or are you going to invite me in? Hi, Luce. Carly, hi. Wow you look beautiful. Nobody'd ever know you were in the hospital or anything. Thanks, I feel a lot better, too. Daddy was so worried about you. Isn't it great how everything turned out? I didn't want to intrude, I just wanted to talk to you about earlier tonight. I know I said some hurtful things, in fact, that's why I couldn't wait until morning. I wouldn't be able to sleep if I didn't set it right. I was just going to bed. So, good-night, Carly. Good-night. ' this is unexpected. Can I offer you a drink? No, no. No, thanks. I'm I won't stay long. Parker's at home Okay. Well, I'm glad you came by, I'd like to think that what was said tonight wasn't the final words between us. Right. Hey, I acted on impulse tonight. I said some things that I didn't think them through. Your thoughts weren't well composed? That's an apology? You are not going to make this easy for me, are you? Well, Craig, when you came to see me and you started going on and on about all these things you had done for me. You saved Jack's life. Well, I Yes? I didn't believe you. You didn't believe me because you didn't think I was capable of it or because it interfered with your fantasy of Jack saving the day came here to apologize to you. Don't start taunting me about Jack. You acted as if I'd never meant anything to you. You came in, made this entrance parading around on Jack's arm. See, I knew this was a mistake. Coming here was a big mistake. Well, yes, because you didn't come here to apologize, you came here with this bag of guilt you wanted to dump. What do you want from me? A little honesty. Hey, I'm honest. Well, if you really want to apologize you can start with a little admission. And what do I possibly have to admit to you? That whether or not you wish to admit it, that I am in your system, and I always will be. It's tearing me up, Jake. You got a quarter in your pocket? (Molly-sobbing) I got two. Oh, wait, four. that quarter over there in that jukebox. Pick out some nice slow music. Yeah, well, it's going to have to be slow because I'm a little bit wobbly. Well, you remind me you remind me that no one wobbles quite like you. You asked me when there'll come a time when I grow tired of you never, my love never, my love I can't feel you, Jake. This heart of mine will lose its desire for you never, my love I want you to just close your eyes. What makes you think love will end when you know that my whole life depends on you, on you You say you fear I'll change my mind that I won't require you Can you feel me now? (Molly-sobbing) Yeah. Yeah, I can feel you. I can feel you. How can you think love will end when I've asked you to spend your whole life There once was hey. You said you wanted me to talk, right? Do you want to talk Sorry. Okay. There once was a man a very, very handsome man Mm-hmm. Who came from Paris, with his heart tucked safely away because it had been wounded too many times. And at an airport in a dusty Midwestern town, a town where nothing is ever supposed to happen, he was rescued from his loneliness by an angel from New Jersey with dark, soulful eyes and a voice like a voice like crunchy cereal and a wardrobe straight out of Cyndi Lauper's closet. Oh, thank you. But she found his heart. Only cold, hidden. And she held it in her delicate hands and breathed life into it. Don't stop. She breathed life into his broken heart and made it whole. You think that I'm interested in you? After everything that happened before I left and everything nerve, you know that? Well, this morning you thought I was a coward. So which is it, Carly? Well, you just keep sticking to the same old ideas, don't you? You and me? It's like a piece of chewed gum that's stuck to the bottom of my shoe, and I can't get it off. You know, if you weren't interested in me, you wouldn't get yourself all worked up like this. (Carly-laughs) Yes, I'm worked up. That's ridiculous. No, what is ridiculous is that you live your life trying to deny what you really feel. Oh, get get over yourself. When I get over you. Hey, at least I can admit it. And you know what else I think? I think, when you're with me, you fight the impulse to jump into my arms. Really? Well, tell me, then . What we have scares you. No, Craig when are you going to get this? There is no " we. " Well, there could be if you weren't too proud to admit it. You are certifiable. Do you know that? You and Julia ought to wear matching straitjackets and share that padded cell. Well, maybe I am. But I have never been afraid to let you know that, aside from Lucy, there was no one else in my life, no one in my heart. Montgomery? Are you coming to bed, or what? Oh that's nice. This is exquisite. Sorry. I heard Lucy go to her room, and I wondered where you were. That's all right. So you want to come to bed? No, Lucy's home. Maybe another time. Not likely. 
Simon, it's not here. What if Dahlia has it? Oh, my God. What if she's inside right now, and she just left? Hey, hey, slow down, okay? It's all right. No need to panic. Here it is, safe and sound. I thought our little vacation was supposed to chill you out a bit. Our time away was heaven. And there was nothing chilly about it. I know. I don't think I'll ever look at maple syrup the same way ever again. I hate this. What? Our beautiful home has been invaded. How dare Dahlia put a bug in our house. How dare she try to listen to everything that we say, every specific, private conversation. I just hate the thought of her being in these woods and watching us. I know. I know how you feel. When we left the hotel, I was wondering why we were even bothering to come back here? ' Cause tonight, we're putting an end to all of this. No. No. No more. Please Carly? Please, my face. Can't stand it Honey, you're safe. No You're lying No, I can't I won't I can't Carly, honey. Hey. It's okay. Everything is everything's okay. Oh, it was a dream. Thank God. Yes, it was. You're safe now. Hey. I was at the spa. And Weston was there, and he was wrapping me in that gauze. Here, give me your hands. Give me your hands. Right there. Huh? What do you feel? My face. Right. My skin. My age-appropriate skin. That's correct. And you are going to get old for a very, very long time. alongside you going bald. I'm glad that's funny. Thank you. I needed that. I guess I'm just on overload after last night. Oh, gee. You think? Oh, I don't know getting my old face back. Making an entrance at Jake's memorial. Nothing to get too excited about. You left out catching Rosanna at Craig's wearing next to nothing. And that freaked me out. I have to say, the thought of them together You know, not on an empty stomach. Please. Sorry. Hey. You know, does it really matter what Craig and Rosanna do with, or to, each other? It could. Rosanna is looking for a way to hurt me, Jack. And knowing her, she'll find one, eventually. Hi. This'll just take a moment. I just wanted to, you know, clear the air about don't understand why you're so mad at me. Well, Carly came all the way over here to apologize, and right in the middle of it, you had to come prancing out, wearing practically nothing. You didn't find the littlest bit of humor in that? Well, sure. But it was also malicious. It was devious It was a whim It was a moment of madness. I thought you liked that in a woman. I do. But I also don't like being used in that way. All right. I apologize. And I promise, in future, to remain fully clothed in your presence at all times. (Craig-chuckles) Oh, hi, Ms. Cabot. Is this a bad time? No. For you, there is no such thing. A little late, huh? I stopped off at grandmother's to pick up my riding boots. Yeah? Would it be better no. Rosanna was just leaving. Yes, yes, I was. Well, this has been super-duper fun as always, and try not to worry about that little incident. It won't be a problem. Why, are you going to fix it? Yes. Will tonight be soon enough? Bye, Lucy. Parker upstairs? I like to check in with him when I get home. No. Actually, he had a play date after school. Really? With some kid named Barry I didn't even know he was friends with. I'm completely out of touch with his life. Oh, come on, Carly. How could you be in touch with his life? You you were kidnapped. Your life was in danger. Your appearance was changed. You can't just bounce back from Well, he needs me, Jack. He needs me now. I can't dwell on all that . But the best thing that you can do for him right now is to take care of yourself. Come on. That means eating. When was the last time you ate? I don't know. I All right, all right. That settles it. I am going to go pick up Parker, and then I'm going to pick up a large pizza, big-time pizza. Onions, peppers, mushrooms. See, I knew you were hungry. You just relax. You are a full-service operation, aren't you? (Jack-laughs) I guess all I need now is a way to get Rosanna out of Oakdale. Okay, I thought we weren't going to think about that. I know. But you didn't see her come out of Craig's bedroom last night, Jack. She had this look on her face like, " I'm coming to get you, Carly " All right. Rosanna is, at most is going to decide to leave, and then you won't have to deal with her ever again. Maybe. Or maybe she'll decide to stick around and torture me for the rest of her life and mine. What, just for fun? Honey, people don't do that. It's payback, Jack. And in some ways, I can't even blame her. Okay. I'm listening. When I first came to Oakdale, I came for one reason, Jack. To make her life miserable. And I succeeded. I did it. Over and over and over again. It's not something I'm particularly proud of. But I can't change it. It was a long time ago, honey. People move on. Right. I know. Maybe I'm not the same person I was then. But I really don't think Rosanna cares about that. She has waited a very long time for revenge, Now she's out to get it. She is one woman. What can she do? She's smart. She's loaded. And now she has Craig for a partner. Believe me, Jack she'll come up with something. Listen, you have been scared for too long. And I don't want that for you anymore. I don't want you to worry about what Rosanna or Craig or anyone else is going to do to you. Let's stay positive and focus on getting you strong again, day by day. I know. You're right. First things first. Like picking up my son and bringing him home so I can hug him and squeeze until he begs for mercy. Yes, yes, I will do that. I will do that. In the meantime, you get that gorgeous naked body into that nice, hot tub. Hmm? Okay. (Jack-laughs) oh, Jack Parker had that green sweatshirt with it home. I'll get I'm on it. I'm on it. You got to relax. Okay. You know something? Oh, you're killing me. All of those months, when I dreamed of being back with you, this is exactly what I was dreaming about. The two of us, together. Making a life, taking care of each other. Mm. You know, I shouldn't have said anything about that naked body of yours. I've worked myself into a state. Not to worry. It'll come in handy later. Good afternoon. Craig Montgomery's suite, please. Yes, hello? Daddy? Is everything okay? Yeah. I was expecting a call. From Carly? No. Business. It was incredible seeing her last night. She looked so beautiful. Yeah, that she did. That she did. Do you think you two business, but is it going okay? Everything is fine, and the only person I'm interested in right now is you. Speaking of which, what do you say about having a little dinner with your old man? You can choose the restaurant. I'd love to, daddy, but I already made plans. You made plans? I'm going to uncle Holden's to do some riding. I won't be out late, so you don't have to worry. I always worry. Now, what made you decide to do this? Aunt Lily invited me, and I don't want to be rude. And that's all there is to it. Who're you going with? No one. Alison Stewart doesn't ride? Alison Stewart and I aren't exactly speaking at the moment. So, if she calls, please don't tell her where I am, okay? Lullaby you know And it's also okay for them to make up. I know. I just need a little space right now. Well, a little space is fine. But I want you to have a social life. I don't want you to spend as much time alone as you did in Montega. I won't be, daddy. Count on it. Hey, Aaron. We're heading over to Mabel's. Thought maybe you might want to come along. No, thanks. I've got to get this gear box back together. Oh. Well, they're having the special. Right? The chili and cheese and guacamole and onions. That's okay. You guys got a big enough crowd waiting, anyway. Actually, Luke and Faith are going to be eating with momma. So it would be just the three of us. You got to eat, anyway, so why don't you just come along? . You guys have a good time. Oh, thanks. He knew. Yeah. How did he know? We weren't exactly subtle about not taking no for an answer. No. Trust me, he knew it was a cover for something way too serious. All right, then we have to be more direct .' Cause he can't go on like this. He needs direction in his life. I agree. And we'll do something. Tie him down in order to get him to listen. We'll do something. I am beginning to understand Aaron more and more. Mm, how do you mean? This bike is to Aaron what horses were to me. It's an escape. A way out. A place to put your talent and your energy. Something that you think you can control. Something that just seems to make sense. What are you saying? Give him more time, moren't expect him to live up to our expectations of what we think he should be. Otherwise, he'll get right on his bike and drive it right out of our lives. No. That's not going to happen. I like having him around. I enjoy being a father to him. He is very lucky. I think we're both very lucky. Hey were you serious about going over to Mabel's? Or was that just a fraud for Aaron? Are you kidding me? Of course This baby loves hot dogs. With chili and guacamole and onions. Mabel's red hots, it is. Okay. Don't worry I have a whole pack of antacids in my pocket. All right, it was supposed to be a romantic getaway, just the two of us, you know? A chance to get our marriage back on track. But, no, you practically jumped out of your skin every that's just because I had to get settled down a little bit. But, no, everything has to be your way. Ah, oh, please. Nothing is my way anymore, Katie. And I know the reason why. Yeah, because you're so hotheaded that you can't control your emotions No, no It's because you don't trust me anymore Yeah, I don't trust you anymore, Simon. And you know what? I don't think I'll ever trust you again. Well, I'm glad to hear you finally say it out loud. Not that there's been any questions. Because you haven't trusted me for months I tried so many times. But you know what? It came to a point where I had to protect myself. From what? You. Look, I have never, ever harmed you. Or I never would harm you. Well, Dahlia says different. Right? Oh, you can't blame what happened while we were away on Dahlia. You know it's your fault Why? What did I do? You forced me onto that sailboat. How could you do that? It was a romantic weekend, Katie It was it was a beautiful day. There was about to be a storm There were three clouds, Katie. Big, fluffy white ones. Oh, well, come on. You have to think about the fact that I was scared because that's what had happened to Monique. And well, what else could I have done but jump off the boat? And who tried to save you, huh? Who who dove into that water, fully clothed, and swam with you to shore? Well who knew how did I know that you weren't going to drown me or something? If those people had, Katie. I did not kill Monique. I did not kill Dahlia or that lawyer. And most of all, I do not want to kill you. Well, Simon, I don't know what to say. I've made up my mind. I can't live like this. I want you to get out What you're asking me to leave? Yeah. Get all of your things, and get out get out of here. Because, in the morning, I'm filing for a divorce Uncle Holden? Are you here? He and Lily went out to dinner. Oh. Hi. I'm sorry am I interrupting? No. I needed a break, anyway. Does Holden know you were coming? I talked to Lily on the phone, and she said I could come by. But we didn't really set a specific time or anything. I don't know maybe I you know, it was nice looking at you and - seeing you again, saying hello. I'm going to go. Lucy, wait. They should be back pretty soon. Maybe you can hang out here or something till they come back and pick up the kids? Hang out? Here? Well, why not? Well, there's nobody here. There's me. Right. And you've got a problem with that. No. No, of course not. It's just, by the time Holden gets back, it'll be too late to ride. And you've got your bike to fix. And I've got my homework to do. And I've got some cold sodas in the cooler. And some towels for your shoes. My shoes? What, did I step in something? Well, you know we have horses here. Yeah, but usually I'm pretty careful. on, stay. Okay. Hey, Jack? Did you get pa what the hell are you doing here? Um I'm waiting to see you. I rang the bell And then you broke in? Well, no, the door was open. That's not the same as an invitation, Rosanna. I'm sorry. I apologize. I just thought that perhaps the two of us should sit down and, you know, talk. Oh, good. I will look forward to that. Oh, good. Why don't you call me tomorrow? We'll set something up. Well, actually, you know, I'm here now. So couldn't we just sort of sit down and have a little visit, like sisters? Perhaps I'm not making myself clear. Get out. Stay out. I'm here now. So if we could just not put this I don't have to have dinner with you. I just want to tell you my plans. I really don't give a hoot what your plans are. Unless, of course, they involve taking a plane out of Oakdale. Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you. But it looks like I won't be leaving Oakdale for a very long time. Those are your plans? To stay here and torture me? Well, that's not how I would put it. Then tell me. Tell me how you would put it. For a number of reasons, I have decided to relocate. Uh-huh. Well, I thought that, when Parker came back with me or went back to his father, you were going to go back to wherever you came from. What changed your mind? I like it here. Is that so difficult to understand? Well, what about Cabot Motors, Rosanna? Who's going to take have a competent staff. There are cell phones, fax machines I'm sure it won't be a problem. Oh, I thought you loved the company. I do. It's the last link to my father, but it doesn't have to be the absolute center of my life. I'm not quite as compulsive as I used to be. I simply would like a personal life. I've been without one for too long. And am I the first person to get this good news, or have you shared it with your new boyfriend? Craig is not my boyfriend. What you saw last night What I saw last night, Rosanna, was just the beginning. He will take from you whatever he can, and then he will walk away without looking back. Oh, I thought you were friends. In fact, Craig has suggested that you were more than that once. Of course he has. I don't is, Craig Montgomery doesn't care about anybody but Craig Montgomery. He has hurt every single woman he's been involved with, and he will do the same thing to you. Perhaps I should tell you that I left Craig's suite right after you did. I don't care. I don't care if the two of you went prancing stark naked through the lobby. I'm only telling you as a public service. You know, I haven't been intimate with him. In fact, I'm not sure what I want from Craig. Well, it isn't about what you want, you see? He's going to make it about what he wants. Well, what he wants right now is a little consolation. He's been very worried and upset about you. And frankly, so have I. So we've had an automatic connection between us. Ah, yes. Two lost souls, pulled together out of concern for may weep. Or laugh out loud. I'm not sure which. I'm not saying that there isn't a strong attraction there. It just came as a complete surprise to both of us. I'm sure it did. I guess what puzzles me is why you didn't mention this strong attraction as the primary reason you're staying on in our little homespun town. Well ,' cause it's not. I know damn good and well it's not. You're staying because you want something from me. So why don't you just come out and tell me what it is? I am here to appeal to the side of you, Craig, that might crank up some empathy about what Carly is going through. Is she all right? When she's not being awaken out of her sleep by a nightmare, yes. Carly may look like her old self, but inside, it's going to take some time. Well, then no, it's funny, that's all. Because hooking up with her sister really doesn't seem like the best way to demonstrate your unqualified support. Why, Jack who I hook up with is none of your business. Only as it relates to Carly. Come on, Craig. You know how she feels about Rosanna. And you must know that seeing the two of you together it's going to get to her. Carly jealous, is she? See, this is not about jealousy, Craig. Oh, then what is it about? Carly knows Rosanna will stop at nothing to get back at her. And maybe it's occurred to her that you're nursing a little resentment of your own. I mean, can you blame her for not being too excited about seeing the two of you team up? Jack, you insult me. Carly knows I would never do anything to hurt her. she's going to be a little shaky right now. Listen, I know it galls the hell out of you that we are back together. But you've always said that you wanted to see Carly happy. Huh? Prove it, Craig. Why, Jack I do believe you have made my day. What's the matter? Everything okay? Yeah. I just wish that we were able to get Aaron to come along with us. Don't blame him for being cautious, though. Especially after all those years of only seeing him once in a blue moon. They add up. Okay, there was nothing deliberate about that. That was you had an arrangement. You can't undermine Julie and Caleb. It's a delicate situation. Yeah, but he's here now. And he obviously has no idea what he wants to do with his life. And I don't know him well enough in order to help him out don't have a job, no school, no friends. He needs structure. Yeah. Right. So what do I do? I sit him down. I say, " son, your life needs some structure. " You know what I would've said at his age to anyone who would've told me that? Yes, I do. I can't repeat it, but he's drifting. He needs boundaries, you know? All kids need boundaries in their life. No doubt you remember how much you and I loved boundaries. Crossing them. Ah, what did we know? I think we knew a lot. But you're right. Aaron is drifting. But we have to be very careful about how we handle this structure thing. We can't just demand that he go back to school. We can't ship him back to Seattle. And I know that you're not suggesting that. No, all I'm All kids need to be needed. Then they step to the plate. I'm watching Lucy, right, at Jake's mem I forgot about Lucy. What? She called last night, said she wanted to go riding. I said you'd meet her there. I forgot. Oh, no. All right. We should go. Well, maybe I can still meet her. Let me get the check. Excuse me, can I get the check, please? Tell you what I'll do I'll drop you off at home, and then I'll head out to the farm. Maybe you can talk to Aaron, too. Oh, you mean about the responsibility lecture? Listen you're helping him, not hurting him. He needs something else in his life other than a motorcycle. He needs something or someone. You really love that machine, don't you? It's okay to get one of those Japanese babies, a ninja. A ninja? Cool. Have you seen them? Not exactly, but they sound really cool. You don't know much about motorcycles, do you? I know they're noisy. What did Alison think? About what? The motorcycle. You were going to show it to her. She wanted to see it. Oh, we never got around to it. After we left Java, I told her I had a lot of stuff to do. I didn't feel like hanging out. Oh that's weird. I kind of thought you guys hit it off. You did? Yeah, she's nice. I guess. She's like a lot of girls. Is that a bad thing? What do you want me to say? Well, nothing. I just was wondering what your criteria are for deciding whether you like serious, just like Alison said. Alison does not know me. Neither do you. I didn't say I did. You said I was serious like it was some disease you didn't want to catch. I wasn't trying to insult you. Just because I get my assignments in on time does not mean that I don't like to laugh and have fun and go to parties. Okay. All I'm saying is that you don't have to be some dull study freak just because you want to get into a good college. Yeah, and a good college to you would be I don't know. Harvard, I guess. Or Wellesley, if I'm lucky. Lucky? Give me a break. You've got it written all over you. There you go again. You don't know what I'm like. You don't know one thing about me. Yeah, I do to you is a b-plus. You know what, Aaron? You're right. Nothing bad has ever happened to me. I'm just the luckiest girl in the world. Hey what are you getting so bent out of shape for? I don't know, maybe I just started missing my brother all of a sudden. He died, and now I don't have a brother anymore. How lucky is that? Don't make this harder than it already is, okay? Okay Just get out. Get out now I will have someone fix the banister, and I'll put this place on the market. And I will forget that I ever knew you. And maybe, just maybe someday I will forget that I ever loved you. And what if I say no? Well, then I'll just have to get the police involved and you wouldn't want that. That would be another investigation huh? They won't they couldn't prove anything before, and they're not going to be able to prove anything now. Not that you care about that, huh? No, I don't care. Just get out All right, Katie. I'll leave. But I warn you, okay I'll be back. That was good. I'm going to drive up the road, stash the car, then walk back here so I can keep an eye on the house. From there, I'll give Margo a call, okay? Do you think that Dahlia's going to make a move now? If she does, I'm going to be right there. Are you going to be okay while I'm gone? Yeah. I love you. I love you, too. Okay. (Car-starts) Hey, I'm a jerk. I'm real sorry. No, I'm sorry. You did should. When did he die? Last fall. I was on a school trip, and my mom didn't tell me till a few days later. There was nothing I could I mean, I didn't really get a chance to say good-bye or anything. That's rough. Yeah. He was my best friend. I bet he felt the same about you. You must miss him a lot. What about you? There must be people you miss, too. Seattle's a long way from here. I wouldn't say I miss it, though. What happened that made you want to come here? Are we supposed to be trading sad stories? Because I really don't feel like competing. Look, I wasn't trying to Lucy, hey Lily sends her apologies. I would've been here sooner, but she forgot to tell me that you were coming over here. It's or anything, so Well, we're really sorry. Don't worry about it. I saddled up Abigail's horse, if you still want to take that ride. Sure. Thanks. He's outside. Well thanks again. How was Mabel's? Mabel's was fine. Still wish that you could've come along with us, though. To tell you the truth, I'm not that crazy about hot dogs. Yeah, well, we weren't going to take you there for the cuisine. We wanted you to come along because we wanted to talk to you. Yeah? About what? About your future. I knew you would want to get back at me eventually, Rosanna. But I've got news for you it ain't going to work. I don't do that. I don't get back at people. Oh? And I do, right 's not forget my best work, okay ?' Cause I really socked it to you, didn't I? Had an affair with the love of your life. I even got pregnant with his baby. Let's not dredge all that up again. Oh, why not? I'm the champ, aren't I? After all, I'm the one who had Hal Munson's baby and passed him off as John Dixon's. Are you forgetting who you're up against here? No, I'm not. But I'm not dwelling on it. Why are you? Because maybe I have learned that in order to learn something from your mistakes, you have to admit them. And I admit it already, okay? When I first came to Oakdale, I was terrible. I was vindictive. I was a little girl, okay? I admit it. But I am not a little girl anymore. I can see that. I am not jealous of you. I do not envy you. I do not envy anything you have, not your money especially not your money. If the last few months have taught me anything, they've taught me what's truly important about life. Being Parker's mother is important. Being with Jack is important. Now, you've already tried to take Parker away from me, and that didn't work. I certainly hope you are not going to try to take Jack away from me. I am not trying to take anything away. Whatever you say. Leaving so soon? Do you ever hear from Mike? Of course I don't. That's funny ,' cause I don't either. So I guess the past is over, at least for me. Oh, come on, Simon. You must be back by now I hope. I'm not saying that you need to make a major no rush. Lily and I, we don't want to put any pressure on you. We know that you're still getting adjusted to living here. It's not like it's a major adjustment. I'm pretty comfortable. Good. Good, that's good. Well, maybe we can talk about making some plans. About what? Well, I don't know. Maybe I should ask you. You just said that you're feeling a little bit more comfortable here. What do you plan on doing with your time? How are you going to divide it up? Well, I still have some more work on my bike. Right. Uh, that'll take some time. And then, if I have some more free time, I'll probably go swimming in the pond if it gets hot. Yeah. Well, I was thinking about something a little more long-range. You're not a kid anymore. I was work toward. And by " goal, " you mean " job. " Not necessarily. Then it's okay, then, because I'm thinking long-range, too. And as far as my future goes, I think I'm pretty well covered. So what is this about a sleep over? Well, Barry's mom was very impressed with your son. I mean, look at him. He's a ladies' man. And she said that whenever he wants, he could sleep over. Really? I think maybe it's a little early to start with the sleep overs, don't you? Well, I don't know about that. I had a little convo with him in the car on the ride home, and he said that he thinks he can handle it on one condition, of course. What's that? That he can come home if he gets scared. Of course you can. why don't you go wash your hands for dinner, buddy, okay? I love that kid. He's so grown up. I know. So, why don't you tell me what's wrong? Is it that obvious? Well Rosanna came by earlier. And guess what? She's decided to move back to Oakdale. Are you serious? Yes, I'm serious. Okay, listen listen, honey, I know I know that plays into everything you were worried about, but think about it. Seriously, what could she do to us? Not a thing. We have each other, and we have Parker. If Rosanna's got some kind of grand plan Oh, she does, too. She does have a master plan. But it doesn't matter to me what it is, because there is no way in hell I am going to let her win. Well, the little message Who knew it would be you? Free for dinner? I thought you were mad at me. I was. But what's a little linen between friends? Where would you like to go? With you? Nowhere, thanks. What did I miss? A touching family encounter between Carly and me. You went to see her? Yes, I went to tell her that she had nothing to fear from me. But she's such a prisoner of her own guilt, she wouldn't believe that I didn't want to get back at her. That's the world she lives in. It's pretty sad, really. Well now, if she was angry, it wasn't it wasn't guilt. No? No, she's jealous She saw you here and saw red or should I say green? So Carly's smoldering with jealousy? Yes. And that certainly puts a smile the thing about smoldering is that all it needs is one little puff, and the amber turns into a three-alarm blaze. (Knock-at-door) Simon, that better be you. Dahlia? Katie, there's not a moment to lose. You've got to come with me. Hurry 
Yes, I find Henry a little aggravating. But now that he's partners with us in this detective agency, I'm gon na have to learn to live with him. Well, you can try, but no one's ever succeeded. What can I get you folks to drink? Do you want no, nothing. We're fine. We're gon na order dinner any second now. It's on the house. What's the occasion? Some big shot's buying rounds for everyone. Hey, hey, hey, hey Okay, will you guys hurry up? My mother's gon na be here any minute. Hey, don't blame us. You're the one who had to have the custom-made sign. And are you sure " Welcome to your new life? " It almost sounds like we're rubbing it in that she didn't win the election. At a surprise party, no less, which some people don't even like been through a very, very difficult time. And she's gotten through it with grace and dignity. And, to me, that deserves to be celebrated. So, trust me, this party is exactly what she needs. Thank you. You need to stop worrying. No one is ever gon na see that tape of us together. Paul Ryan's seen it. And I have no indication that he can be trusted. I told you, I've I've taken care of that. Well, have the tape and all copies been destroyed? No. Then the potential for disaster still exists. Listen, I I got ta go. I have to follow up on an arrest warrant. And after that? After that, I'm going home. I'll meet you there. No, I don't think that's a good idea. Why, will Bonnie be home? No, You said you were ready for a real relationship. I've been feeling the same way for weeks. We've wasted enough time already. Let's not deny ourselves any longer. Okay. You can come by. I'll make some tea, and we'll talk. We'll take it at your pace. I'll see you shortly. How is he? The best I can say is that he looks peaceful. And you? I have bruises on my neck where my unconscious son rose up and tried to strangle me. How should I be? I just spoke to Jessica. She's issuing a warrant for Aaron Snyder. Oh, thank goodness. That boy has to be punished for what he's done to our son. This isn't about Will. It's not? It's about arson. It's about breaking the law. I'm not making this personal, Barbara. I won't you I enrolled in Oakdale Vo-tech? No. No, you never mentioned it. Don't worry, it's not like I want to fix washing machines for the rest of my life. But the judge said if I enrolled, I wouldn't have to report to him. Did you hear that? No. I thought I heard something. I can't see anything. The Oakdale P.D. isn't that swift. It'll probably take them a couple of hours to figure out you're here. Unless Lucy told them, which which she wouldn't do.It's not going to happen. They're trying to pin the fire on me, Alison. And they're not going to give up until they find me. You can turn yourself in. No. Then it'll look like I'm guilty. I'm not gon na do that. Well, this sucks We might as well make the best of it Did you have a blanket? Blanket? To keep warm. Look, Alison, if you're cold, you can go. You've already done enough. You've warned me about me getting arrested. No, that was nothing, Aaron. I'd do anything to help you. I thought you knew that. I'll be happy to answer any questions you have. But if you're expecting me to incriminate Aaron, it's not gon na happen. Well, all I wan na do is talk. As soon as you get uncomfortable, you can ask me to leave. All right, leave. Lucy, come on, that's not acceptable. Detective Jack is trying to be courteous. You should try to be the same. What do you want to talk about? I wan na know if there was anything you left out during your last conversation with the Police. There isn't. Well something you didn't think was I know what you're trying to do, so you might as well just stop. What am I trying to do? You want to know if Aaron said anything about being a hero. You want to know if he said, " Gee, maybe if I burn down the family barn and rescue a couple of kids, I'll get to stay in sunny Oakdale. " The answer's no. You got that, detective? No If it's too difficult for you, I can write it down Lucy I'm sorry, daddy, but being polite just isn't working, so I'm trying something else. Nice threads, Henry. Very what do you reckon? Fall 2001. Oh, you like it, kid? I'll get you one. No, I think I'll give my stylist one more chance. And I have to say, it all the people in this lounge. What's going on? Yeah, how're you doing? Well, you know, I I find philanthropy very rewarding, Katie. I don't want to make a habit of it, but for one day, it's not too bad. Where did you get the cash, Henry? Our first client. We have a client? When did that happen? Well, let's see, I think it was when you were busy criticizing my name for our little company and our logo. I think I was out busy getting our first client, who not only paid us well, paid us in cash. All right, what did you have to do to get that money? Oh, maybe I don't want to know. It's already done. Case closed. The bar's open. Wait, hold on a second. Is this client that woman that you met here at the Your powers of observation are matched only by your unrelieved perkiness. And your talent for attracting trouble is just as annoying as it always was. Meaning what? Meaning that woman happens to be Rosanna Cabot. Of Cabot Motors, one of the wealthiest women in the Midwest. I recognized her, guys. You underestimate me. You don't know the half of it. What you didn't realize, though, is that Rosanna is my brother's girlfriend. I don't want to date her, Katie. I just want to tap that vein and draw off some of that money. Lucy, flying into a rage isn't gon na help anyone. So why don't you just Because I don't want to calm down. (Knocking-at-door) Who is it? Rosanna. Oh, great. Just great. Hello. I was expecting you. Is is something wrong? No. Everything. No, you didn't. You dropped by to get enough information to arrest Aaron for that fire just because of some comment he made to Abigail about being a hero Aaron is my family. I'd be happier knowing he was innocent. Then why are you asking me all these questions? Was it because of you? Did you ask him to do this? You saw an opportunity to hurt Aaron, and you just jumped all over it? No, that's not true. This is Police business, Lucy. Your father had nothing to do with it. You know, if I may inject another perspective Somebody get her out of here She's trying to help. Who? You? Detective Snyder? Because it certainly isn't me or Aaron. Maybe I should come back some other time. I thought you wanted my statement. Wasn't that the whole idea? If you're giving me one . Aren't you gon na write it down? I'll remember it. Fine. I'll do anything to keep him from going to jail for something he didn't do. I don't think you want to say that last part. Put it on the record, detective. If anyone else has a problem with it, they can lock me up, too. Where are you going? To Aaron. No. You know how when you're in junior high and there's all those kids with bad teeth whonever turn in their homework, and then you get to high school and you wonder where they all went? Uh-huh. Well, guess what? Well, they're all at Oakdale Vo-tech. Oh, yeah? Yeah, and I'm one of them. Alison, you're not a loser. If anybody's a loser here, it's me. This is so wrong. you. You've got a better idea? Get in the car and start driving. Blast the radio and sing on the top of our lungs. We can just go until we don't want to go anymore. Then it'll look like I'm running. That's not what I want. Yeah, me neither. But since when do you and I ever get what we want? Lily, I'll bring that ice cream up to you and Faith in a minute I just want to make a few calls, see if I can find Aaron " I won't be back for awhile. Try not to worry. Aaron. " Don't run, please. Not now. Jessica spoke to the judge. He's gon na sign the warrant. As soon as he does, we can bring Aaron in. Does that mean you? It's better if I don't get involved. Hal, did on this? This is Police business, Barbara. I'd appreciate it if you steer clear of it. Jack doesn't have your determination. If Aaron runs, he may not be willing to stop him. I issued the warrant. It will be executed. One way or another, Aaron Snyder will be in jail tonight. Oh, no. She's here She's here Get the lights. Thank you, Judge Larkin. I'll call Lieutenant Munson and let him know we're all set. Great, I'll check in with you tomorrow. Okay. (Cell-phone-rings) Jessica Griffin. It's Marshall. Where are you? Home. I just got here. Well, get that tea going, Jessica. I'll be there shortly. List, maybe we should do this another night. Marshall? Marshall? Surprise What is this? What are you doing here? We're throwing you a Like the sign says, " Welcome to your new life. " Did Rosanna's job have anything to do with my brother or my niece or Carly Tenney? Specifics, Henry? Details give us all the details, even those little parts you always leave out. Now, look, this sounds suspicious like you two don't trust me. No? Your point? I thought this was a partnership. Not one for two and two against one. Rosanna's job? I well, she asked me to look into some stock that her broker was considering buying. And I did some covert investigation and found out that it was a loser. I saved her some money. She was very appreciative. Oh, right. Very covert. What was the name of the stock? WiggingtonElectric and Water and Gas. Yeah, right. We're not buying it. We're not buying that at, Katie, it has nothing to do with your family. And that's all that's important to you, right? How do you know that? She could be setting you up. This time it's about stocks, the next time it's about Craig. Which means we don't do business with her. Guys, she's a gazillionaire. She has gazillionaire friends. I mean, if we get in with her, we can be retired in six weeks. We can be successful without her. From now on, Rosanna Cabot is off limits. I'm not running away, Alison. It doesn't do any good. But you're already hiding out. What's the difference? I'm here because I don't want my family to see me get arrested. Okay? It's not the same as hitting the highway. Okay. I was just trying to help. Well, you can't. Okay go. I thought you needed company. Look, if they find you here, the Police are gon na think you're an accomplice, okay? You're already in trouble. I don't want to make it worse. Does that mean you're worried about me? Something likethat, yeah. I don't care what they do to me, Aaron. I'm gon na stay here as long as you need me to. I don't need you. Oh. Go. Get on out of here before it's too late. Aaron, I'm scared. I don't want you to get hurt. I'll be fine Alison, I didn't start that fire. And I'm not gon na go to jail for it. Yeah. So why are we even worrying about it? I'm not. So, I'll see you soon, okay? Sure. Maybe we can go on a picnic or something in the next couple days, when all this is settled. Sounds like an idea. I'll try to make it work. See ya. Bye. Bye. Aaron needs me right now. I have to go to him. Where are you going? To look for him. I don't know where. I'm sorry, Lucy, I can't let you do that. What are you going to do? Lock me in my room for the rest of my life? No. Only until the Police do their job and arrest Aaron. You're getting ahead of yourself there, Craig. At this point, we don't even have a warrant. Yeah, but it's probably just a matter of time. Don't you think, Jack? Probably. I need to be with Aaron. Please, daddy, let me go. No, I, dear, I know it's hard for you to see this right now, but your father is just protecting you. From what? What is everybody so afraid of? Well, when the Police go after Aaron, it's possible he'll resist. There'll be a scene. And I don't want you involved in that. A scene? What does he mean by that? When people get arrested, sometimes emotions run high. What, so they're going to shoot him? Oh, well, that's what you've wanted from the beginning, isn't it? Will you be happy then when Aaron's dead? No, no, no. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. I can take care of things here. Why don't you go and take care of getting Aaron Snyder into jail? Oh, once the judge signs the warrant, it's just a matter of finding him and bringing him stay with Will. How's he doing? About the same. Sometimes I can't even tell if he's breathing. You know, when he was little, Hal and I would put him to bed and we'd pray that he wouldn't call out our names just so we could have a little time together. And now, here we are praying that he'll just wake up and call our names out. He will, Barbara. He will. Just count on that. We want to take Will downstairs and give him another cat scan. Compare it with the earlier one, and perhaps we'll have a better idea of how to treat him. Whatever you need, John. Can we stay with him? Actually, it might be better if you were to wait in the corridor. Well, why is that? Well, parents sometimes become emotional when we have to prepare the boy to move And what is this precaution. Simply a precaution, Hal. There's got ta be another way. Hal, his sedative is gon na be wearing off very soon. I don't want him to hurt himself. Move back. Get your hands off my son You've got ta find another way to do it Hal, don't do this. Don't do this. It's routine, Hal. Hal, he doesn't even know it'shappening. I know, and that's enough It's the chief. Has that arrest warrant been issued yet? Good. You alert all units, and you have everybody standing by. I want this kid brought in. I want Aaron Snyder in jail where he can not move He should be back within within an hour, you know? With or without his shackles, John? I'll get the results of the tests and be back as soon as I can. to Lucy. I think she knows where Aaron is, but I couldn't get it out of her. Don't worry about it, Jack. I'm gon na handle things from here on out. How come? Because when my son wakes up, I want him to know that I'm the person that nailed the guy that did this to him. Forgive me for saying so, Hal, but Don't try to talk me out of it, Jack. I'm doing this my way. I need you to tell me where Aaron is. Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you. That was Lieutenant Munson on the phone. He's decided to handle this himself. The arrest warrant came through. They're looking for Aaron now. Lucy, if you let me get there first, I can guarantee you that he won't get hurt. He's at the Old Mill. He didn't want You did the right thing. Wait, wait, I'm coming with you. No, no, no, you're not. Yes, I have to be with him now. I have to see if he's all right No. Jack, do give us a call once the arrest is made, won't you? I'll do my best. Thank you. No, stop No, no, you can see him after they pick him up. No, I have to be with him right now. I am not allowing you to leave this suite. Don't ever tell me you love me again, because I won't believe you. Not after this Hello? Holden, it'sAaron. Where are you? I'm at the Old Mill. The Police were here looking for you. They came by the house, they stopped by mom's place to get you involved in this. Well, if you're in trouble, I want to help you out. Tell me what happened. Lieutenant Munson thinks I started that fire. He's got something back in the lab report. I don't know what it could be. Well, I know that you're innocent. All this is gon na get straightened out. Holden, I had this friend back in Seattle, and his brother spent three years in jail for something he didn't do. I mean, that could be me. I'm halfway there. Just stay where you are. I'm on my way to pick you up. Did Lily and the kids see the cops come looking for me? Yes. What did Luke say? He said that there was no way that his big brother would do anything like that. And we all feel the same way, Aaron. I know that you didn't start that I'll be there in a few minutes. Henry, the first rule of our agency is that we don't get involved with our families. If you can't abide by that, then we're gon na have to toss you back to Lucinda. She is not family, she's a girlfriend. And from what I understand about Craig, she'll be a stranger by next week. Be that as it may, that's the deal. Take it or leave it. All right, all right. Okay, all right. There's plenty of other rich people in the world, your brother can't know all of them. Good. Good. I'm glad we understand each other. Good. There's one thing you got ta do for me. No, no Henry, come on. Cut us a no. Yes. Just sign off on this. What is it? Sign No no way. " Early bird surveillance, " it is. Thank you. And the logo? The logo? You've got the name, the logo? The little bird with the Yes. Fine, whatever. Done. Good. You think I can get any of these people to kick in for all the drinks I bought? Somehow, I think shots aren't refundable, Henry. Hey, can the company No. Company can't reimburse Zero chance. All right. I'll just go return that silk underwear. Oh, my God. Oh, he's gon na kill me. All right, you didn't believe his little story about the About the stock? About the stocks and Rosanna? Okay. Not for a second. Me, either. C'mon. Oh, where are we going? Can't we just go that his girlfriend may be scheming against him. That's great. That is great. Thank you, Ben. Hey, you can relax. What makes you think I'm not relaxed? What makes see this hand? Oh, no. Well, I guess I don't do very well with surprises. Told you. Hey, never mind. Anyway, mom, this is your present. Oh, my goodness. Oh, help me, Ben. I've got it. Oh, my goodness. C'm on, open it open it. It's huge. A hammock? Yes. Oh, my gosh. I've always wanted one of these. Thank you. Thank you so much. This was this is all so beautiful. Thank you. Well, you deserve it, mom. You deserve to be honored. Well, I don't know if have outdone yourselves. But now, I really need to make a phone call. Wait, no, no, no. Hold on. We're not finished with you yet. Ben, this is important. I really need to do this. Well, it will wait. Just like everything else. To the woman who has shown me strength and courage in this most confusing world. If it wasn't for the woman we're celebrating tonight, I would've lost my business. You mean our business. Right, darling? Yes, sweetie. Of course I mean our business. And I wouldn't have this lovely woman, as well. Jessica, you've meant so much to me. I don't have a toast. I just want to say thank you for being a part of my life and allowing me to call you my lady. Oh Just stop Okay, just stop. I can't listen ton't mean that. Could you just excuse me for one second? Mom, wait a minute. Hey, what just happened here? Nothing, sweetheart. It's just you know, the election, and you and Paul everything has just caught up with me, I guess. Would it be easier on you if everybody left? Yes, yes, yes, it would, if you don't mind. And just promise me that tomorrow, you'll come back, and we'll break in that new ice cream machine. Okay, it's a deal. Okay. Are you sure? Yeah. I don't like leaving you like this. No, sweetie. I'm just I'm just tired, and I'll probably be asleep 15 minutes after you leave. So, you have your keys, right? Yeah. Yes, I will see you first thing in the morning. Great. . See you later. Remember to be late to work tomorrow. They can't fire you. That's very good. That's very funny. Good night. Ben, thank you. Thank you for coming. Here, come here. Come here. I think I have just the cure for somebody who has been under as much stress as you have these last few days. That sounds great, but could it wait till tomorrow? No, no come on now. Close your eyes. Ben Do it. Very good.Okay, now. Sit back. What are you doing? I am gon na start with your feet, and I am gon na give you the slowest, longest, best massage that you have ever had. Will's scan looks the same as the last one, which, at this point, is good news. Does he still need those restraints, John? It see him. When you're finished, I'd like to do an x-ray of your neck. I'm fine. Humor me. Okay. I'd feel better if you came with me. Alison? What are you doing here? Have you seen Hal? I need to talk to him. I saw him leaving a few minutes ago. What's going on? You mean, what have I done next? I didn't say that. Don't start with me. How's Will? I haven't heard the latest. His door is closed. I'm sure they could be working on him. Well, I'd better go before I get in somebody else's way. Alison? There's something I'd like to say to you first. Can't you just leave me an e-mail or something? No, I can't. I need to say this to your beautiful face you working here at the hospital. If that's what you want to do, I'll support you all the way. Thanks. I have already followed up with the woman you spoke to. I told her she'd be lucky to have you working here. What's the catch? There isn't any catch. Your uniform is in my locker. You can start anytime. Well, it looks like the law will now take care of Aaron Snyder, which means I don't have to. I can get back on Lucy's good side. Heck, I'll even drive her to the jailhouse to watch him get booked. My daughter will come back to me. Our relationship will be restored, and Aaron Snyder will be nothing but a bad memory. Pour me one of those, won't you? Mm-hmm. Knock-knock. Hey, Katie. Simon, Katie, good as new. Oh, well, not listen. You must have lost directions to the cottage ,' cause I would have liked to see you while I was recuperating. I kept up, but you know me. One thing leads to another. Yeah, and then you found something better to do. All right, let me introduce you to Rosanna Cabot. My sister Katie, her husband, Simon. Oh, hello. How lovely to meet you. I've heard so much about you. You, too. Quite recently, actually. Really? From whom? Henry Coleman. He claims you paid him a lot of money to do a little errand. Aaron, I'm not gon na hurt you. Are you gon na arrest me? I'm asking you to turn yourself in. Come to the station with me now. I'll do my best to make this easy. If I turn myself in, people are gon na think I'm the Police Force looking for you, man. They'll find you here. They'll think you're making a stand. They'll assume you're armed. Armed? I've never carried a gun in my life. Yeah, they don't know that That's not a chance you should be taking I didn't set that fire, Jack. I believe you. Jack, this is all wrong. Aaron is a hero. He should be treated like one. Are you all right? Better. This isn't a question about whether Aaron is guilty or innocent. All I want to do is get him into custody before something goes wrong. So how do we handle it? Like I told Aaron, he turns himself in. Look, we all go together. Three Snyder boys, walking into the station house. It's our best move, Holden. It's the best way to ensure that he doesn't what do you say, Aaron? This isn't working, is it? No, I'm sorry. What, you want to go upstairs, where you can lie down, stretch out? You know, I'm just really exhausted, and I think I just need to just go to sleep. All right. Come on, you know, let me come tuck you in. (Doorbell-rings) who could that be? You know, I'll get it, and I'll get rid of them. No, no, no it's probably Isaac, forgot his wallet or something. No, Ben, please. Really, I can take care of this. Look, it's late. If it's not Bonnie and Isaac, there's no telling who it could be, okay? (Doorbell-rings) I'm coming Are you all right? Can I get you a glass of water or something? I na take long, John? One set of x-rays, just to be safe. Okay. You wan na hear something funny? I'm gon na be working at the hospital now, which is pretty cool ,' cause that way I can check up on you all the time. Is that more comfortable? I hope so. Anyway, I don't think you're gon na be in here for very long. You should be getting better any day now. But if there's anything I can do to help, it's worth a try. You gave money to Henry Coleman? Why not just throw it off the back of a train? It's a long story, my darling. One I'd rather not go into right now. Oh, then I'll do it for you. Rosanna hired Henry as a private investigator. We asked him what he was doing for her, and he wouldn't tell us. And Henry did for you obviously concerns my brother. Rosanna, care to differ? Well, like I told you earlier, Henry came looking for a job. Well, I asked him to do me a little favor. He did it. I paid him. So, it didn't concern anyone in my family? No. And you weren't checking up on Craig? No. She's very protective, isn't she? Yes, you didn't know pit bulls came in blonde. Thank you for looking out for my interests. Well, someone has to do it. And there's someone, actually, in the other room who could use your help. She's in there crying her eyes out over Oh, no Aaron? Yeah. We should go talk to her. Fine. Thank you. It was nice to meet you. Lovely. Yeah. I'm go to such lengths to assure that I was honoring the Carly clause. I take it Henry gave you a positive report. His findings were extremely positive. Yes. If you want a little more of that, I'll be in my room if you want me. I do. Keep it safe. (Rosanna-laughing) Lucy's not in her room and she's not in our old room, either. Oh, she ran away to be with Aaron Call me if anything happens. Oh, wait we should go with him, maybe. No, no, no no, Katie, we are going home. Please, now. But Lucy could be in trouble. No, it's none of our business. Honey, let's just go home, please. Can we just stay here for a little while? Let's just wait until Craig calls. I just wan na make sure. He seemed really 's cool. If that's what you wan na do. I just want to spend some time together. So we'll do it here. Jack's got the right idea. Let's not drag this thing out any longer. Okay. Jack's got the right idea. Let's not drag this thing out any longer. Okay. I'll do it. Good decision. Wait by the car. I got ta work out a few details out with your dad. Aaron? You're doing the right thing. I'm proud of you. Aaron? Lucy. Are you all right? Oh, I'm fine. You shouldn't be here. I told you not to I know, I know. But I thought it'd be easier if I was with you. You were right. Police Don't move Aaron Snyder? Yeah. In't arrest him. He didn't do anything wrong Cop #6 Please step away from the prisoner. The prisoner? No, never Cop #6 I'll ask again, then I'll remove you by force. Go ahead. Try Hey, leave her alone I got you now, punk. About time you started paying for what you did. Aaron 
D.A. Travers, taking charge. " (Bonnie-sighs) It's over. He really won. I don't believe this. Another crooked lawmaker. Do you think maybe one day my mom will say that conceding was the best thing that ever happened to her? That maybe Marshall Travers actually did her a favor? Your mother is the second luckiest woman in town tonight. She's got the second most handsome guy in town to take care of her and the bravest, most beautiful daughter in the world. Brave? No, I was a spoiled brat. That's what I was. Spying on my mother's opponent, bugging his room. I went too far. I broke the law, but I did it just for her. That has to be something. It has to count for something, doesn't it? If you had to do it all over again? I wouldn't change a thing not a single thing. No, correction I would do it better relentless. I'm completely out of my mind, aren't I? Mm-hmm. That's why I'm crazy for you, girl. Ben, wait. I can take care of it. No, Jessica, it's late. If it's not Bonnie and Isaac, there's no telling who it might be. (Doorbell-rings) Coming Who was that? I can not believe it. It was a messenger. Said he had special instructions to deliver this to you personally. Said it's supposed to be from the office or something, can't wait' till morning. Well, I guess I should take a look at it. Yeah. All right. So is everything all right? I'm afraid it isn't. Good evening, sir, it's the Messenger Service calling. Have you made the delivery to Ms. Griffin's residence? Just as you asked, sir. Good 's on the house, Mr. Travers. It isn't every day a man is elected D.A. Thanks. Dangerous? Well, I suppose my line of work does have its risks. But, uh, ooh but if you're not willing to live on the edge, you're gon na miss some beautiful views. And I like beautiful things beautiful, dangerous things. Who are you? Laundry sent me, sir. You wanted these things washed? Excuse me. Do you know the name of the guy over there with the cigar? No, sorry. I think I may have met him with another guest here. Paul Ryan? Now that you mention it, yeah. I think I've seen him with Mr. Ryan once or twice. Then that must be it then. Thanks. No problem. Aaron? Lucy Are you all right? Oh . I told you not to come I know, I know. But I thought it would be easier if I was with you. You were right. Police Don't move Aaron Snyder? Yeah. I have a warrant for your arrest. You can't arrest him. He didn't do anything wrong. Please step away from the prisoner. The prisoner? No, never I'll ask again, then I'll remove you by force. Well, go ahead, try. Hey, leave her alone I got you now, punk. It's about time you started paying for what you did. Aaron Aaron I won't let you go You're hurting her Don't hurt her Hal Go easy on' em They're kids Back off, Jack. This is mine. Aaron, just thing I've heard around here that makes sense. Hal, come on Get her out of here. Aaron Lucy Hey Let me go I didn't do anything wrong You don't have to do that Nobody ever does. (Sounds-of-struggle) Aaron Holden, no He's trying to escape Cuff him I've got him. Why, Hal? Why the cuffs? Hal, he's not gon na run I suppose he came all the way up here for the ambiance? Jack was about to bring him down to the station. All he had to do was raise his hands and freeze. He was resisting arrest. He was coming in, Hal Kicking and screaming. You saw the kid. He was out of control, and it's absolutely necessary. You resist arrest, you get restrained. My kid's in restraints now Did you know that? Hal, back off He's strapped down to a hospital bed, and he is confused and scared out of his mind Get off of me Leave him alone He is only trying to turn himself you're out of control No He'd never hurt anybody. You know that he'd never hurt anyone Okay, okay, okay. No, daddy, they're gon na take him away. You can't let them take him away Come here. Daddy, you have to help him. There's nothing we can do. Please We will talk about it, but you're gon na have to calm down. Look what they're doing to him Leave him alone Lucy It's okay. I'm all right. My aunt is Detective Margo Hughes and his uncle is Jack Snyder. If you hurt him Hey, if he keeps it together, so will we. You okay? I'm okay. Good. And no more fighting. We've got somebody who's gon na do the fighting for us. Who? Tom Hughes. He's gon na meet us down at the station. He'll get those cuffs off, and he'll make them stay off. Not if Munson has anything to say about it. What the hell do you think you're doing'? I had everything under control. I was handling it my way. The kid tackled a cop, Jack. Yeah, because you came in here like a bunch of marines and you strong-armed his girlfriend That's not like you, Hal Playing hardball with a kid? A kid I happen to be related to? And what about my kid? We're all worried about Will. I want him to recover as much as anybody. 's already surrendered? It's not only wrong, Hal, it's stupid You think he's gon na say anything to us now? His father saw what you did. He's already got his lawyer waiting at the station. You made your point. Is this my case? Yeah. Good. Then back off You shouldn't have come here. You could've gotten hurt. I'm fine. And you're not getting rid of me right now. This is exactly the situation that we were trying to avoid. Exactly. I thought Lucy was in her bedroom. So imagine my surprise when I find her with the Police. I didn't start that fire. That's what we'll tell the judge when we go to court. Sorry about that, Aaron. Hal got his signals crossed. Jack, it's not your fault. Well, we all know whose fault to him now? We take him downtown in the squad car, he'll be booked. Then he'll see a judge and we'll set bail, and then he'll be released. Do I got ta spend the night in jail? No, no That is one promise I can keep, Aaron. All right. Ready to get this thing over with? Yeah. The sooner the better. You have the right to remain silent We'll be right behind you Take it easy That's gon na be a little difficult. Is it okay if I go down to the station with Aaron? That's up to your father. If you take me home, I'll find a way out. I I know. I know. Well, I guess we can go down and spend a little time at the station. Thanks, daddy. Tell Aaron I'll already got you for assaulting an officer and obstruction of justice. You dig a little deeper, I can get you for aiding and abetting a fugitive. What are you gon na do, detective? Are you gon na arrest me? Not this time. When it comes to undercover, Coleman is the man. Hmm. We meet again. I'm sorry. You must've confused me with someone else. (Light-laughter) I wasn't aware that the hotel encouraged its valets to socialize with the guests. You're a valet? They're very liberal here at the Lakeview. Henry Coleman, huh? Glad to put a name with the face. Ladies, would you mind giving me a moment with the danger junkie here? Help yourself. Actually, it's just a little something I do on the side. You know, I'm more of a danger dabbler. Valet by day, danger ranger by night. Look 'll excuse me, I'd love to stay and chat Sit down. You know, Henry, I know all about your security work with Paul Ryan. Paul who? I don't sorry, I don't know who you're talking about. Does this device look familiar to you, Henry? Yes, it's a smoke detector. Uh, it's a good idea' cause you can never be too safe, you know? I bet if we looked very closely, your prints would be all over it. In fact, checking this for prints is gon na be at the top of my to-do list, Henry. And after I'm sworn in as D.A ., the three of us me, you and Paul Ryan we'll meet again in criminal court. I don't think I'll have any problem proving that you breached by fourth amendment rights, among other things. And then you and Paul and all your place where your rights will depend on your cell mate. Henry laughs nervously After I'm done with you in criminal court I'll sue you in civil court and take all of you for all you've got. Careful these things'll kill you. They'll kill you. I'd like to have you around for a long, long time. (Henry-sighs) All right. Come on, let's have it. Who's more important to you tonight than me? (Jessica-sighs) No one. You know that. Well, what's this late-night delivery all about? My secretary. She's reminding me that, though I conceded the election, I am still the district attorney. And I have to be in court in the morning, and I haven't even reviewed the case files. What time are you due in court? Oh, crack of dawn. Oh, ouch. So, what, did you bring the files home them? They're in my briefcase. Ah, well I'll tell you what then. Here's the deal. Here's your deal, okay? You go upstairs, you get four hours of sleep. That should be enough to refresh you. In the meantime, I will have coffee and breakfast waiting for you, we'll eat. And then I'll get out of your hair. You would do that for me? Hey, there's nothing I wouldn't do for you. You are too wonderful for words, but I couldn't sleep with all these cases on my mind. So I think I just need to go ahead and knock it out and then catch some sleep on the other end. Okay? Forgive me? Hey, you haven't done anything that needs forgiving. Look, you have been through so much mess these last 24 hours, whatever you want to do, that's fine. Just give finished with this job, and I promise you I'll be a human being again. Call me later. I love you, Jessica. Ben, wait Don't go. Your mother has got nothing to worry about. She'll go on to do great things in Oakdale or Chicago or who knows, maybe even Washington, D.C. Don't you worry about Jessica. She'll do just fine. But what about us? We're stuck here with this new D.A. I mean, if he wants to target this place, Isaac, there is nothing and no one to stop him. He made so much noise about my mother helping you with the Liquor license what if he has it revoked? He could do that, you know? He's so angry with me, what if he went after my man, too? Say that again. He made so much noise about my mother No, no, about my man. Oh, you know you're mine. And I'm yours. And I'm trying to make a serious point here. Nothing serious about it. If he tries to pull something, I've got back-up. I've got the best partners a guy could have. We'll get past it. Oh So now you're happy I'm your partner? Hmm, I like the way you did that you know, to distract me. If I was trying to distract you, I would do something like this. There are lessons that you'll never know. Yeah, I have an urgent phone call for Isaac Jenkins, please. No, I can't leave a message. I need to talk to him immediately and personally. Can you do that for me? Now? Because if you can not, I will get your name, and I will tell Isaac who the genius was that couldn't find him, I'll hold. Well, can't you see you're the one that I belong to? I'll be the embrace that keeps you warm Um, I'm sorry to interrupt. Isaac? This had better be critical. Well, there is an urgent phone call and he wouldn't let me take a message. I'm on my way. I will be right back. Okay. Hold you to that. Coleman how's it going, man? Hey, hey, well, I can't complain. Did you vote for Jessica? Oh, in my heart. That's all the law will allow me to do right now. Hello, duchess. Hello. We need to talk. About what? Um, about what to pack for prison. Marshall Travers knows everything. Wait. He knows we bugged his hotel room? Mm-hmm. And now he video. How? How am I supposed to know how? Wait, wait, back up, you said he knows everything? Yes, yes. He knows that Paul Ryan is behind the whole operation. He knows that I dressed up as a valet so I could sneak a bug into one room and then put a video camera for surveillance in the other room. How's this possible? Then not ten minutes ago, he waved that infernal smoke detector right in front of my face, and he said that the next stop for me and all of my secret agent buddies was gon na be the big house, including you. So, Bonnie, here's what I'm thinking, since his first job as D.A. is gon na be putting us all on trial, maybe the first job for your mother as defense attorney could be Wait, wait, wait. Excuse me? Can I have a martini here for my friend, breath and get control over yourself. All right. All right. Now, Marshall maybe he was just blowing off steam. Honey honey, he looked like he wanted to eat the eyes right out of my skull, okay? This is serious. He's not playing around. This is like eternal damnation and hell fire and brimstone and and sleeping with your head a few inches from the toilet seat the next 10 to 15 years. Henry, calm down What else did he say? Did he offer a deal? No, he doesn't want to negotiate. He doesn't want to talk about it. All right? He wants blood. He wants ours. I mean, he scared off my date, and then he crushed my cohiba and then in two weeks from now, he could have he could have our freedom and all our worldly belongings. Look, I just I just launched a P.I. Firm who's paying me quite well. And I don't think you can fathom the magnitude of losing a business. Hmm? Something that I have worked on and dreamt about for for for a while now. No, I can. More than you know. Good. Then do something, huh? There's got to be some kind of a loophole that your mother can slide us all through ; make the call, Bonnie. Look, I know, I'm not saying she has to pull any strings, per say. Just tell her that you're gon na spend the best years of your life behind bars. And then let's sit back and see what happens, okay? Now I'm sure there's some kind of miracle the woman can do for her lovely, beautiful daughter. I am not about to get my mother involved in this mess anymore. And neither are you. I will handle this. Good evening, Mr place is clean, including the hallway and the broom closet. Will there be anything else this evening? I'll be joined by a beautiful woman very shortly. Caramel skin, brown eyes, beautiful smile I've got the picture. Don't let anyone else near this room. Come on, Jessica. Come on. I can't let you leave like this. What about your caseload? Well, I'll figure something out. I'm I'm tired of being wrapped up in my work. I just I just want to be wrapped up in your arms. Mm, that's all you needed to say. You don't hate me? Never. You know, even as I was walking out that door, all I could think about was you. I just remember how, once upon a time, I chased after you and got no where, and so I quit. And, somehow, that's when it happened. I give my brother a push and you gave Bonnie a nudge, and somewhere along the way, we became a couple. So, it seemed like the most natural thing in the world. Somewhere along the way, we skipped a whole bunch of little steps. And I just I want to make up for that. And I want to take the time to say thank you for wearing that fine black dress the first time I took you out to dinner. All night, you were just glowing. And I couldn't get you out of my mind for weeks. And thank you for that morning that you let me drive you to work and you reached over and you just you just placed your hand on my hand. And I felt that all day long at the hospital your gentle touch. And thank you for for all the moments that I will never forget. For showing me in so many ways that I am a what I would do if you weren't a part of mine. I don't know what to say after you said all those beautiful things. You don't have to say anything. Yeah. Yes, I do. How you holding up? Oh, I'm fine. I'm just thinking about Lucy. I hope she didn't catch a lot of heat for fighting those cops. It's good to have somebody like that in your corner though, isn't it? Bet you anything her father's making sure it's the last time she sees me. Lucy's a lot more like her mother and her aunt Lily more than any of us give her credit for. Those women in that family they don't take orders from anyone. She here yet? Why don't we just concentrate on getting you out of here, then we'll worry about Lucy, okay? Holden? Hey doing? I've been better. What's the word? We're about an hour away from a bail hearing. Then we'll go over the arraignment, which I'll have postponed. And then you'll go home. Just like that? Yeah, just like that. What's the postponement all about? Well, Aaron is 17, and it's a serious crime. I just want to make sure that he's tried in juvenile court. I'll file a petition. We'll probably have a ruling by tomorrow. So we just have to wait? No, the delay will do us good. It will give the cops a chance to find out who really started the fire, Will an opportunity to start telling the truth about what really happened that night, and we will have some time to build our defense. Why is he being charged anyways? He went from being a hero one minute to a suspect to know why I was accused? Well, the Fire marshal believes that an accelerant, like gasoline, was used to start the fire. And? Well, there were traces of gasoline on the clothes that Aaron was wearing the night of the fire. (Aaron-sighs) I filled up grandma's truck with gas. I'd wear those pants when I was fixing my bike. I have all kinds of stains. I have gas stains, oil stains, antifreeze I have pizza stains on those pants. Good. Detective Snyder, when can I see Aaron? Uh, I can't give you a time line. Things kind of happen when they happen. But if you'll have a seat over there and try to be patient, I'll get you in as soon as I can. Okay? Well, there, you see? It will be a little while before you can see him. I don't mind. get something to eat at Al's? No, I don't want to miss my chance to see Aaron. It's just across the street. Jack will call us when Aaron's available. Oh, darling girl, there you are. Here you are. Hello, Craig, darling. How did you ever find us? Oh, honey, auntie Katie. Wonderful, good old auntie Katie. Are you all right, sweetheart? No. Aaron? It's because of Aaron? They had him in handcuffs, grandmother. They treated him like he was some sort of criminal. It was awful. He resisted arrest. And you'd be very proud of your granddaughter. She slugged a cop. We're lucky we're not bailing her out. Well, it comes naturally. Passion it's in the blood, darling. Your mom has it, and I have it. They're saying Aaron's the I know he didn't. No, he didn't do it. I don't believe he did it for one minute. That makes two of you. Daddy believes the Police. Well, look at his Police record I expected this all along. Hal, not too long ago, you were accusing me of jumping to conclusions about Aaron. Well, I guess you had him pegged all along, Craig. Well, can the Oakdale police assure us that he won't slip through our fingers this time? The justice system doesn't exist to cater to anybody's personal vendettas, gentlemen. Will you keep me posted, Hal? I turned the case over to Detective Snyder. Anything you want to know, you have got to go through Jack. Oh, honey, fathers are notoriously irrational when it comes to their daughters. But he'll grow out of it, though, won't he? have to find a better way to handle him, hmm? Well, what about Aaron? Aaron's gon na have his day in court, okay? The facts are gon na come out. No firebug he he is innocent I swear to you, I'm innocent. And my job is to prove reasonable doubt. So give us some other versions as to how this fire may have started. Now, we know there were two other people on the scene Luke and Will. Ever see either of those boys playing with matches before? Luke knew better. Especially after that fire we had a couple years back, he wouldn't even go near matches or open flames. Did you ever see Luke or Will with matches in the barn? No, never. But they had access to the matches in your backpack? Oh, yeah. I mean, but they'd have to open it up, and, but, yeah. All right, so where did you keep this bag? In the barn, near my bike. I have a hard question for you. Would you subject yourself to a lie detector test? Absolutely. Good answer. You ever dealt with a case like this before? Sure, a few. Well, since you're the one with the experience, I mean, how do you think the fire started? I mean, do you think it was either one of the boys? I have no idea what happened in the barn that night. But we know that you didn't have anything to do with it. And my job is to prove that. Well, everybody says you're the best. Only the smart ones. I don't want you to worry about a thing. I'll take care of you like you were my own. I'll be back. I've this thank you. Thanks for never doubting me. Thank you for trusting me. It means everything. Craig, why don't you totter off to whatever lady that you're cavorting with today, and I'll stay and wait till Lucy's ready to go home? I think she needs her father tonight. No, she doesn't. She needs someone who appreciates her feelings, her feelings about this boy. And you detest him, and she knows it. Surely, you don't think she wants to be comforted by you? How's Aaron? Can I see him? He's inside the interrogation room. I can't believe I almost pushed you out the door before you could say all of those wonderful things. You can push all you want to. There is no way I'm ever gon na give up again. Promise? Promise. Stay? What about your court date? Where are you? I got your message. Thanks for the heads up, but I'm not gon na be able to make it to court. Don't back out now, Jessica. I'm really sorry about that. Come on up. We'll talk among other things. But I really do have to cancel. Jessica, don't do this to me. It can't be avoided. If nothing else, there's the matter of the videotape your daughter and her friends Have a good night. Bye. She'll be here. She'll be here. I'm impressed. The lady means business. Now there's nothing in our way. The election's over, my daughter's life is on track. And so is my brother's. Mm-hmm. And our futures are wide open. And I feel like the luckiest woman in the world. Yeah, why do me? Right on time. Bonnie what do you want this time? I want you to be angry at the right person me. I'm surprised Donkey Kong out there allowed me to knock. My new watchdog. I had to hire the best so that certain parties wouldn't be sticking their noses around where they don't belong. Actually, that's why I'm here. What, to plant a few more bugs? Whatever this is about, I really don't have the time or the energy, so good-bye and good night. Five minutes, Marshall, that's all I need. I'm the one who spied on you. The two most important people in my life had no idea what I was doing. I lied to my mother. I lied to Isaac. And it is what I regret most stooping to such behavior. So, whatever charges you plan to press, just, please, be, his club and my mother alone. How I choose to respond is my business, and it's not up for negotiation. Yes, well, I came all the way over here to discuss with you Yeah, the last time you came over to my room uninvited, you were acting as a decoy so Paul Ryan could pilfer my passport. Where's he? Still hanging out in the broom closet? I came alone. You just admitted to me that you lied to the two most important people in your life. Why wouldn't I think you're lying to me? How do I know you haven't been lying since you walked through that door? I am not lying to you, Marshall Where is the videotape? What videotape? Do you have it or does Ryan? No one has it It's useless. There was nothing on it. You're sure of that? Yes beginning, yes. And then Paul fast-forwarded through the rest. And it was useless, nothing on it. So, in order to protect my mother and myself, he got rid of it and threw it away. Did you witness this? I didn't have to. Paul is not like his father, he tells the truth. Steinbeck wasn't on it, so it was worthless. He got rid of it. Honesty becomes you. Now, look, if you'll excuse me, I've had a long day and I need to get some sleep. Go home, Bonnie. Hmm, someone's expecting a guest. Mm sorry, I didn't realize. Anyone I know? Everything's gon na work out. You'll see. What makes you so sure? My grandmother says she'll help, and she can do practically anything. Including helping you stay in Oakdale? My father can't force me Montega than here in town near me. Now, he probably freaked when he saw you fight those cops. I'll fight him the same way if he tries to send me away. And what if he convinces your mom. And she No, Aaron, I've already made up my mind. I'm not gon na live anywhere where we can't see each other. I'm never letting you go. You don't learn, do you? Just a polite observation, Marshall champagne, two glasses. My champagne, my glasses. And none of your business. Do I have to prosecute you and your friends? No, absolutely not. Look, for your mother's sake, I'm willing to promise you this, and this thing only. Stay out of my business, and I'll show no interest in what you or Isaac Jenkins do with your lives. But you told Henry Coleman and you stay out of my life, you'll have an incident-free future. If not, you will regret it. So tell me, Marshall. When did you get this profound, great respect for my mother? Was it before or after she handed you the election? The day I met her. Now get out. My pleasure. You have a great day. (Door-slams) Where did a neurosurgeon get all these muscles? Same place an attorney got these incredible legs. Tell you what why don't you get us some champagne, and we can continue the celebration. Be right back. Great. Paul, it's Jessica. I've been thinking, and I can not do what you want me to do concerning Marshall Travers. Good luck finding someone who can. Lucinda, she's in pain. She was terrified tonight at the Old Mill. She needs her father. You're not gon na try and I'm taking my cue from the child. Okay? What the child needs is what she's gon na get. I appreciate that. Aaron, hey. It's time for your bail hearing. Go home, Luce. I want to go with you. Mr. Hughes says it's just a formality. I'll be fine. Go home. I'll call you first thing tomorrow. Call me tonight, as soon as you get out of here. Promise me. I'll call you. Everything's gon na be fine. I love you. Aaron, we got ta go. You do not want to keep a judge waiting. Thanks for waiting, grandmother. Ready to go, lullaby? Yeah. I'll call you in the morning, Daddy. Good night. Sweet dreams. Good night. Oh, Hal, do you have a minute? What is it yeah, I look, I know you can't give me any inside information on the arson case you have against Aaron Snyder. Right, thanks for not wasting my time. Yeah, and I know that we have had our differences over time. But despite all of them, I know that you love your children more than you love yourself, Hal. That you would die for them. What's your point? I love my daughter, Hal. At least as much as you love Will. She's all I have, and there is nothing that I wouldn't do to protect her, Hal. Nothing. Uh-huh. 
Oh, Rose. I was just thinking I could use an extra pair of hands to help clean up your party. Come on. You want me to clean up my party? Isn't there some rule about the bride-to-be not having to clean up her own engagement party? Never heard that one. Oh, yeah. It's in all the books. Besides, I think I've done enough penance for one day. Had a little chat with Barbara Ryan. That was fast. How'd it go? You're not gon na believe it. I don't think I believe it. I mean, either she's yanking my chain or somebody wised up and medicated that broad. But she was almost human. Well, that's great. It's frightening is what it is. I told her Paul and I were engaged again, and she said she doesn't blame me for hating her and that she hopes she gets to come to the wedding, yadda, yadda, yadda I'm very proud of you. Oh, please. No, I mean it. So what did Paul say when you told him? Haven't really gotten around to that yet. Why? Is there a problem? Yeah, you'd better believe there's a problem. I've had that woman thrown out of every joint in this town, and Paul's bending over backwards, trying to make me happy. I gave the guy ultimatums, and now I've let his mother think she might be coming to the wedding. He's gon na think he's marrying a nutcase. As if he doesn't know that already. I'm sure you'll come up with something. It's not bad news, you know? I just need some time to just think of the right words. (Doorbell-rings) You know, my luck, that's Paul. Oh, don't be ridiculous. Oh, Paul, what a surprise. not stay away. Don't you love the way he says hello? Where you been? Telling Will about the wedding. What did he say? He said, and I quote, " it's about time. " You know, we were talking about how he didn't have a chance to be Hal's best man at the wedding because mom's paranoia was flaring up my words, not his and I was hoping if it was all right with you, if he could be a part of our ceremony. I think that would be great The more family, the better. I love that kid. I think you can invite anybody you want, including your mother. Barbara. So glad you could join me. Well, don't you look spectacular? Thank you very much. What is your secret? Craig Montgomery. Yeah. It's true what they say, then. One woman's that you two are doing so well. Thank you very much. So, the reason that I asked you to join me here was because I'm curious. Are you still involved in the fashion world? Fashion is in my blood, Rosanna. Oh, wonderful. Well, then you know that Monte Carlo is due to launch its line in New York. Yes, yes, I've heard the rumors. Impressive for such a young upstart. I wish them all the best. They're going to need it. Did you call me here to gloat? Gloat? No. I should say not. Then what is it you want? I want you to save Monte Carlo from falling on its face. No, I think we keep Rosanna out of this particular loop. Are you kidding? You can't keep it a secret that I'm doing the design. She'll find out. She finds out everything. she go? She goes right to Jack or Mike Kasnoff or whichever daddy you prefer, and you have man problems again. Can you handle this? Because I sure can't. Well, now, we'll have some fun trying. Rosanna's having a meeting right now at the Lakeview. Maybe I'll surprise her for dinner. And schmooze her. Schmooze her any way you can. And you know I can. We'll talk. (Carly-sighs) Come on in. Hey, cuz. Hi. Come on in. How're you feeling? Well, I'm exhausted from all this relaxation. Well, get used to the relaxation ,' cause it's your new way of life until that little girl comes out of you. We would have been here sooner. We got a little caught up at the house, trying to decide what to pack for you. Well, you are angels. So we toothpaste, face junk, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. That's great. I just there are just a couple things missing that I desperately need. Name it. My lucky sketch pad and my good pencils? No way. Molly? Forget it. Nothing but rest for you now. Well, I'm not talking about designing the Sistine chapel part two, for Pete's sake. I just want to oodle and doodle a little bit, you know, to kill the time. Keep my mind off everything. You've got magazines, books, movies for that. Right. And sleep. Don't forget sleep. Sleep is very good for you and the baby. I will be getting plenty of sleep when I get to Emma's. So it's official? You're definitely moving out of the cottage, huh? Mm-hmm. I think it's best for everybody if I if Sort of a neutral corner. All right, well, if there's anything I can do for you You know, yes. Actually, now that you mention it, there is something you can do for me. Now that you are all alone again in the cottage, maybe it's time that Molly moved back in. Where she belongs. Next case is Illinois vs. Travers, docket number 4077g. Counselors, you may proceed. Your honor, the state seeks an indictment against the defendant, Marshall Travers, for the charge of aggravated rape. Is the plaintiff present in the hearing room? Actually, your honor I'd better go see where she is. Mom, what are you doing out here? The arraignment's about to start. Evelyn needs you inside. I don't know if I can go in there. Yes, you can. You've done it a million times before. Well, Marshall just handed me this. That is not the tape of you and Marshall. And he says that if I don't drop the rape charge, he will use this against me during the trial. If I go to trial, this tape will become public. If I don't Then Marshall gets away without even a slap on the wrist. You know, I thought I had put this all behind me. I thought you destroyed the only copy of this tape. He's blackmailing you, mom. You have to tell someone. I am telling someone. Me? What can I do? Advise me. What would you do? Run to my mother, who has great advice, and usually knows the right thing to do. In fact, it was you who always told me every person knows the right thing to do. It just takes a hero to do it. So what do you want to do, would I want my mother involved in our wedding? You're pulling my leg, right? Lily? Oh, I'm gon na put the the thing Okay, you want to tell me what's going on here? I've been doing some thinking. And I think that you should make up your own mind whether or not you want your mother in your life or not. I have made up my own mind. She is out of our lives. Ever since you came back from Italy, she you know, why are we even discussing this? You and me are getting married. I don't want you to wake up one day and hate me because I made you turn your back on your flesh and blood. Maybe it's time you made things right between the two of you. What? All I did was tell you guys that you should go ahead and move back in together, and everybody gets real reason I'm here is to have a sex-change operation or something. Carly, I just don't know if this is the right time to discuss it. Well, Molly, I don't think there's really ever a right time for anything. That's what these life-and-death emergencies teach us, that that life is short. And if certain people I know are as smart as I think they are, then they will remind themselves that certain other people love them very much, and they'll start wasting time. Don't start worrying about us, all right, Carly? If please, if I can't straighten out my own life, please let me help you straighten out the mess I've made of yours. Look, there's gon na be plenty of time for that after the baby comes, okay? Now just get some rest. Get some rest. I'll come back with some books later, okay? Get some Okay. Thanks for coming by. Necessity is the mother of invention. (Barbara-laughs) Oh, this is too much for one lifetime. You want me to take over at Monte Carlo? Oh, no, I'm sorry. It's more like a cameo appearance. Uh-huh. You see, Carly has been unable to deliver on the designs thus far, and it turns out that the doctors have told her that she, well, could lose her child if she's overworked or overstressed. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I didn't know. I mean, about the baby. So I was wondering if perhaps you could just sort of shadow Carly. Create a new and exciting design for Monte Carlo. And if Carly comes through for whatever reason, well, we will pay you very handsomely for your time, and your work will remain your own. We'll shake hands, go our separate ways, no problem your work will be used to launch the Monte Carlo name. I assume Craig knows all about this? Craig is under the delusion that Carly can do no wrong and that she's just going to miraculously come through. Ah, she commands such loyalty and devotion for someone who's neither loyal nor particularly devoted. Well, the point is the deadline for the delivery of the collection is right around the corner. They always are. So I was wondering if you would be my plan " b " in case Carly fails to deliver? I would love to stand in for Carly, but I want it made clear that if my work is used, that Barbara Ryan is the star attraction. If the day ever dawns that you are the star attraction of Monte Carlo, there will be a blizzard in hell, flying pigs and a cure for the common cold. Hello, Rosanna. Well, I'd love to stay and schmooze, but sit. Let's all sit. Hmm? So, bub, you didn't tell me you were meeting Barbara. What possessed you? Engineering a little coup behind my back? It's just business. Nothing personal. I hope you're not planning on overreacting. It's so unattractive in a man. Just the man I'm looking for. What? We just saw Carly in the hospital, and she was asking for her sketch pad and pencils. I hope you made it clear to her that she's not gon na be doing any work for a while. It's nothing but rest and relaxation in her immediate future. Well, I just found out about Carly myself. I hope that she's gon na be all right. She's gon na be fine. And her baby's gon na be fine. As long as she gets lots of rest and certain people stay out of her way. Well, I'm glad to . It's been such an enlightening evening. Let's do it again sometime, shall we? So, conspiring with Barbara against me? I'm trying to save your company, sweetheart. If it takes Barbara to do it, so be it. Excuse me. Well, if you'll excuse me. I will when you answer my question. All right, I asked you if you made it clear to Carly that she's not gon na lift one finger for Monte Carlo till after that baby's born. And I want to hear you say it. Did she call you? Did she? Did my mother call you and tell you that it was her last dying wish to reconcile with her firstborn son? No. Did she? No. Actually, I'm the one that tracked her down. Okay. Will you please tell me what is going on here? Didn't you tell me that you were trying back from Italy? Yes. And didn't you say you were spending some quality time together? Yes. Getting along, talking to your mother about forgiveness. Yes, but all that has changed. Changed? When? When I came back to town. Yes, exactly, when you came back to town. She went back to the old games she was playing before. Now, she is hostile, and she is dangerous. Well, maybe she's hostile because I'm hostile to her. Oh, come on. You don't honestly believe that. I don't like her. Okay? No secret. That's not gon na change. For me. But that's my baggage. But she's your mother. And nothing is gon na change that, either. So don't make this decision because it's something that I want. Do it because it's gon na be the right thing for you,, Emily, look, I can't really talk right now. Paul and I are in the middle oh, gee, I'll be right there. I'll be right there. Carly's in the hospital. Something's happening with the baby. I got ta go. I hope everything's okay. You give her my love, okay? I will. And if you're looking for your ma, she's at the Lakeview. Okay. I guess that tape changes everything. Well, you know a jury better than I do. What would happen if they saw you and Marshall in bed together? Would it keep them from seeing Marshall as a rapist or keep them from seeing you as a victim? I don't know. Well, maybe it's a chance you don't really want to take. So you're saying I should drop the charges? Hey, sorry I'm late. What'd I client have utterly no merit. The so-called " victim, " who's insisting on anonymity, did indeed have an intimate and illicit affair with my client. And then, some time later, she invited him over to her home, and on the night in question, they did indeed have a passionate evening together in each other's arms. Now, feeling an overwhelming sense of of guilt and remorse and afraid her significant other may discover she'd been unfaithful yet again, she concocted this whole story. The charges are absurd. She doesn't need a hearing room. She just needs a little chat with her local priest. The defense requests all charges against my client be dismissed here and now. What's on that tape happened long before the rape. How can Marshall's lawyer use this as evidence against her? I don't know. Your mother would know better than I. Well, he could use it to establish two things. One, that we that relationship was conducted in secret. So he'll point out that I am a woman of easy virtue, to put it politely. Hey, everybody. The arraignment is inside. Travers' lawyer just asked the judge to dismiss the case. What's going on out here? Marshall just handed me this. Oh. Now, tell me that is not what I think it is. He says that if I go through with this trial, this will be defense exhibit " A. " So what are you gon na do? Well, I was thinking that maybe she should reconsider. I mean, this tape changes everything, Ben. The judge might not even allow it. Yeah, but what if he does? Then an entire hearing room full of people will see my mother and Marshall Travers like that. She's right. Can you still walk in that hearing room and swear that Marshall Travers raped you that night Let's do it. Your honor, my client's prior relationship with the defendant should have no bearing on these charges. Husbands have been prosecuted for raping their wives. And if a man can do that to someone he's married to, someone he's vowed to protect and to love, what's to stop a friend or an acquaintance from doing the same? This isn't a crime committed only at night by strangers, and it's time that people open their eyes to that fact. Your honor, if I knew we were giving closing statements at an arraignment, then I would have prepared one, too. Yes, there was a prior relationship, your honor, but Mr. Travers desecrated it. He violated my client's trust, took advantage of her kindness. Marshall Travers raped her. And although a rape victim's identity is protected by the law, my client has chosen not to remain anonymous. And with your permission, she'd like to Your honor I will hear it. Your honor, it's true that Marshall Travers is no stranger to me. We were friends, and I cared about him deeply, both as a friend and as a colleague. It is also true that, when it seemed that incarceration was going to threaten his fragile health, I petitioned the court that he be released into my custody, as I was acting as his attorney at the time. I did this as an officer of the court, not as an ex-lover. Mr. Travers repaid my kindness by forcing himself on me. Rape is not a crime of passion. It is a crime of violence and power. As such, it doesn't matter how intimate or passionate my previous relationship with Mr. Travers may have been, because intimacy and passion have absolutely nothing to do with rape. On the night in question, without provocation or warning, Mr. Travers committed an act of violence against me. For that, not to allow this argument of " a sexual affair gone sour " be grounds for dismissal. Sexuality had nothing to do with what he did to me. I want to hear the words, Montgomery. Did you tell Carly that she's not to do one stitch of work until after that baby comes? You've been playing house so long, you're beginning to sound like her husband. Just answer the question. I heard the doctor's lists, the risks to her and her baby's health. All right? And I did assure her that her work can wait until she's better. Okay, well, I think you need to talk to her again. Because she says she wants this sketch pad to doodle, but you know she's not going to stop until she cranks out next year's fashions. Somebody needs to make it sink in. Carly will follow doctor's orders. Did I ever tell you how beautiful you've told me constantly, because you're constantly making me angry. Well, something special must be up, because you're looking so radiant I could ravish you. Ugh, please. Don't you dare. Why are you so puckered up? I'm the one who's getting undermined here. If anyone is intent on undermining Monte Carlo as well as this relationship, it's you, Montgomery. I don't trust that guy for one minute. It'd be just like him to ignore the doctor's orders and push Carly to finish those designs. Which is why I'm really glad that she's staying at Emma's, because she's gon na be watched around the clock. Emma will be there, Jack will be there every other minute, and you'll be there looking out after her, too. What? It just now hit me. How many people are in line to look after Carly. Mike, how the brink of losing their child, their job and their husband? You want her and the baby looked after, right? Of course I do. I just wish that there was enough of your tender loving care to go around. Molly, there is. You know that. I need to say something. Mike, when Carly told you that we should move back in together, and you didn't know where to look, it was like you stabbed a knife through my heart. No, let me say something. You don't have to say anything, because I get it. I get the message. You don't want me back. And you have no idea how much that hurts. Oh, this stinks. Oh, great, Craig. You couldn't even bring the right pencils. Stink, stink Surprise. Yes, it is. More like a hallucination. Mind if I pop in, say hello? avoid all stress, so you can leave now, or I can have you thrown out like the garbage. Oh, speaking of garbage having trouble getting started? That is none of your business. Well, no, fashion is my business. Which is the other reason why I came to see you. Barbara, I don't want you here. So leave before I call the hairy nurse with the tattoos. Oh, Rosanna was very worried about you. She thought that you'd be under too much stress to discuss your company. Did did you just say what I thought you said? I ran into your sister at the Lakeview today, and she told me about your recent medical crisis and how worried that she was that it would affect Monte Carlo. Okay, wait, wait. Wait a minute. You and Rosanna discussed me and Monte Carlo? Oh, don't get your blood pressure up. We were making consideration, I've decided the aggravated rape charges against T. Marshall Travers will stand. However, I am setting bail at $25,000. The trial will begin three weeks hence. (Gavel-bangs) This court is adjourned. Well, there's no turning back now. You did a terrific job. Very courageous. Yeah, or downright crazy. Well, it's one of the reasons I love you. We're in this together, all right? You don't know how much I need to hear you say that. Well, I'm gon na go tell Evelyn about this tape. Okay. I have to admit, I'm really happy I'm not the D.A. Today. You know, it takes a special kind of man to stand by his woman when the odds are so clearly stacked against her. Especially when he knows the whole sordid truth. You know, if I were you, I would keep walking before I take away the night in question, when I allegedly violated Jessica, didn't she send you home? So? She wasn't afraid to be left alone with me. She didn't see me as a threat. No. Instead she sent you home. She wanted to comfort me, and that's exactly what she did. Anything else she says is total fiction. I'm only telling you because I don't want you to play yourself for a fool one more time. Look, just admit it. You want to force Carly to finish those designs in time for the New York show. So? " So "? She'll either lose the baby, lose her life, or crank out work that is hopelessly sub par. Any which way, we'll lose. She is doodling, not operating heavy machinery. You ought to have a little faith in her abilities. Oh, yes. She's a very talented designer. Her skills out. However, in her condition, she can not put out a line that is worthy of the Monte Carlo label. She's a sick woman. Carly's pregnant. Barbara is a sick woman. Look, a child's life hangs in the balance here. Why can't you just acknowledge that and leave her alone? I don't want to argue about this. Well, neither do I. So I am going to bottom-line it for you. All right? Barbara's involvement in anything I do is unacceptable. So, if she is in bed with Monte Carlo, then the two of you sleep alone. You had a conversation with Rosanna about Monte Carlo and the line that I'm designing? That's right. Today? You know, I just hope that this medical crisis doesn't interfere with the deadline that you've given yourself. How long did they tell you you have to convalesce? I hope it be unfortunate. Well, if it isn't the grim reaper of style. She's so desperate that she'll wait on the sidelines for somebody with a real career and real talent to fail That's not fair, Carly. Well, it ain't gon na happen. I only stopped by to check on you. Well, you've checked. You've done your checking. I still have a pulse. Now, go Get out of here Hey Oh, ladies. Am I interrupting something? Yes, lucky for that she-beast, you did. Now, get her out of here before I kill her You know, we've run into each other twice today. What a what a happy coincidence. Rose? Uh, Barbara, I think you should give Carly some space. Carly, you know, I really do mean it. I wish you all the luck in everything. Rose I feel like I'm gon na throw up from what I've just witnessed. You can't walk around with your teeth clenched all the time. You know, you just take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Don't tell me you're making nice because of Paul. I am not telling you nothing until you tell me what's going on with her with you. That bloodsucking witch is trying to steal Monte Carlo right out from under me. Thank you, Evelyn. You're very welcome. Well, Evelyn thinks that the tape should be ruled inadmissible. So that's what we're gon na go for. Thank you. For what? For being here. I wouldn't have been able to go through with this if you hadn't been here. Are you okay? Um yeah. Yeah, I'm just kinda tired, I guess. Me, too. So, let Well, I did it. Yes, you did. And all I could think was, " there goes my hero. " Very, very brave. Great job. Thanks, Jack. Well, he's out on bail, so if you need any protection at all No, no, no. I'm sure I'll be okay. I think I can face just about anything as long as I have my baby girl and Ben by my side. Hey, you still have that letter that Travers wrote Jessica? Hold onto it for me. I think I want to look at it, after all. Seems like no matter what I do, I end up hurting you. Which is which is the absolute last thing that I want to do. It's just when Carly sandbagged us with the idea of you moving back in, it just it caught me off guard. " Sandbagged "? Nice just your nicer way of saying that our future has nothing in store for us than being friends. Don't make it sound like that. Well, like what? Like the truth? Because that's all I want. The truth is that I am glad that Carly has a place to live. All right? And I'm very happy that we're talking again, but But, Mike, you know what? Don't say anything else. I get the picture. No, you don't. Look, the commitment that I've made to Carly because of the baby, it's just it's even more complicated now that her health is threatened. That's all. I understand that. And frankly, I wouldn't expect anything less from you. I just I just don't want to play house until everything is settled. Look, I don't want to play house, either. Okay? And everything Jack is gon na rip up those divorce papers. Emma's gon na spoil Carly rotten. And that leaves us. You and me. You know what you want? I want to show you how much I believe in us. And I want you to know that I accept Carly's baby in our life. I don't want to play house. I want to play for keeps. Will you marry me? Hi. Good evening, sir. What can I get for you tonight? Yeah, can you ring Barbara Ryan's suite? I left a few messages on her cell phone. She hasn't called me back. Thanks. I got your messages, but they were rather confusing. Is everything all right? Yeah, everything's fine. Rose told me she spoke to you earlier. You didn't know about that? Total and a complete surprise. Well, that Rose D'Angelo, she is full of to hear that your wedding plans are back on. Thank you. And that everything is back on track for you both. Thank you. I've already asked Will to be a part of the ceremony. Have you? Yeah. That's wonderful. I'm sure he was thrilled. He adores you, Paul. And Rose. And I know it would mean the world to him if you were there with us, too. What are you saying? Weddings are about family. Coming together, sharing each other's lives. Rose's part of the chapel is gon na be filled with D'Angelos and Snyders and Walshes and half the Atlantic City showgirl population. And I I want my family to be with me on the most important day of my life, too. Okay? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Thank Rose. That woman's got a heart bigger than life. No. That woman is Is she crazy? No, don't answer that question. Did she come out and say that to you right there, right here? No, she's too sneaky for that. She just asked me how I was feeling, and then she happened to mention that she and Rosanna were talking about whether my medical condition would keep me from meeting my deadlines at work. She's got some nerve, that broad. Rose, I swear, if that woman stands in for me at Monte Carlo, even for one second, I can not stand it I would see her dead first Now, Carly, Carly. Is that attitude really helping matters? Hello, Rose. We're having a private conversation. Speaking of private, I just came from the Lakeview. Where Mike Kasnoff and his ex-girlfriend accused me of forcing you to design against your will. Oh, you ain't seen nothing yet. What's this about your ex-wife trying What? I wouldn't let Barbara in out of the rain. You know, Rose, thank you. But I think that we should discuss this, just the two of us. Discuss what " just the two of us "? You ought a be ashamed of yourself. And you, I will come by tomorrow with Emily and some sparkling cider. We'll have a little party. Sounds great. Don't worry about Barbara Ryan. She won't step out of line again. Thanks, Rose. Carly, if we're going to make that deadline, you can not keep letting people in on our secret. Let me tell you something. If you let Rosanna hand Monte Carlo over to Barbara Ryan, I'm gon na murder the three of ya and let the buzzards pluck out your eyes. Is that clear? 
It must've taken everything you had to get up there and make that statement in front of everyone. Ben will you take her home for me? Hey, no problem. I need to run by the club and check on a few things. Okay. Okay, I'll call you later? Yeah. Okay. Ready to get out of here? Like you wouldn't believe. Ms. Griffin, can we get a comment, please? Were you the victim of acquaintance rape? Ms. Griffin is not prepared to make any statements tonight. Thank you. Okay, okay. All right. Yes, I was raped. Yes, I am accusing T. Marshall Travers. And we'll be going to trial in three weeks. And, yes, you have permission to use my name. Thank you. Let's go. When am I gon na be able to get out of here? Soon as I file this with the county clerk, you'll be a free man. I don't know how " free " I'm actually gon na be. Every reporter from here to Chicago's gon na beat a path to my door. Look on the bright side. You're not going to jail. I've been forced into a three-ring circus, though. And thanks to Jessica, I'm the main attraction. You you want to get married to me? I'm sorry. I'm just I'm a little confused. I mean, I just finished saying that this isn't the right time for us to live together again, and you suggest that we get married. I've never been more serious in my life. We've I know, but that doesn't mean that we ever stopped loving each other. You've made it abundantly clear that you're not real wild about me being the father to Carly's child. Mike, okay, we've both said things that we wish that we could take back. I mean, some ideas, they just take some time to get used to. But how? I mean, where's all this coming from? It's because of what Carly said. Mike, if we keep dragging our feet on the way back to each other, we could lose our way, and it could be too late. And life is too short to waste a minute of it. Okay, I mean, look at what happened to her. She was fine. The baby was fine. Her pregnancy was chugging right along. And then bam Her blood pressure skyrockets. The baby gets in distress. And they're in the hospital, fighting . You think that we have forever, but we don't. Okay ?' Cause you know what? I learned that the hard way. Because Jake and I made that mistake. I don't want to make that mistake again. Mike, not with you. So this is a leap. I know. But we were really great together, right? I mean, before all this happened, we were. We made each other laugh a lot. Right? And we fit. I mean, we really fit. And I know that, when you and somebody fit like that, you don't let it go. You grab on. So I know this sounds really sudden and a bit loony. But we were really great. And I know that we can be really great again. I know that. So what do you think? Let me tell you something, Craig. If you allow Rosanna to hand Monte Carlo over to Barbara, I pluck out your eyes. Do you understand me? That's not exactly the kind of positive image an expectant mother should be carrying around. Just keep Barbara Ryan away from my fall collection. There's no way that Barbara Ryan is gon na get involved with Monte Carlo. Really? Well, then why was she just here, pretending that she and Rosanna are concerned about my health? She seemed a little too interested in my ability to finish the designs on time, Craig. I think she's salivating over the prospect of taking over for me. Well, don't worry about Barbara. Let me handle Barbara and Rosanna. Mrs. Snyder? Your sister's outside. She'd like to leave a gift for you. Is it ticking? I beg your pardon? Let her come in, please. Remember your blood pressure. Remember my promise to dismember her. Hello, Carly you'd be here. I guess I should've guessed. Well, I just came to drop off this little basket. Won't keep you. But I think this should keep you busy for a little while. That is so nice of you. You want to keep me busy. To want to keep my mind off Monte Carlo. What would I do without you, Rosanna? Why don't we let Carly alone in peace, huh? No, no, no No, please, don't rush away on my account, Craig. At least, not until Rosanna gets what she came here for. I'm sorry. What do you think it is I came here for? Please. You want to see my dreams go up in smoke. Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, sis. But you're wasting your time. Because that is not going to happen. Could somebody please explain to me what is going on, asking Carly questions about her health and how she was gon na make her deadline. And you think I have something to do with that? You hired Barbara to replace me because you are desperate to see me fail. Oh, that's absolute nonsense. No one hired anyone. I simply asked Barbara to come up with a few designs to shadow you. " Shadow " me? Yes. I would not be a responsible executive if I didn't come up with a contingency plan, now, would I? Let's go, all right? Oh, yes, by all means. Let's leave before someone accuses me of trying to sabotage her health by my mere presence Yes Too late for that You are aware that I had nothing to do with Barbara showing up here in Carly's room tonight. You're the one who called her up. Well, I'm having a few hesitations about Carly was made for this. Okay? So please inform Barbara that her backup is no longer required. I am not going to allow you to make a choice that is going to drive Monte Carlo into the ground. I thought Monte Carlo was mine. It was a gift I didn't realize there were strings attached. You are making a decision based on what, habit? Sentimentality? On talent. On notoriety. On loyalty. Loyalty? When are you gon na be loyal to me? Rosanna, this is business, not fidelity. All right? And if I wanted a woman to control me, I could've stayed with Sierra. All right, when are you gon na trust me on this? Well, when are you gon na trust me? This is ridiculous. I mean, listen to us. We're fighting over a company. Are we really gon na let something as vain, if we're married, then I get a whole new foundation to build on. Because I'll know that you love me because you'll have promised to love me forever. You mean, like a guarantee. That no matter what happened before, I'm yours now. You can not rely on a piece of paper to give you the things that you want. If you can't feel it in your heart, then there's just a lot of things that we need to work through and the timing is wrong. Because of Carly. She needs me. As a friend, all right? As the guy who tells her the truth, no strings attached. I mean, when I finally get married, I want to be able to give my wife my undivided attention. And right now, I am just not in the position to do that. So Carly gets Jack to coddle her, Emma to nurse her back to health, Craig be the perfect daddy. And what do I get? Nada. Molly, don't start resenting Carly now, especially after you guys just started patching things up. Do you know how sick I am of talking about me and Carly, Mike? What about me and you? Molly, look, you know that I'd love to put ourselves You know what? Just do me a favor, Mike. Forget that whole proposal thing. Forget that I ever spouted that out of my mouth. Because I don't know what I was thinking. But I'm gon na promise you something. I am gon na vow that you will never have to worry about me distracting you from Carly's needs ever again. Bunch of jackals. How you feeling? I'm okay. I guess you should be getting back to the hospital. Yeah, yeah. I saw you on your cell phone, and the look on your face, or something. No. Is everything okay? (Doorbell-rings) Let me get that. I'm not talking to any reporters. Kim and Lisa? Hi, dear. Is Jess home yet? Yeah. Could she use a little company? Sure, come on in. Hi, baby. Honey, are you all right? Jess, we couldn't believe our ears when we heard the news. Is there anything that we can do for you? No, thank you. Thank you, both of you. I'm fine. Or at least I will be. Now that I see you're not alone here, I'm gon na get going. Listen, we didn't mean to run you off. No, never. Really, I I have some loose ends I need to tie up. Call you later, okay? Okay. Now, look you lock this door you know them. Thank you. Jess, that's very good advice. Don't open that door to anyone, unless you know them. Now, unfortunately, it's not always the people you don't know who hurt you the most. Sometimes it's the ones you do know. Hey. How's it going? Not too busy. You know, I was really hoping you'd show up at the courthouse for Marshall's arraignment today. My mom could've really used your support, along with mine and Ben's. Ben was there? Yeah, where else would he be? Well, that's Ben for you. Faithful to the bone, loyal to a fault. Look I know you don't necessarily have faith in my mother's version of events, especially thanks to that letter Marshall wrote which we should never have read. But I want you to be really careful with what you say brother. But if you have doubts and opinions, I really wish that you would keep them to yourself? Please. Because she is my mother, Isaac. And she needs validation right now from everybody who loves her. Sweetie, you had doubts yourself about what happened that night. But now I don't. I'm standing next to my mother. And I think, right now, that if there was ever a time we should stand together, this is it. I just hope that you're not asking me to lie for you. No. I would never ask you to do that. You know that. But just try to remember that my mother is the same person she was before Marshall came to Oakdale. Because you were crazy about her. And she was your number one supporter when you came to fight for me in Scotland. She's still that same person, Isaac. And if you think that she's become a liar and a and can't believe in forgiveness then do me a favor just keep it to yourself. I don't want to fight about this with you, okay? Neither do I. But think about what I said. Please? I I've got some errands to run, but I will see you later? Count on it. Okay. Is that the letter? Yeah. I was just talking to Bonnie, and she was saying, if I had any doubts, I should probably keep them to myself. And she might be right. She is. So just stop talking and let me read it. Draw my own conclusions. I thought you were gon na read the damn thing. Suddenly, I'm not so sure I want to know what's inside. Then why'd you come over here all worked up? You looked at that letter like it was the answer to every question you ever had. . Just do do what you got ta do. One thing on the night in question, when I allegedly violated Jessica, didn't she send you home? So? She wasn't afraid to be left alone with me. She didn't see me as a threat, no. Instead, she sent you home. She wanted to comfort me. And that's exactly what she did. Anything else she says is total fiction. I'm only telling you because I don't want you to play yourself for a fool one more time. Love you. I need you tonight, baby. No. Stop No. Just this once. No Ah Detective Hughes. Ah. I thought for sure you'd have a front row seat at my arraignment today. Well, I had business I had to attend to out of town. Although I really would have enjoyed watching you get But never fear, Mr. Travers. You'll get your day in court. Every accused rapist does. Wait a minute. If if you're trying to equate me with the vicious deviant who attacked you, you're very much mistaken and way out of line. No, I'm not. A rape is a rape. The only difference is the details. I'll see what's keeping your lawyer. Do you know what we need? We need to just get out here, just forget all about this. Forget about Monte Carlo and Barbara and Carly and just leave it all behind. Where would we go? We could go anywhere. We could go to Tahiti. We could bring Lucy with us. You know, it would be just the three of us. What about you? The gazebo? Oh, plans were made to be broken. The only plans that really matter are our that if we just keep snapping at each other and turning into our worst selves. So you just wan na run away, leave everything behind? Yes Yes, why not? Let's go. We could go wouldn't it be elegant if we just have a wedding in the tropics? Sure, but what about Lucy and Oh, Lucy, well, we could bring a team of physical therapists. We could call Sierra, ask her to come, keep Lucy company. The only thing that matters is that we hold onto who we are. We can't do that if we just keep going at each other's throats. It isn't right. No. No, it's not. So let's do it, huh? Come on. Let's go. And what about Monte Carlo? We'll sell it. I never wanted that company, anyway. All I want is you. That's it shouldn't we be spontaneous? You know, we could grab our toothbrushes and our passports and just charter a plane for the south pacific. How about it? It'd be nice if I could. You can't. Because of Carly? Well, your sister her so-called marriage is circling the drain. She's in danger of losing an unborn child, your niece. And now you want to take away the company from her, too? Okay, let's give it to her. What do you say? Lock, stock and barrel. I can't do that. Can't do that. Like it or not, Carly and I have a partnership. We have a commitment. That's what partners are. I see. And what the hell am I? You are the woman I love. You're the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. Carly, she's just a business partner. Why can't you trust that? Do I have a choice? Rosanna? (Craig-sighs) Barbara? I want to talk about your involvement in Monte Carlo. Let's talk about this. I said forget it. So just leave No, what if I don't want to leave? What if I want to stay here, right here, with you? Can't. Because your life is not your own anymore. Remember? You can't just hang out with me and try to fix things between us. No, because Carly might need a massage, or Carly might need a glass of milk. So don't let me keep you, Mike. I've been as honest and as clear with you as I can. Painfully. Do you think you're the only person who's hurting here? You know forget it. If the truth isn't enough for you, I don't know what is. All . (Molly-crying) Excuse me, Eddie? Can I get a martini over here? Make it a double. You say what you want to say about Marshall Travers. But that letter he wrote to Jessica shines a whole new light on what happened that night. It's still just his word against hers. Look, man, now, I see this all the time. Okay? Two people, they have sex. He wants it. She wants it. Everything is cool. And then somewhere along the way, she gets a case of the guilts. You know, she's worried that her mama or her minister or her husband or her boyfriend is gon na find out. No, Isaac, I sure hope that I don't have to tell you that anytime a woman says no, that's rape. And what if she didn't say no? What if those nos turned to yeses? No, Jessica said no, and I to you again, man. No, she's not doing anything to me. It's everybody else. It's giving me letters. It's making insinuations. Just passing along information, information you wanted. This is not information This is bull If you think Jessica would purposely lie just to protect herself, that she would let an innocent man go to trial for rape just because she didn't wan na take the heat and admit that she really wanted to be with him, then you don't know the first damn thing about that woman, or any other woman. Is somebody there? Who's there? I told you not to come back here. Now, get out Don't make me use this I will shoot you I swear to God, I will. Mom , please don't shoot Don't shoot It's me, mom Please Bonnie? . Oh, my God, bonnie. Oh, my baby Oh. I almost pulled the trigger. I'm so sorry It's okay. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. It's okay. It's okay, shh. Oh, Bonnie, I will never forgive myself. I am so sorry Are you all right? I'm okay. I'm okay. What about you? Are you all right? What are you doing here? You're not supposed to be here I know I'm sorry I just I would've called, but I just I could've sworn that you would be upstairs, asleep. So I just I don't know. I decided just to come by. Mom. Mom what happened? I was trying to go to sleep. And then I heard noises. I thought it was Marshall. So you went for your was stupid. I know. You know I'm gon na wait till you're much stronger before I lecture you on that, okay? Listen to me, mom. You have got to get some sleep. I can't sleep. I can't think. I can't stop shaking. I mean, this this isn't me, Bonnie. I feel like I'm in somebody else's skin. And no matter what I do, I feel like this feeling will never go away. (Jessica-sobbing) Okay, shh. Shh. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. I have a message to relay. From whom? INS. Your daughter's remains have arrived at the airport. All the paperwork you need to sign will be waiting for you there. If you haven't made arrangements already, you should contact a funeral home for transportation and re-interment. I'm really very sorry. Well, you're 'm late as it is. You have plans? Well, if you're going to go out and celebrate in public, I'll advise against it Newman, Newman. I'm going to meet my daughter for the very first time. And then I'm going to bury her. Alone. Care to tell me why you wanted to meet to discuss my role in Monte Carlo when you've already made it perfectly clear that I'm to have no role? I heard you swooped in on Carly tonight. Yes. Yes, I did. Because I care about her. Carly and I have history, Craig. In fact, we were quite a successful duo for some time. Then you had her kidnapped. And then you put my life through hell. But I'm not here to place blame. I think we all need to come together to help Carly make the April 15th deadline. But, Craig, you and I both Carly can do the job. You have such faith in this woman. Well, the queen of unkept promises. Not a candle to what you're queen of. Care to put your money where your mouth is? A thousand dollars. I'm prepared to lose it all if Carly comes through the way that you say she will. What, not gon na up the ante? Doesn't show very good faith, Craig. Want some company? Sure, come on in. What'cha got there? A lot of magazines to cure your boredom, as promised. Well, thank you. Does this mean that you'll forgive me? For what? Sticking my foot in it earlier. I know that I was butting in when I told Molly that she should move back into the Lake house. Don't worry about it. All right? I was just so happy to see the two of you standing there together na work out for all of us, you know? You really don't need to worry about us, Carly. I can't help it I am reason that you guys broke up. I want to be part of the reason that you guys get back together. You'd have to be blind not to see that Molly still loves you and that you still love her. Why aren't you saying anything? Molly's not moving in with you, is she? I'm sorry. Yeah. So am I. Half of me just wants to go to her and just grab her and hold onto her, until she stops hurting. Then why don't you do that? Because the other half, the smarter half, says I just need to leave her alone and wait around till she comes around on her own. Or not. Are you sure that's the smarter half? Molly's a big girl. She can take care else? Oh, I think you probably could. But let's just start with another martini. Excuse me martini, please? Could you make it a double, please? They say misery loves company. That's what they say. Well, what have we here? You know, Rosanna, for the first time ever and I'm talking ever I think we possibly just might have something in common. Marshall and Jessica are the only ones who know whether things were given willingly or whether they were taken by force. But that letter admit it that letter makes you think If by think, you mean doubt, I do not doubt Jessica. I believe her. How are you so sure she's telling the truth this time? I'm sure because Jessica loves me, and I love her. I love Jessica, too, man, but No, no, no, you know what love is, man. Oh. That's good. Isn't it? So should I call Ben, have him stop by when he's finished at the hospital? No, no. I think Ben needs a night away from all of this. At the courthouse, it seemed like he was, you know, a little tense. Did you notice that? Well you know Dr. Ben. He always feels like he can pull out a scalpel and make everything better. He's probably just a little stressed, mom. I mean, we're all a little edgy. But it'll pass. Eventually. Won't it? Eventually. Okay, so, in the meantime what are we gon na do about that? Oh, God, Bonnie. When I think what might have happened, what could have happened if I pulled the trigger without knowing I know. It was my God. Mom. (Jessica-sobbing) I'm okay. Mom? I'm so sorry. We're gon na be okay. We're gon na be fine. How? Haven't quite figured that out yet. But I do know one thing. First thing tomorrow morning, we're getting rid of that. A thousand dollars says that Carly sinks like a stone. I've seen the work she's churning out, Craig. You better get out while you can. Save your money. Carly will come through. You can't fool me, Craig. I can't? (Barbara-laughs) Well, you know what? If you were really as confident as you're pretending to be, you'd have upped the ante tenfold. But when Carly doesn't do what you think she's gon na do, you'll always have me to fall back on. I would give sketch pads to Rhesus monkeys before I hired you the rest of your simian friends. You're gon na need them. Would someone please tell me anyone why Carly always gets to wind up with everything? Mm. Don't get me started. Cheers, yourself. So I asked Mike to marry me today. You didn't. How did that go for you? Like a dream. Oh, did I say, " like a dream "? Guess I meant, " like a nightmare. " Which would explain why I'm here getting boozy with it with you when Mike is off, I don't know, tending to Carly's every whim. Carly. What a coincidence. I just asked Craig to run away with me to the tropics. How'd that go for you? Tremendously. Which is why I'm sitting here " getting boozy with it " with you. (Molly-laughs) While Craig is off pampering the pregnant princess. Ew, don't say, that would really explain things. I mean, of course Craig couldn't leave town with Carly being so absolutely needy. That's all right, dear. What is wrong with this picture? I don't know. I mean, we're two intelligent, attractive women. Amen. What is wrong why is it that every man we want goes running off to her side just because she bats an eyelash? It is a question that has plagued me for eternity. So what are we gon na do about it? How are we gon na take care of this Carly problem? What do you mean by that, Rosanna? Well, we have to find some way to stop getting the short end, don't we? Okay, I think that sounds a little extreme. Well, fine. You can do what you want. But I can't sit back and let Carly steal my man. Not anymore. 
Bonnie, it's me again. Listen, sweetheart, call me when you get this message when you get all of these messages. I love you. (Doorbell-rings) Marshall? Is your daughter here? No. May I come in? Do I need to call the police? Considering the way your daughter's been treating me, I'm the one who should be asking for protection. I'm here as a professional courtesy. One lawyer to another, there's something I thought you should know. What is it? I've filed a motion to be legally declared Sarah's father. There's a court order to that effect being issued as we speak. Well, that's not a surprise. Something tells me there's more to this story. Must be parental instinct. There's still the matter of the charges the criminal charges that I could still bring against Bonnie. But surely you won't. Why not? She broke into my suite, hijacked are only the crimes that I know about. Okay, Marshall, this isn't the courtroom. You can wrap up the opening statement and get to the point. If you can not or will not force your daughter to stay out of my life, I'll do it for you. Hey, what are you doing here? Waiting for you. I kind of figured you'd stop by this morning to pick up some of your stuff from the office. How did you sleep? I didn't. Me neither. Too busy thinking about you and Sarah. Thinking about what? How she's gone through her life believing she's all alone, how she's right. And she she thinks nobody understands her, nobody would accept her. And then you came along, and you changed that. And now, who knows what's gon na happen next? Why are you saying all of this, Isaac? I've been there, where everything is good, life is great, and then why don't you just tell me, Bonnie? Why don't you just make this easier on both of us? Honey, what do you think I'm gon na say? That you don't want to marry me anymore. It must really feel good, getting out of that bed and out of that room after so long. For me? Days. For you, it was weeks. No, no. For us, it was forever. Us? Yeah, us. Welcome back, Bob. (Cheers-and-applause) Emily, it's good to see you again. I'm sorry, do I know you? Just a concerned friend and neighbor. I was so sorry to hear about Alison. How does it feel knowing your mother married the man who murdered your sister? How do you think it feels? That sicko that her daughter somebody just get this person out of my sight, please Hey, take care of this, would you? Honey, I'm so sorry. Don't worry about me. Please, just find my mother. Find my mother before she's next. This just feels so right. Why didn't we take this time for ourselves earlier? How you feeling this morning? I feel like a new man. The anxiety attack that I had last night was one of the worst I've had in years. Thank God you were here with me. You have a way of making me feel that everything's right with the world, that I'm untouchable. How do you do it? I know about anxiety attacks. Alison used to have them. Which reminds me, I I really should let her know where I am. If I call her right now, I can catch her before she leaves for work., no. I can't have you do that. Why not? (Susan-groaning) No, no. You you won't be calling anyone not today. Rick, what are you talking about? You're gon na hold me hostage? Yes. I'm gon na hold you hostage for the rest of your life. (Rick-laughs) of course you can call your family. I mean, you can call the entire entire population of Illinois. But can't we just have today for ourselves? Well No, I mean, we've never had a honeymoon. I've never had a chance to steal you away from your family and make you mine. Can't we just make today ours? Can't we just be alone? Show me how much you love me. If it's that important to you Yes, it is. Okay, no calls. Oh, darling, thank you. You don't know what are we going to do today? I don't know. I thought we'd take a drive. A drive, really? Where to? No questions. Let's just say it's someplace you've never been before. Now, why don't we get showered and dressed, all right? Don't want to lose any more time, huh? Come on. Oh, no, sweetie. You know how long it takes me to get myself together. You you go ahead and shower. Now remember, you promised, no calls. If someone manages to wheedle you out of here with some trumped-up emergency, I don't know what I'll do. I said no calls. You have my word. Well, that's always been good enough for me. I'll be right back. What? Oh - Welcome back. Welcome back. Here. Ladies and gentlemen, I have a long-overdue completes his miraculous recovery, he will be returning to us as chief of staff of this hospital. Applause and may I just say, as the man who had the near-impossible task of trying to fill his shoes, I'm very happy to hear that. Welcome back, Bob. Thank you, John. And everyone. Mrs. Hughes? Yes, dear? There is a phone call for you. They said it's important. Oh. Okay. Where's Susan? Nobody's seen her since yesterday. The police believe that she's with Rick. Why? Well, a couple of weeks ago, they were married. She can't believe that Rick was responsible for the murders around here. He had all of us fooled. Well, except for Dr. Daniels. Kim, where did you go? Honey, uh, I have some news that I have to tell you, only just called me. The the studio's been trying to reach me. There's been some terrible news about Alison. Actually, that's why I'm here, and I think you probably better hear this from me. It can't be. It could be a mistake. No. No, not Alison. She can't be. She's home. I left her home. I left her home. She's safe. " The young victim was last seen alive leaving Fidelity Bank, accompanied by Dr. Eric Decker, physician on staff at Memorial Hospital. " No, no. (Susan-sobs) Hey, Susan Time for two in the shower? The water's nice and hot. Why don't we start this honeymoon off with a bang? All right, look, anything with a press pass, anybody looking for a comment, any anybody with a film or a flash, that's the exit. Use it. All when there's anything to report. And thank you for your cooperation. Thank you. We'll let you do your job when you let us do our job. Thank you, thank you. Thank you very much. We'll see you guys later. Hello? Emily? Thank God I I found you. Mom It's Mom I just saw the newspaper. It's not true. Tell me it's not true. It can't be true. Emily Mom, I am so sorry. No. No. Oh, God, no. Mom, where are you? Tell us where you are so we can come and get you. Rick is here. He's in the shower. He doesn't know I know yet. You've got to get out of there, now Susan, just try to stay calm. Where are you? I I The Knotty Pine? I don't know. On the computer, a motel with the word " pine " in it. How could I let that lunatic into my life? Susan, don't think about any of that right now. Think about what Alison would want you to do. What she would want you to do is to get the hell out of that room, Susan. Okay, he's still in the shower. I'll just make a run for it. I just have to grab Susan? Hello? Hello? I thought we said no phone calls. Somebody broke her promise. I was just Yes. Why don't you tell me what you were just about to do? Bonnie was wrong to keep the truth about the DNA results from you. It was inexcusable, I agree. But under the circumstances, I mean, can you blame her for not wanting Sarah to know the The way you've treated Sarah, the way you've treated Bonnie, the way you've treated me? Now look, how I feel about Bonnie and how Bonnie feels about me are beside the point. What happens next is up to a judge to decide. You know, Marshall, it doesn't even have to go that far. You could make all of this go away. You know, I tried before to make it all go away. Then your daughter broke into my room, armed, dangerous and ready to kill. I'm the one who kept her behind out of jail, and this is how she repays me? Okay, okay, if you won't do it for Bonnie, then do it for yourself. Wait a minute. Keeping your daughter out of jail is somehow supposed to benefit me? Now this I have to hear. Because when the defense explains why Bonnie did what she did, why she felt she she would go to prison to keep that little girl safe okay, couple that with the fact that you are trying to send the only person that Sarah's ever cared about to jail? You will have no chance of winning that little girl's love. So go ahead, do your thing. Either way, Bonnie wins. Sounds like you've thought this through. Well, obviously I did. I'm a lawyer and a mother. I see. And as a lawyer and a mother, you'd do anything to protect your child. What's your point, Marshall? What did you know about Bonnie's plan to keep Sarah's paternity a secret, and when did you know about it? Wait a minute. You think I was involved in this? Were you? Oh, this is ridiculous Did you put Bonnie up to this? Marshall, I was the one who tried to help you find Zara in your behalf. I was there when you were told that your daughter was dead. I risked my relationship with the man I love because I gave a damn about you and your child. I brought you into my home, and how do you repay me? You raped me on the very night Answer my question. Answer my question. And tell me the truth. I've told you nothing but the truth since the day you slithered into town, which is more than I can say for you. And you have the audacity to ask me if I was involved? Okay, once and for all, and for the record, I found out that Sarah was your daughter the same day you did. And I was going to tell you about it myself after I took care of Bonnie, but you storm over here, and everything gets out of control. Yeah, out of control is an understatement. Look, I've got some legal matters to attend to . Wait a minute. What are you planning to do to my daughter? Are you gon na press charges or not? Marshall - We keep talking in circles, but you still haven't answered my question. That's because what you're asking can't be answered with a simple yes or no. Look, if you can't be honest with me, at least be honest with yourself. The only reason you wanted to marry me was because of Sarah, because I was handy, because it was me or nothing. Isaac, I love you. Look, all I know is that the club that I love is gone. The partnership that we have has dissolved. Your plans to adopt Sarah are dead in the water. I don't know what is keeping us together. You don't mean that, Isaac. I know that you love me. And every time we try to go to the next level, something happens together, we would be together, no matter what, no matter who came I just know that there's always going to be something to come between us. Oh, honey I don't know what to say. See, that's the thing. You could say anything. You could fight for me the way you fought for Sarah, the way I fought for you in Scotland. You could say anything. Can we talk about this later, please? As you wish, duchess. Isaac you and I are adults. We can work through whatever problems we have, but Sarah is I'm sorry, but I have to find out what's going on with her. Who were you calling? Room service. I told them they they better put a rush on our order, or I'm gon na have to go down there and pick it up myself. This motel doesn't have room service. down the road. You know how I am without my morning caffeine. I'm impossible. Why don't I go down there and pick it up while you finish dressing? We can't very well start our honeymoon without with with empty stomachs, can we? You're always thinking, aren't you? I'll be right back. No, no, no. No, you're not going anywhere, not until I get my kiss. There's lots more where that came from when I come back, all right? Susan, you know how I hate when you lie to me, hmm? Do you want to explain this to me? You explain it You explain how I could've married a monster like you You took away the one thing I loved in the whole world You murdered my daughter, didn't you, you bastard? You bastard You bastard Hal, I got an address Motel, route 57 off Luther's Corners. Grab the number. We'll call on the way. All right, we need backup Let's go, boys Be careful I'll call when I know something. Okay. Oh, my God. Mom called. How is she? I don't know. She's still with Rick, but Hal's on his way to go get her. Well, Rick's kept her safe and alive this long. That's a good sign. How are you holding up? I'm fine. I'll be just fine. But what I really want to know is, are you gon na be okay after everything you've been through? Tell me that mom's gon na be okay. Tell me that she won't be the one to die instead of me. Note to self make damn sure Bonnie never sees Sarah again. And to go now, too. So those stories in the news were actually planted? I mean, Alison is really alive? Physically, she's unharmed. Emotionally, I don't know, but she is in police custody down at the station. Oh, my golly. And Susan, what about her? Is she still with Rick? Hal and Margo are on top of that, and I think we need to let them just do their job and hope for the best, which we have been doing a lot of lately, you know? With you in that coma, none of us knew how we were gon na get through this without you. Every day, every night, I'd come here and sit by your bed. I know. And you would turn on my favorite radio station and tell me to come back. How how could you know that? I heard you. I heard Kim and Chris telling me to fighting. I knew you were listening. I'm back because of your love and prayers. No, sweetheart, you are back here because, thank God, you are too stubborn to go anywhere else. And we are never gon na let you go ever again. Next time you need a corpse, let somebody else do the job. How horrible was it, being on the phone with mom, letting her think that I Honey, I just hope to God I never, ever have to do anything like that for as long as I live. I just know it was the best way, probably the only way to find out where mom was. Well, I wanted to tell her so badly it wasn't true, but I knew I can't. We have to believe she's gon na get away from him, Ali. We have to believe that. Yeah, and I'm trying that, Emily. But the guy . Alison, you were a pretty cool customer yesterday when he had you cornered at the bank. What happened with all that? I don't know any of the details. Come on, are you gon na tell me, or do I have to read it from the competition? You don't know? No, I don't know anything. All Hal told me is that we all had to pretend that Rick killed Alison so that we could find mom, and Rick would have no escape. But why did Rick think you're dead? Because he tried to kill me the same way that he killed the others. With potassium chloride? I don't understand. You should be dead or in a coma. This is where it gets good. Okay, I am totally lost, you guys. Okay, I was in the safety deposit room at the bank. It was just me and Rick's twisted little box of tricks all of the sick souvenirs Rick kept from his victims was the syringes and potassium chloride. I knew that if he got his hands on that that he would use it, so I had to get rid of it. I used a syringe to empty the potassium chloride vial. But he had to know it was empty. It wasn't empty. Because before I even opened the safety deposit box, the lady at the bank, she gave me a bottle of water because I was so devastated over my " poor daddy's " death. So there I was, poison in one hand and the water in the other. So I just did what came naturally. I covered my tracks, and I filled the vial with pure spring water. And Rick never knew the difference. That is unbelievable. How did you get to be so sneaky anyway? Mom would say I got it from you. Poor mom. Do you think that she's gotten away from him Yeah, but what if this plan backfires? Alison, we had to let the story run in the papers in order to flush him out of hiding. Listen, she's gon na know the truth soon enough. Mom's gon na find a way out. I know it. She's a lot sneaker than you give her credit for, honey. It's genetic. Yeah, well, I can't just stand waiting around. There has to be something that we can do. No, there's nothing you can do, honey. There are tons of cops on the streets, and you've been up all night. You need to go home and rest, okay? Emily, there's no way I can get any rest I can't just stand being cooped up around here not knowing if mom's gon na be alive or if she's Don't you say that. Don't you even think it. Mom is . All right, listen, can you take her home, please? I want you to put this stuff on. Here, go out the back door so the press doesn't get you, all right? But you promise that you will call me if you hear anything. Of course I'll call you. Just, Emily, tell me that mom's gon na be okay. Tell me that she won't be the one to die instead of me. Oh, my God Alison is dead? How could this have happened? You did Who could have done this to her? No, I didn't. I was with you last night. Stop it, Rick Darling, don't you see? This proves that I'm not the killer. I couldn't have done anything to hurt Alison. I know what's going through your mind. Just just lay down, please. Let me get you You want to murder me like you murdered those other people? No, darling. Darling, I wouldn't lie to you. I love you. You don't love me, Rick You don't know what love is You killed all those people, didn't you? And you tried to kill Bob, too, but it didn't work, did it? No, it didn't. Oh, my. All those people. And my little girl? How could you? How could you? Because I had to. Just tell me why. Why? What did she ever do to you? She was in the way. She knew too much, and she hated me. She was just a little girl. No, she despised me She crossed over the line one too many times, and I had to put a stop to it. She had to go. And I'm sorry, too. Any luck getting a hold of Sarah? They won't let me talk to her. They won't let me leave a message. And they have none to pass along to me. " Oh, and don't bother dropping by again, Ms. McKechnie, because Sarah can't have visitors. " They'll make an exception for some of us. What are you doing here? I was passing by on my way to Durgin, and I saw your car. I couldn't just drive by without saying thank you. For what? Breaking into my suite and running that DNA test without my knowledge or permission. If you hadn't, it would've taken me weeks, probably, maybe months, before I got the courts to declare me Sarah's biological father and legal guardian. Well, don't I at least get a congratulations? Do you think for one minute anyone here cares about what you say, Marshall mother's advice. I've decided not to press charges against you for the wealth of crimes you committed. I mean, all's well that ends well. I have my daughter, and you have well not so much. Looks like you owe me again. Marshall, don't do me any favors. You'll change your mind. Anyway, I'd love to stay and catch up, but I've got business at the Durgin Street shelter. Sarah's being released to me today. That's impossible. Maybe without your assistance, but You know what, Marshall? Go ahead. You file all the motions you want. You get everything all clean and neat and legalized. But do you think for one minute all your documents and all your rulings is gon na make Sarah love you? She will never love you. Because you will drive her away like you've done with every other woman that you've claimed to love If Sarah has a negative view of me, it is because You deserve it. No, it's because of you and your vindictive, hateful little games. But that's another thing that's about to change. Note to self make damn sure Bonnie never sees Sarah again. Have a good day. Well, my darling, I probably should wheel you back to your room. That's enough excitement for one day, don't you think? Thank you. What are you thanking me for? For everything. Oh, honey. All I did was make sure you got to the right place at the right time. All those balloons and the doctors and nurses and your friends they all came because you are respected. You are loved. And you were sorely missed. I mean everything else. What else is there? People told me that you never left my side. (Kim-laughs) Well, you I don't sleep when you're not there. I love you. Oh, sweetheart. I love you, too. I wish we could go back to the way we were before when you believed in me, when you loved me, when there was nothing that you wouldn't have given me or done for me. You weren't real. None of it was real. I made you up. And you let me. And then you took away my girl, my little girl I just wish you could forget all this. I just wish there was a way you could somehow see why I had to do what I did. You're insane. Now, darling, darling, no, I just wish we could just leave this place together and put all of this behind us. But you couldn't do that, could you? (Rick-sighs) I didn't think so. And so, my sweet you can just (Rick-grunts) Do you think that we fooled the reporters? Yeah, I think so. They're just standing out there, watching and waiting. Can I get you anything on my way back? Way back from where? Chris, you can't leave me Look, Alison, I'm just gon na drive right over to the hospital pharmacy and get you a sedative. I don't want a sedative, Chris. I want you to stay right here with me. And I will stay here with you, okay? As soon as I get back. All right? You'll come right back, right? Yes. I promise. And you have to stay away from the windows and try and relax. Well, how am I supposed to, Chris? My mom's out there thinking that she might not even see me again. If that psycho does anything to her, Chris, I swear that I Alison mom is a lot tougher than she seems. All right? Especially if she's anything like her daughters. Okay? But I got ta tell you, you you gave me the scare of my life. I did? Yeah. When I ran into that shack and I saw you laying there I was afraid that I Me, too. And when I woke up, and I saw your face, I knew that I was gon na be okay. And I knew that I was gon na be safe. And you are. And if anybody ever tries to hurt you again, they're gon na have to go through me first. Do you mean that? Yes. Alison, you still don't get it. Okay, when I ran in there, not knowing what had happened to you, not knowing what I'd find if you hadn't opened your eyes, I - When can I see Bonnie? to you about. These arrived by messenger a few minutes ago. And since they concern you, I think you ought to have a look. We could talk about it. What does this all mean? It means your life is about to change. Because of Bonnie? In a way. It's a complicated situation, Sarah. I know you'll always be grateful to Bonnie for helping you to find your father, but What's this word? " Domicile. " It means where you live. They're gon na be changing where I live? Just give it to me straight out, Troy. You're right. You're not gon na be living here anymore. Well, will I be with Bonnie? I'm sorry, Sarah. Where will I be living, Troy? With your father. You'll be living with me. Isaac thanks for calling me. Where is she been that way since Marshall left. Bonnie. (Bonnie-sobbing) sweetheart. Isaac told me. I'm so sorry. This can't be happening, mom. I can't let it happen. Baby, I understand how you feel. I do. You don't understand. I I promised Sarah that I wouldn't let this happen. I know, but Marshall is Sarah's father. I mean, maybe this is for the best. This is not for the best, mom. He's poison. And I'm gon na make damn sure Sarah never, ever trusts him. Well, just how are you gon na do that? Tell her the truth. That her father's a rapist. Decker, come on out We're coming' in Margo. It's clear All right. (Woman-gasps) hold it Weapons down. What's your business here? You're looking for that couple that way they went? All I know is I heard a crash. I peeked through the window. This woman's running away. Two seconds later, the guy runs out after her. How was she? Was she hurt? When I looked in his eyes, I prayed for that woman. Oh, dammit. We'd better pray, too. We'd better pray that we catch up with Decker before he catches up with Susan. Has Hal called? Nobody's heard from him? Oh, my God Oh, Emily Emily Mom Oh, my God Mom, you're here. You're okay Oh, I was so scared. Let me look at you. Where's Rick? Where is he? Do you know where he is now? I don't know. I don't know. I just I just jumped in my car and got out of there as fast tried to kill me. He tried to kill me. I wish I'd just let him kill me. I don't how I can go on without Mom, no, listen to me Look at me, please Ali's alive. What? What did you say? She's alive. Just listen to me, okay? She's at home, and she's probably sitting by the phone, going out of her mind, waiting for me to tell her that you're okay. Alison's alive? Yes. I'll explain everything later. Just no, I know what I said I promise you I'll explain everything later. Just know that she's safe, and she's home. (Emily-sobs) and it's over. Oh, God, we're all safe. It's gon na be okay. Oh, man. Being dead totally bites. (Door-slams) Chris, why are you using the back door know that you want another kiss? Why wouldn't she want me to know that you were my father? Because Ms. Mckechnie hates me like poison. Well, you must've given her a really good reason. And I want to know what that reason is. Where are you going? To the shelter. It's time Sarah finds out who her daddy really is. What part of the story did you leave out? Decker's still on the loose. The police don't know where he's headed. Oh, my God. Well, we better use it to figure out what Decker's next move is gon na be. Yeah, I know. We better catch him before somebody else dies. Alison Anyone in there? You're too late, Hal My family and I are off to ports unknown Please. Please, no. 
Do I have to? Look, I I know it's a big change. But we'll get used to each other. Haven't you always wanted a father? A father, yes. But not you You can't make me go with you The court granted me custody, Sarah, starting today. What? Sarah, look at the bright side. I mean, no more shelters, no more foster families. Yeah, you'll have your own room, your own books, even your own father. I can't live with you Honey, you're my blood. I mean, we've lost so much time already. We need to you know, get to know each other, find out what we have in common. Like what? I don't know, maybe the fact that we both like chili-burgers? Whatever it is, we'll find out, together. Sarah, this is a good thing. So go home. I'll run away. As soon as you turn your back, I will. Why? Because, Mr. Brilliant lawyer, in case you haven't figured it out yet, I hate you You can not tell Sarah that Marshall is a rapist Mom, I love her. I can not in good conscience let that man just step into her life and play hero. He can play anything that he wants. He is her father, and you can't change that. No, but I can make sure she never lets her guard down against him. Where are you going? To the shelter. It's time Sarah finds out who her daddy really is. Leave it alone, Bonnie. Whose side are you on? If you don't know that by now Isaac is right, honey. You are out for revenge, and that is not the same thing as justice but thanks to " justice, " the system has decided that a rapist is fit to father a beautiful, young girl. Look, Bonnie, I don't like it any more than you do, but the law is on his side. You're right. He's a criminal, and the law is on his side He was never convicted of anything. His record is clean. Would you stop protecting him? I am not protecting him I am trying to protect you I'm a grown woman, Mom. I can take care of myself. But Sarah, she is Sarah Sarah is going to be hurt if you try to bring her father down, Bonnie. Now stay away from that child, and for God's sake, just keep your mouth shut I can't believe that Alison is alive. (Susan-crying) I'm sorry, Mom. I'm so sorry we had to put you through I know, but listen to me. It was the only way. It was the only way we could get you away from Rick. But look look at me It worked. Here you are. And you're okay, and he's never gon na be able to hurt you or any of us ever again. You're sure? You're sure? She's really and truly all right? Yes, she's fine. She's just worried sick about you. Chris took her home. He's trying to calm her down. Oh, she must be absolutely traumatized. And it's all my fault No, Mom, it's not. I brought a monster into our family. I why didn't I see it? You and Ali saw it. Why didn't I see it? Because you loved him, Mom. That's why. Love I wish I never met him. I hope the What if he's out there somewhere Listen to me. Hiding No, no, don't think that. Listen to me If Rick Decker comes back to this police station, it's gon na be in handcuffs. Margo and Hal are closing in on him now. Is this the man? That's him. All right. This officer will take your statement. Margo, I'm gon na take some uniforms. I'm gon na search the woods behind the house. You call Emily and tell her the bad news, and you tell her I'm not giving up on her. (Phone-ringing) Hello? Emily, it's Margo. An eyewitness spotted your mother leaving the motel pursued by Decker. We're searching the area. Margo, its okay. Mom's here with me at the police station. She got away from Rick. Did they find him? That's incredible. Is Susan okay? That's great. I'll tell Hal. Decker's car is gone. Oh, I just talked to Emily at the station, and Susan is there with her. She got away? Yes. Can you believe it? Finally, some good news. Great. Well, that gives us some time, but not much. Well, we better use it to figure out what Decker's next move is gon na be. Yeah, I know. We better catch him before somebody else dies. I stuck a needle in you. You were dead. The newspaper said you were dead. Don't believe everything that you read. How did you how did you stay alive? I put water in the vial instead of your poison You little witch No No (Alison-screaming) You ruined everything Go ahead and scream. Nobody can hear you. Now where is your mother? . Oh, thank God. You didn't hurt her. And you never will, because they're gon na put you in jail, you maniac You don't think I can get your mother? Well, she's gon na be here in under two minutes flat, and do you know why? Do you know why? Because you're going to help me, that's why. Hey, Chris. What do you got there, man? It's a sedative for Alison. Dr. Dixon prescribed it. Oh, she must be terrified. Is she staying here at the hospital? No, no, she's at home. I was gon na give her the sedative, hope it helps her calm down a little bit. But I don't think she's gon na get any rest until she knows her mother's safe from that lunatic. Yeah, yeah. Hey, any news on Decker? I Are you serious? Yep, she's down at the police station with Emily. Somehow she got away from him. I don't know how. Oh my God, that's fantastic I got to tell Alison. She's been going out of her mind Whoa, whoa, whoa, Chris. Could you tell her in person, not on the phone? I don't want her getting in the car and trying to drive down to the police station. What part of this story did you leave out? Decker's still on the loose. The police don't know where he's headed. Where is Alison right now? She's at her mom's house. Oh, my God What's worse for Sarah, mom? Knowing the truth about her father, or living in ignorance with a man who has absolutely no business raising a child? You want to talk about the truth? Let's talk about the 's a rapist. Because you hate him, Bonnie, and you want to make sure that Sarah hates him just as much as you do. She already does, Mom. I'm not bursting any bubbles here. Look, all I'm saying is don't ruin Sarah's opportunity to have a relationship with her father before it's even begun. And then if she doesn't want to have anything to do with him, she can make that judgment without your help. And what? Get seduced by his power and his charm, the way you were? Well, hopefully, she'll be a lot smarter than I was. Mom, look, I'm sorry. I'm sorry that that did not come out what I was trying to say is that you are a smart, intelligent woman, and Marshall still tricked you. What does a 15-year-old girl what kind of chance does she have against that? That's why I have Sarah what she's getting into. No No, Bonnie, look this is a small town. It's it's gon na come out, what Marshall did to me, sooner or later. Now he's probably trying to figure out a way to tell Sarah himself. And when he does? Then she'll make her own decision, honey. Do you know who we're talking about here, Mom? We are talking about a man who hurts women No, we are talking about Sarah's father. (Bonnie-sighs) Sarah, don't confuse being scared with hating someone. Oh, I'm not. Then you have no excuse to speak to Mr. Travers in such a rude way. Troy you mind giving us a few minutes alone? Sure. So you hate me, huh? Well, why don't you have a seat, and let's figure out why. You know, a father as I am about getting a daughter. You had a daughter 15 years ago, and you walked out If you loved me, you would've found me way before today. But you didn't even look, did you? Look, Sarah, I didn't know that you were right here And and when you did find me, you were mean to me. Listen, certain people didn't want me to know that I was your father, and they arranged things so that I wouldn't. Which certain people? Who did that? Well, Bonnie. I mean, I'm not blaming her for all the mistakes that I made in the past, but when I tried to make things right, she did everything she could to make sure that we didn't find out that we were family. Well, why wouldn't she want me to know that you were my father? Because Ms. McKechnie hates given her a really good reason. And I want to know what that reason is. What did Hal say? They've got every available unit searching for Rick's car. We're gon na find him, Mom. I know it. But he's still out there. You don't think What? Is there any way Rick would be able to find out that Alison is still alive? I don't know how. We'd better call her and warn her. You don't think he'd go to the house? I mean, knowing that the police are after him, would he do that? We've got to call her and see if she's all right All right, all right. Just calm down, all right? Call her. That's a good idea. We need to tell her you're okay anyway. But listen to me. That kid has been through hell. Do Mom. There we go. Have a seat. Now we're gon na call Mommy. I won't help you trap my Mom. Oh, yes, you will. Because I can make people disappear, remember? And this time, there won't be water in the syringe. I won't help you get your hands on my mom. Oh, well, maybe I just won't kill you. Maybe I'll kill your sister and what's what's her son's name? That cute little boy? Was it Daniel? I'm going to pick up that phone, and I want you to answer it in a normal, calm voice. Do you understand? Any hints, and you're dead in less than two minutes. Hello? Ali? Sweetheart, its Mom. Mom, it's so good to hear your voice. Mom, where are you? I'm at the police station with okay. Ali, are you okay? Answer her Sure. I'm fine. I'm fine. Good. We are, too. Oh, we're just waiting for Hal to call and tell us that they've caught Rick. Don't say a word if you want to see Alison alive. Are you listening? Yes. Good. Now come home. Come alone. If you tell anyone, I'll kill your baby. And this time, she'll stay dead. Whatever you say, Ali. Hurry home. I miss our little family get-togethers. Emily, I can't do that herbal tea. Please, just one cup of coffee? Yeah, sure. Listen, I'm gon na have the police send a cruiser over to the house, just to be on the safe side. I think that would be a good idea. Mom? Mom? None of this would've been necessary with your mother. Oh, well. She'll be here soon, and then we'll just put an end to this once and for all. What do you mean by that? muffled-screams-from 2-Alison Alison open up. It's me, Chris. Alison, you can open the door. All the reporters are gone. Alison, come on. I have to tell you something and it can't wait. Alison, open this door, or I'm gon na have to break it down. Go away, Chris. Nobody's home. Alison, Decker's still on the loose. Now, don't say a word, or I'll kill you and boy wonder. Alison, are you there? She must've gone out. Damn. Too bad, Alison. Your boyfriend gave up. Or maybe he found somebody prettier than you. Ow Go to hell, you psycho hates me? She said a lot of things, none of which were nice, but I don't know. I don't remember exactly. I mean, well, for instance, did she did she accuse me of something really bad, something that might have upset you? No. Why why doesn't she like you? Uh, Bonnie's mother and I used to date, and Bonnie didn't approve. But look, don't allow her personal grudges to become your battles to fight, okay? Hey, you know what that just was? That was my first bit of fatherly advice. You're not my father just because you have a piece of paper that says you are. Sarah, I'm your father in the only way that counts right here. I love you. You don't even know me Well, give me the chance to get to know you. Let me in. never come back Hey well, look, I can't expect you to just run into my arms and call me daddy. But but that's who I am. It's taken a long time, too long, to find you, and I can't just walk away. Well, then I will. Before we even give this a try? Listen, whatever mistakes I made in the past, whoever tried to keep us apart I mean, however angry you are at me, none of that matters now. Not to me. I look at you, and and I know that I love you. I'm your father, Sarah, and nothing can change that. The man is her father. Now think about what that word means to you and what it means to a child who's never had one. You're right, she's never had one. So she won't miss what she doesn't know been scared at night, every time that she has wanted a hand to hold, every time that she has wanted someone big and strong on her side, she has missed having a father. And now she has one. After 15 years, she has one. And if you if you tell her that that man is a monster, if you take away her right to love him, honey, she is gon na hate you. I'll risk it. I'll risk anything so long as it keeps her safe. Bonnie Mom, I heard what you said. But the decision is mine. Bonnie left? Yeah. She's going to tell Sarah about Marshall? Not if I can get there first. You know, you can't run interference for her for her whole life, Jessica. Now, you told her that Sarah should make her own choices. Why don't you take your own advice? Let her go Come on, Hal Where the hell are you? I'm right here. Oh, Hal, Hal Mom left. She was having a conversation with Alison on the cell phone, I turn around and got her a cup of coffee, and I turned back and she was gone Slow down, Emily. Just tell me exactly what happened. I don't know what happened. Mom was talking to Alison on her cell phone. I went to get her a cup of coffee, I turned around, and she was gone. Have you tried calling Alison again? Yes, I did, and her cell phone's been turned off. I don't like this. What if Decker's back? I'm taking a unit over to your mother's house. I'm going with you. No. Emily, Decker's there, and if he's armed He's got my mother and sister. Hal, this is not a situation, this is my family And I'm going to be there, with or without your permission I want a backup unit over at the Stewart house, and I want it there five minutes ago Well, are you coming? Chris Alison? Alison, its mom. Let me in Knocking at door Alison Susan, we've been waiting for you. Leave her alone You leave her alone. I'll kill you, I swear I'm gon na kill you Mom, Mom Oh, honey oh, I'm so sorry. Oh, I'm so very, very sorry. What are you hugging her for? I'm the one who's supposed to be able to count on your support But you abandoned me, just like everyone else. Well, that's going to stop now. No one else is leaving me, just don't hurt Alison. Oh, no, it's always about Alison She doesn't care about you, not the way I do I love you I would've done anything for you I know. I know. I want us to talk. I want us to figure this all out. Let's do that, Rick. Can we do that, please? All I ever wanted was a family. I thought I found it here. I thought I found a wife who loved and trusted me, a daughter who would come to me for advice. But you deceived me It's all your fault You turned people against me. You got people to doubt me. You got your mother to run away. You ruined my family. And you're very sorry about that, aren't you? Yes. Yeah, I'm very sorry, Rick. Doesn't matter. Because if we can't be . You and I and our little girl are going to be together forever. For all eternity. Don't. Don't, please please, don't I think you should just leave it alone, Jess. If Sarah resents Bonnie and kicks her out of her life, that's the best thing that could possibly happen. Alison? Anyone in there? You're too late, Hal Don't hide behind your mother, Alison. The first bullet's for you. You will not hurt my child I never hurt anyone. It'll be quick and painless, just like all the others. And then it will be our turn. It'll be so peaceful. You'll see, Susan. (Pounding-on-door) don't move Open up, police Susan? Alison? Anyone in there? There are doors around back go. Open up, or I'm coming in You're too late, unknown And it's a far better place than this, and I'm ready ready to stop the pain. Are you? No. Chris The gun What? Chris, be careful (Struggling) Chris. Freeze, Decker. Drop the gun (Gunshot) Chris You're worried about Sarah resenting Bonnie? Maybe you should be worried about Bonnie resenting you. Because it's already starting to happen. I'm her mother. And I'm not gon na let her do something that I know is gon na cause her pain. Hey, Ben. Hey, Isaac. Hi, sweetheart. How you doing? What are you doing here? Well, I've come to toast my brother. One last time, huh? All right You got a little something back there? I do. I could actually use a drink. All right then. a toast myself. To the mighty Dr. Ben, who saved No, no, no, no, no. No, this one is for you. This is to Isaac you were a young man when you turned this old basement into Java Underground. And now, you're an old wise man. I am. With very few grays and a couple extra bucks in my pocket. Oh yeah. Glasses clinking makes it all the sweeter. Hear, hear. Hear, hear. Mm, that is good southern cheer. Which reminds me, I got to get to my office and finish cleaning up. You all enjoy. All right, bro. All right. Well, how come you're doing that little thing you do with your eyebrows? What thing? Something's wrong. It's Bonnie. She's gone over to the Durgin Street Shelter to tell Sarah that her brand-new father is a rapist. thinking. And Sarah is going to resent her for it. Now Isaac thinks that I should just stay out of it and let Bonnie make her own mistakes. But you think I shouldn't let her make this mistake, right? Wrong. Look, I think you should just leave it alone, Jess. If Sarah resents Bonnie and kicks her out of her life, that's the best thing that could possibly happen. Don't say you're my father, and don't say you love me Sarah, I do love you. You don't even know me. I knew your mother. You know, when I look at your beautiful face, I see her. It's like it's like Neia's looking at me, right through you after all these years. Neia? Pretty name, isn't it? Did she love me? Of course she loved you. You weren't there when I know? Marsh' Cause I was there when she found out she was gon na have a baby. She was very excited that you were coming into her life, and there was nothing that I wanted more than to see Neia happy. You loved her? Yes, I did. Well, how did you meet? Well, in college, actually. We were in a study group. We were making big, big future plans. And then well, then you came along. You weren't married. No. So finding out there was a baby on the way, that kind of messed things up, didn't it? No, Sarah. Your mother wanted you very much. When she found out she was gon na have a baby, she read everything there was about how to eat, how to sleep, how to exercise she was always smiling, always singing. She sang to you day and night. I wish I'd been a better man. See, your mother loved you instantly, but back in those days, I was just too hung up on my dreams of becoming a lawyer. I didn't want anyone or anything to take that away from me. Because of that, your your mother went back to Brazil to have you. Well, did she still love me? I mean, after I was born, even though she had to raise me all alone? Marshall shows Sarah her baby picture See that smile on your face? That is the smile of a well-loved baby. I do look like her. Marshall laughs I was so young when she died. I wish I could remember her more. Well, you've the same mixture of strength and sensitivity that your mother had. Trust me, Sarah, you are carrying your mother everywhere you go. I don't want to carry her. I wish she were here, here, too, but look, I'm here now, all right? I'm your father, and I'm gon na take care of you. I know I've had a late start in loving you, but I do. And I will never, ever stop. Sarah, there's something I have to tell you about Marshall. I already know. Bonnie is gon na be devastated if Sarah rejects her. No, Bonnie is gon na be safe from Travers. Now that he's staking his claim on Sarah, Bonnie needs to stay as far away from them as she possibly can. Now Travers is gon na try and use Bonnie's relationship with Sarah to get closer to you. Well, he's never gon na get close to me again. He's gon na try. Too bad. My eyes are open now, and all I see is you. And I am going to be your wife, and with you, and Marshall can't touch that. You know the man doesn't know when to quit. Good thing we're very, very strong. We've already survived his worst, haven't we? You're right, we have. So what's wrong? I just wish Bonnie were as indestructible as we are. Are you okay? You look you look kind of funny. Yeah, I'm I'm fine. You said you already knew what I was gon na tell you about Marshall? Honey, what do you know? Well, that he's my dad, and that my mother loved me and that I have her eyes. Did you hear? I'm gon na be leaving Durgin. I'm gon na live with him, and I'm gon na have my own room and my own clothes And you're okay with that? Yeah. I mean, Troy' s nice, worker who cares a lot about you. Yeah, I know. But he has a lot of other kids to worry about. I mean, it's not the same as having a dad. I mean, Marshall knew my mom, and he knew me when I was in her tummy. Is that what you wanted to tell me about him? Not exactly. Sarah, this is about your father and my mother. Oh, yeah. He told me all about that. What did you say? Just that your mother and I dated, and you didn't approve. Left out a few details, didn't you? I don't want to overwhelm Sarah. She's had enough to handle already. Sarah, there are some things about your father that you need to know before you go off to live with him. Bonnie. What? What's wrong? Something bad is gon na happen, isn't it? me. Listen, Sarah, everything's going to be okay, all right? I promise. I won't let anyone hurt you. Sarah just be happy, okay? And always know that I will always watch over you. Come on. Let's go home. Chris Oh, my God. Oh Oh, sweetie You're alive Oh, I thought with the gun I knew you couldn't be dead. Is Rick Out cold, but alive. The bullet went through the floor. So why is he unconscious? It was the only thing I had. I went back to the hospital to get a sedative for Alison when I ran into Walker, and he told me that Rick was still on the loose. So when I came back to the house and Alison didn't answer the door, I knew something was wrong. You came back to save me? The bathroom window on the second floor. Soon as I got in, I filled the syringe with the sedative. Went to the stairs, I saw Rick with the gun. I used the only thing I had. Well, thank God. Thank God he passed out before he hurt anybody else. All right, let's call an ambulance, have this guy's vitals checked before we book him. Yes, sir. Mom? Even in the end even at the end, after everything, he was still saying that he loved me. Listen to me, he did. I never doubted that. But he wanted us dead Look, you know more than all of us he was ill, mom. He's ill. Why did it take me so long to find out? Because he didn't want you to. Don't you get it? Look, we have time, all right? Come here today. Just know that it's over. It's all over, Mom. To Chris You are the most incredible man I've ever known. Man, did I have a lot of junk in that office. Some of the things I've been saving defy description. So you're a man of leisure now. Money in the bank, time on your hands. Well, I'm going to spend both on Bonnie, if that's what you're asking me if she'll allow me to. Just what does that mean? It means that right now I don't know where where we stand. Sweetie, are you okay? Did you tell Sarah about Marshall? I couldn't. I couldn't, I he was already there, and he was telling her all about her past, her mother, and she was so excited. I couldn't. I couldn't tell her that her father was a you. And I'm sure it must've been difficult seeing them together. Yeah, I'm sorry, Bonnie. You don't have to worry about Sarah spending time with me ,' cause she is not a part of my life anymore. Sarah, is there something wrong? I don't know. I'm sorry if Bonnie's visit upset you, but just go on and get your things and and we'll go home. I don't know Everything going all right between you two? Well, Sarah seems a little reluctant to come home with me. Well, Durgin's been her home a long time. Sarah, you want to say good-bye to your friends, don't you? Yeah. Well, that's good .' Cause they need some time to say good-bye to you, too. And Vittorio's Pizzeria is dropping over a dozen pies. It was supposed to be a surprise Well, I wouldn't want Sarah to miss a party, especially not one in her honor. Look, we'll we'll start our little family tomorrow, okay? Look, I know you've had a lot thrown at you. But we're gon na be okay, me and you. Okay. Want to tell me what's really going on here? I like Marshall a lot, but well, when Bonnie found out that I was gon na be living with him, she freaked out and well, I don't know why. I'll always love you, Susan. (Susan-sobbing) It's okay. You should've let me die. Why didn't you let me die? Get him out of here. It's okay. You have the right to remain silent. It's gon na be okay. It's gon na be okay. You still have us. You saved three na get past this? Oh, they will, Chris, because they're survivors, and that's what survivors do. (Susan-sobbing) It's okay. It's gon na be okay. I just got a call from that agency that I mentioned earlier. They're willing to help us adopt. Don't tell me the tough girl that can stare down a serial killer is jealous? 
You know what? You are so cute, maybe we should put some first-class stamps on you put you in the mailbox for Valentine's Day .' Cause you're so cute Hey, what are you guys doing? Close your eyes. Don't look Uh, we're just scram. Get out of here. C'm on' c'm on, c'm on. Don't look, don't look. Where's Natalie? She's sleeping upstairs. What's going on over there? It's just a surprise. That's all you need to know. You know what? Having you like this again playing with the kids, laughing, having fun, that that's the best surprise that I could ever get. Right you are, my boy. It's official. Tom said that the D.A. In Chicago has agreed to drop all of the criminal charges against Chris. It's about time We never doubted you for out. Well, the truth came out because Alison stopped listening to what everybody else thought and started listening to what she knew in her heart that I could never hurt our baby. I know, honey. I just I just wish it had happened sooner. Look, she stood up for me, Mom. That's the important thing. Against her mother, her sister, Aaron, the cops what? Uh, sorry. I just I was just thinking that this has been a very confusing time for everybody. And I was wondering if maybe it was a good time for you and Alison to have a little space. You know, take a little breather. Absolutely not. Holding back my feelings for Alison is what started all this trouble in the first place. I'm not gon na make that mistake again. Tell me that you didn't do this. Honey, I thought you'd be pleased Look and your marriage to Aaron will be null and void. You mean you didn't already sign it for me? Darling, I'm just trying to make things a little easier. Yeah, well this is my responsibility, not yours. That's right your responsibility. And from what I've seen the last few months, you need a lot more help in that area than you even realize. Well, now I just have to figure out where I want to put that. Aaron, I have an easel over here. Would you help me for a second? Yeah. Wow, who'd have thunk it? The Ryan family, " back and better than ever. " Yeah, well, we couldn't have done it without Paul. I never knew he could be so forgiving. A real prince. Okey-doke. Now, let's see what that thing looks like up here, okay? Mm-hmm. been in yet? No, Lucy, no sign of him. It's as if he's disappeared. Well, I haven't seen him since he stopped by for you last night. I don't mean to pry or anything, but are you ready to talk about what happened? It's Cabot. Something's wrong with his adoption, and Rosanna and my father have to give him up. It's so awful, Molly. I don't know what we're gon na do without him. Cabot? Where's my baby? Where am I? So, how's Rosanna? She's fine, I guess. I don't know. Last night, she said she wanted to be left alone. I've tried to respect her wishes. She's asleep, I hope. The poor thing. Ripped my heart out, watching her last night give that baby up. Can't even imagine. Thank you her decide to give the baby to the police and for taking her here, and being so good to her. You're being a wonderful friend. (Rosanna-sobbing) Hey. He's gone Oh, my God. My baby is gone I'd like to see my wife. She doesn't want to see you. You like having Rosanna crying in your apartment all night? Don't be an idiot, Craig. I hate this. This is horrible. Oh, oh. I see now. You're just as self-involved and vengeful as your parents. I mean, isn't this the revenge you wanted all along I'm not the one who stole a baby and thought I was so clever that I wasn't gon na get caught. Guess what, Craig? You got caught. All I did was help a friend in need. And if that friend says that she doesn't want to see you you're not gon woke up ; hoping last night was a bad dream. You know, I can't even imagine the pain she must be feeling. Was that Craig at the door? Yeah. He's tried sending notes and flowers and telegrams I'm surprised he hasn't tried skywriting. But I made a promise to try and keep him from her, and that's what I'm gon na do. Well, you can't just stay here and play bodyguard all day. I don't see why not. Isn't tonight your big B.R.O. Shindig? I'll stay here as long as it takes. I ordered enough champagne ; they probably haven't even noticed I'm not there. Well, I'm gon na go, okay? Yeah. Call me, I guess. Yeah, you do the same. Call me if you need anything. Carly. No. No, Craig. She doesn't want to see explain to her that Do you honestly think there is any way that you can explain what you've done? She lost her baby because of you. I have to convince her that it had nothing to do with my I have helped you for the last time, Craig. You're on your own. Oh, hi, Dad. You're early. Too early to take my wife out for a Valentine's Day dinner? What's going on here? Oh, we're getting ready for the party. What? To announce new developments at B.R.O. Dad, I sent you an invitation. Oh. It it must've fallen in the trash. Let's get the hell out of here before Emily. I'm so glad that I ran into you. I never had a chance to thank you for dropping the assault charges. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you, Barbara forgiven you for whacking me over the head with a rolling pin, you are crazier than I thought. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you? Yeah, as a matter of fact, there is. Just stay as far away from me as humanly possible, Barbara. Well, you'll be able to change your mind someday about that. I mean, if Paul can forgive me, then maybe Paul forgives you? Since when? If you had even checked your invitation, you would know. Paul is back at B.R.O. " Back and better than ever. " That's our motto. Paul is willing to forgive and forget, for Will's sake. You don't say. Now, I didn't hear anything in the weather report about hell freezing over. Do you want to go to a party tonight? What you have to understand is that I almost lost my baby in Chicago. I know. I know I'm not always the most attentive mother. I know I can be annoying, but you have to let me mother you just a little while longer. Mom, I love Chris. And Chris loves me. And I don't know what's gon na happen, but that's for me and Chris to decide. Not me and Chris and you. You have to learn to trust me. If you can't do that, then maybe moving home was the biggest mistake I've made. Hi, honey, on your way out? Yeah, I bought something for Alison, so Oh, Chris. Don't you think you should let her rest? Kind of recoup a bit? Why don't you drop it by later? You know, I I got an idea. We're invited to this party that sounds like fun. Why don't you join us? Thanks, Dad. It'll be good for you. Show everyone that your legal troubles are over and that you have nothing for which to apologize. " Back and better than ever. " You know what? You may be onto something. Happy Valentine's Day. Oh, my God They're beautiful Thank you. Mm-hmm. So, there's this party at metro tonight. B.R.O. is starting over again, and they're having this big celebration. And it being Valentine's Day and everything, I was hoping tonight could be our new beginning, too. What do you say? Careful, you'll get glitter all over you. And glue. Listen, I I know that it's not easy for you to be smiling and making valentines, but the kids and I we really do appreciate it. The children need me to be a good mother, and that's what I'm doing. I'm trying. And you. I am a mother. If you think it's going to help me get over Rose's death, I don't wan na do it. I don't. I'm expected to do it. Just, please, don't expect too much. I won't. But right now, I need to steal you away for a few minutes while the kids are having dinner. Okay. What for? Because I have a surprise for you something special, something that I think, in a very small way, might help you keep Rose in your life. Be right back. Like the sign says, we're " back and better than ever " So what does the future hold for this newly reconstituted B.R.O.? Well, I'm gon na let my son answer that question for you when he gets here. In the meantime, why don't you all just mix, mingle and meet. Where is he to be fashionably late, Mom. He'll be here. You just you go over, dazzle those reporters, and I'll be right there. Okay. Paul you better be dead already, because if you are backing out this now, I'm gon na kill you myself. Oh, where are you? Go to your party, Paul. You did a masterful job at keeping Craig away, but I think I can manage by myself. I'll call you, okay? Okay. I've got your number. Hey, and listen you've really done a lot for me the last couple of days. You've been a terrific friend. I've never really had a friend like like you before, so I know it may not sound like much, but thank you. Thanks. Thank you. (Knock-at-door) What took you so long? Come on in, Craig. The family that you are talking was built on a lie Turn around. Hey, no peeking. Happy Valentine's Day. A baby Rose bush? Well, it's not just any baby Rose bush. It's a hybrid. Do you remember that guy that I told you about that I met at that conference a few months back? Oh, yeah. Well, he developed it. I traded him a colt for the pleasure of naming this little beauty, and now it's yours. What did you name it? " Rose of the angels " D'Angelo. What do you think? It's incredible. Thank you. The best part is that it's late blooming, so when all the other roses have faded, this one will still be full of life just like Rose always was. I love you so much. You know, Lily, I've been afraid that I was losing you. No. No, no Say what you have to say and get out. All right. Everything I did, I did because I loved you. All I ever wanted was to make you happy. So you allowed me to fall in love with a child that you knew I would never be able to keep? I thought he was ours forever I made plans for him. I was gon na give him the world, Rosanna. He was my child just as much as yours. I lost him, too. You didn't want him to begin with. Well, sure, at the beginning, that is true. A baby was the last thing I wanted. I told you that, but you wouldn't listen. All right, so, sure, I sabotaged the opportunity we had to adopt. But I saw that you were not happy. So I went into this only because I knew it was what you want. And then and then, when . I changed. I fell in love with him. He brought my family back. He filled the hole that I'd had in my heart ever since Bryant died. He brought us together. And you tore us apart. No No No, I didn't. I sure didn't mean to My intentions were the best Oh so we sustained a little damage here, okay? Doesn't mean you throw it all away, right? You work at it. You make it better. And then, when you're ready to adopt again What are you saying? This can not be resolved Cabot can not be replaced. That family that you are talking about, it never even existed The whole thing was built on a lie Finally. Finally, yeah. It looks like the party's in full swing. It sure is. Are you ready to talk to the press? You know I can't do. I don't remember the last time I felt this way. You know that? What, happy? You just multiply that by infinity, and you're getting a little bit close. Well, that is exactly what I wanted to hear. I'm gon na go get that photographer. You don't move, okay? You got it. I hear Rosanna had to give up the baby. How's that feel? How does that make you feel knowing that you and I are the ones responsible? You know what, Molly? This is not the right time for me to be talking about this. Oh, you're right, it's not .' Cause this is the time you have to pretend that you forgive your mother and go along with this big sham of a party, right? How do you do that? Oh, honey, there's Alison. I'm gon na go Hal hey, I thought you tossed your invitation. Well, when I heard that you and Barbara had made the peace, let's just say it was something I just had to see for myself. Well, we're doing this for Will. Yeah, that's what I keep hearing. The guy needs a stable environment to come home to when he's done with all of this, and I'm gon na make sure he has that. If I got ta make peace with Barbara, then that's just the way it's got ta be. Hey, Jen. Hi. Hi. Really something, ain't it? Have you ever seen anybody do a faster 180 than your mother and Paul? Well, I had my doubts about this instant reunion, as well. But you know what's keeping it working, Dad, is us working together. You know? You're so excited to back at B.R.O. time my whole life. It's in my blood. Looking good there. Thanks. I thought I should tell you that my mother went right to work on getting an annulment for us. Wow that was fast. Yeah, so all we have to do is sign, and it's like our marriage never even happened. It is kind of weird, right? Oh, yeah. It's like everything we went through Yeah. All we got ta do is sign a paper and its its over. Yeah, but you're okay with the way that everything worked out. Oh, totally. Oh, definitely. Ali, I'm great. You've been really great to me, and I know that I put you through a lot. No, listen, it's cool. Look, I'm just very happy to see you smiling. You're the best friend a girl could have shouldn't be here. I should be home with my father and Rosanna. Like I said a couple million times already, there's nothing for you at home. This is something your folks have to take care of by themselves. So let me do my part and take care of you. Just put yourself in my hands. I promise, you won't regret it. You didn't have to get me anything, honey. Jack laughs Oh, you didn't I did. Oh, Jack. How did you remember that I wanted this? It costs a fortune Small price to pay for fantasy. Oh, I love it, I love it Oh, thank you. You see, I've got this image of you wearing this, a pair of incredibly high heels and a smile. I know you've had your hands full with the kids lately, with your family and your friends, and you really have haven't had a chance to design anything these days. So I thought you deserved something special something just for you. Happy Valentine's Day. You are gon na have a very happy valentine's day, too. No, no, no, no, we don't have time for that. The baby-sitter's gon na be here any minute, and we've got ta get changed. For what? I'm taking you to Metro. Isn't that where they're having the big party's for B.R.O.? Why, yes, it is. And as a matter of fact, I found the invitation right here in the trash can. Oh, no. No. The only reason that Barbara sent me that is to try and make me jealous because of this fashion venture, and that it's happening without me. Oh, no, it isn't ,' cause you're gon na wear this. You designed it than Barbara Ryan could ever come up with. Jack, she's never gon na hire me. So what? There's gon na be photographers there, right? Reporters, people from the industry. You show up wearing this, and people are gon na forget that Barbara Ryan's in the room. In fact, it's gon na be worth it just to see the look on her face when you outshine anything she could ever design. Why, Jack Snyder, I think I'm beginning to rub off on you. I I thought maybe you would like to know that the the charges against Chris were formally withdrawn today. Yes, I know. He was here. He asked Alison to go to the party at Metro. Yeah, I know, I know. In fact, that's one of the reasons I thought this would be a good time for me to speak to you. Oh, really? What about Sit down. Thank you. Bob and I to be perfectly honest, we're just really grateful that Chris has finally made some decisions about his life and decided that he wants to be a doctor. And you know firsthand what it's like to be a young intern and the kind of responsibilities that they take on, and that there's not much time left for anything else. Right or wrong, we had always assumed that when Chris finally did get involved with somebody, it would be somebody who had a little more maturity, closer to his age and somebody who shared the same goals. And as far as Alison is concerned, I mean, she's a young girl. And she should be free at her age to well, I mean, she hasn't even finished her education. For crying out loud, what does she need to be tied down to a serious relationship? What indeed? And since you've come all the way over here to enough for your son Wait a minute. Let me tell you a couple things about your son. He is not exactly the prince you've convinced yourself he is. Okay. Fair enough. But wasn't it a little much for you to rush out and slap a restraining order on him? Especially after your daughter had put him through all those lies and He was charged with attempted murder What'd you expect me to do? Roll out the red carpet for the guy? Wait a minute, kiddo She put him through all kinds of manipulations, and I thought he conducted himself pretty well. Besides which, you have known Chris since he was born. He was a colleague of yours. On top of which, when Rick Decker was gon na add you and Alison to his body count, Christopher saved your life. I would have thought you might have remembered that. But not you. You're still the same little old get it. This isn't about Chris and Alison. This is about us you and me. Oh, that's ridiculous. This is about what happened with Bob all those years ago, me and bob. A waste of time. You resent me You still haven't forgiven me after all these years Does Bob know? Have you forgiven Bob yet? If that were true, wouldn't you just love it? Sorry, old girl. I forgave the whole thing a long time ago. But you just can't forget. Is that it? Well, Susan, now that you mention it, how the hell can I forget you? You never stay out of my life long enough so that I can forget you. Long before Bob and I were ever involved, you were so busy running around trying to find a way to destroy my life. And as for the Hughes family well, you and your daughter seemed in occasionally and take a crack at destroying our family. Forget you? Fat chance I am so sick of the Stewart women. I don't trust any of you any further than I can throw you. Say hi to Bob. Oh, go to hell (Door-slams) Okay, can I have everybody's attention, please, for just one second? Hi. Welcome, welcome. And thank you so much for coming to our celebration. Now, I hope you all have a glass of champagne in your hands, because I want you to join me in welcoming my son, Paul Ryan, as the new C.O.O. of Barbara Ryan originals. I want to thank you all for coming. And let you know that this is not just an important night for B.R.O ., but also it's an important evening for my family. Because we are, once again, a family. So, please, join me in raising your glass . Barbara Ryan, you really are an original. Oh, that's one way of putting it. B.R.O. has always been a family-run business, that's where we get our strength. And now, with the addition of Jennifer Munson, my sister, to our team, I really I think there's nothing we can't do. So, here's to B.R.O. We're back and we're better than ever Thank you so much for coming. Do you know how long I've waited to hear those words? Can we get a few shots of the happy family? Absolutely. This is the happiest night of my life, you two. Carly Tenney. Snyder now, actually. Carly Snyder, if you don't mind. Carly, can you tell us what you've been up to lately? Oh, I don't know. A little of that, a little of this a little And are you be going to be getting your own label again? Oh, well, I'm just taking a little time to explore my options. Excuse me, excuse me. If you want to indulge in that kind of shameless self-promotion, you do it on your own time. This is my party. Barbara, I have no idea what you're talking about. Did you get that? This is the perfect time to talk to my son. Come with me, okay? I believe this is our dance. If you don't feel like going back to an empty house, then maybe we could get a room. I said no. Lucy, lighten up. I was just joking. Maybe this will change your mind. There's just no going back. I see you for what you really are a liar and a cheat. And someone who broke my heart, just like they all said you would. delusion Come on Look you knew I wasn't perfect. Well, guess what? Neither are you. You're close. A lot closer than I am. And I love you like I know you love me. And that is the love that made us promise to stay together through the good times and the bad, whatever. All right? So, all I am asking here is for you to honor those vows. I can change. And I will. I'll spend the rest of my life proving it. The kids are getting into your mother's chocolate. Oh. I think they want to spend the night. Oh, really? Is that okay with you? Yeah, I'll tuck them in. I'll be there in just a minute. Okay. You sure you're okay? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. I'll try, Rose, I'll try. For Holden, the woman they expect me to be. I just don't really know who that is anymore. Because when you left me, you took a part of me with you. And I just I don't know if I'm gon na get her back. For the rest of my days I want you by my side Happy Valentine's Day. Chris Open it. Come on. Come on It's beautiful I love it. Let me. I'm giving you my heart, Alison. So, this way, you don't have to doubt how I feel about you, and neither will I. I love you, Alison. I love you, too. Then why are we wasting time? I mean, what are we waiting for? Let's move in together. I don't understand. Are Chris and Alison back together again? Yeah, yeah, they are. And once I annulled. I'll be single again. That's great. Yeah. I was just wondering, this might not be the best time or place, but I was wondering Excuse us, Aaron. Listen Sorry about that. Is everything okay? I don't know. Aaron's acting like we have some sort of unfinished business. But we don't. How could we? Not after everything that happened. Well, you can't blame the guy for trying. He sees you looking the way you do. Sometimes a guy's just got ta go for it. Here you go. Carly hi, Jack. You look amazing. Where did you get that? It's just a little something I threw together. Oh, just a little something? There you are, you handsome devil. How' bout some more pictures, huh? Yeah, sure. Where's Jennifer? Well the two of us. All right. Okay. Here we go. Cheese. (Barbara-laughs) Now, make sure we get copies, all right? I want copies of all of those. Thank you so much for tonight. I love you, son. Well, you don't waste any time, do you, Paul? What are you talking about, Hal? Well, one minute you're so furious at Barbara, you can't say her name without frothing at the mouth, and the next you're ready for your close-up, all smiles and back in business with her. She kissed you a second ago. I mean, when did you ever let that happen without getting a tetanus shot first? Come on, Hal. It's no big deal. I forgave her. It seemed like the right thing to do. You can lie to your mother, Paul. But me? You're gon na have to work a that if I stay here, I'm going to grow to hate myself as much as I hate you? And I can't do that. I don't even recognize myself anymore. Well, I'll go with you to counseling I'll do whatever it takes. No, that's not it. If I stay here, every time I look at your face, I'm going to remember Cabot. And I'm gon na remember what it felt to have him taken away from me. I can not do that. Okay, okay. That's why I am leaving town. All right. Okay, okay. You need some space? Fine. I'll get a room at the Lakeview. No And then you can reflect. No, no. You don't understand I am not just leaving you. I am leaving town. I am leaving everything that reminds me of you, because, hopefully, I On the next " As the World Turns " What's wrong? Nothing. Nothing. I feel kind of light-headed. What good is a family therapist gon na do us? We don't have a family anymore You saw to that I have always looked out for this family Get out of here 
Oh, Margo. I'm so sorry. I don't know Katie, are you okay? Yes. Yes, I'm fine. I'm just a klutz. You know, I called the cottage, like, over 20 times and you weren't there, so I thought I'd try here, but what are you doing here? What are you doing back at work so soon? Well, folding linens and filling water pitchers just keeps my mind off everything. Katie, why don't you talk to me? There's nothing to talk about. A husband you've been grieving for so long suddenly returns and then you lose him again in a matter of days. That's a subject to talk about. Folding sheets isn't gon na take the pain away. Well, it sure beats crying. Yeah, that may be. But if anybody has a right to cry, it's you, baby. When you were engaged to Mike, you were, you lose them both. So talk to me. I just really don't want to talk about Simon or Mike. I just want to get on with my life, okay? Okay, good idea. Fold sheets. Yeah. Come on. Why don't you come to Metro with me? Paul Ryan's having a party. Everybody would love to see you. It would give you a break from folding sheets. Margo, I appreciate it. But I'll pass. My cell phone is always on, waiting for you to call. Thank you. I love you. Sorry, I've done this so many Hello, Katie - Do you know how sexy you are in this dress? Yeah, only the hottest chick in the room. That's why the reporters can't get enough of you. For tonight, anyway. Oh, you heard them all whispering, " that's her design, not Barbara's. Doesn't that make you happy? A little. But mostly it reminds me of when it was my night. I was so close, Jack, right before the crashing and burning of Monte Carlo. Maybe I grabbed a little of the spotlight tonight. But what about tomorrow? I'm sorry, Paul, but I'm not buying this little love fest between you and Barbara, not for one minute. She doesn't have any complaints. Why would you? Barbara believes only what she wants to believe, but not me. You know, if this were really about Will, you would have made peace a long time ago instead of putting the kid in the middle of your little family war. So don't tell me that this is for his sake, damn it, because I'm not buying, and frankly, neither would Will. Mom and I are trying to build something. I don't know why you I know you and Barbara way too well, Paul, and one thing I know beyond a doubt is that it won't take long for this whole cozy, little affair to go south and for other people to start getting hurt. Is this how you're welcoming our reconciliation, Hal? By bullying us? Well, it's better than lying through my teeth. But I guess that's your job. You know what one of the main reasons was that we decided to have this little soiree? It was for you. So would believe that Paul and I are serious about starting over. You know, Hal, if you can't support us, then I'm gon na make sure when Will gets out, that he knows that you were against us. It just kills me how much time we've wasted, and I don't want to waste any more. Me neither, but moving in together Chris, that's huge. So then we have to be sure about this, because, I mean, you know how our parents are going to feel about this, don't you? They'll think that we're moving in too fast. I don't care how they feel, okay? I care how we feel. Alison, we have loved each other for a long time, only we were too scared to tell each other. I need you to know I'm not afraid anymore. I'm with you now, Alison. And I want to know if you're with me. This is the best Valentine's Day of my entire life. I take it that's a yes? Okay, definitely a yes. Okay, well, I'd better break the news to my folks before they break their necks trying to figure out what's going on. Wish me luck? I don't need to. You are my good luck. To the sweetest eyes that up, so we can dance. They got some pretty good music here, huh? Good sound system. I can't. Clark, I'm sorry. I just can't do this. You promised. You said you were going to have a good time. Just try. I know. I know, I'm trying. But I just can't stop thinking about my Dad and Rosanna. What's wrong? Nothing. Nothing, I'm I feel kind of light-headed. Rosanna don't leave Please I can't talk about this anymore. It's over I am not going to give up on this family and I'm not going to let you throw it away either Please get out before I say something that I'm going to regret. Please, go I am going to do whatever it takes. I will make time for this ; I will go with you to Family therapy? What good is a family therapist going to do us? We don't have a family anymore. You saw to that. No No No I have always been there for this family Just get out of here Oh, what is this? My chest This is crazy This is crazy Even for you. You think faking a heart attack is going to get me to stay with you? Call an ambulance - Tomorrow is gon na be great, and the tomorrow after that, even better, you got ta believe, baby. I do. What I believe is that I may very well be doomed to never have a window on Fifth Avenue, a giant billboard that says " Tenney Originals " Would you shut up? But, if I always have you and Parker and Sage in my life, I will be the richest woman in the world. let's get the hell out of here. You read my mind. I think I should just sit down. Excuse me, man. Luce? Luce, are you okay? Are you feeling all right? Chill out, man. She's just a little light-headed. Look, I saw her from the bar, okay. It looked like she was gon na pass out. I think look, maybe you ought to see a doctor. Look at me, Luce. Oh, man, you look really out of it. Okay, look, look, I'm going to tell Molly it's an emergency. I'm going to take you to Memorial to get checked out. Aaron, this is none of your business. I just I just need to go home. Fine, we'll go home. Look, I've got the club van out front. Look, there's a big back seat, you can lie what part of " none of your business " don't you understand? Whoa, whoa, all right. Dr. Harris is right there. Let him check her out, she's not feeling well. You're done here, man. Lucy's with me now. If she still wants to go home, I can take her home. So, back off. Living together is a big step. Not to mention a terrible idea. Mom Well, it's only been a few days ago that Alison was trying to have you put in prison. I'm sorry. I'm tired of biting my tongue about this subject. I'm sure he's aware of how you feel about Alison. I know that you think that she's too young for me. Among other things, yes. Mom, I respect your feelings. I really do. But frankly, I think a lot of them are holdovers from So, I'm sorry if you don't like the family she comes from, but I'm serious about Alison and I'm doing this whether you like it or not. You're wrong about this. This is not about my past. It is about your future. You said you were going to try to live at home your first year of residency so you could save some money, and get out of debt. Plans change, Mom. Besides, you're not telling me money is why you object? Okay. You and Alison move in together now and, from the very beginning, you are behind the eight-ball. Now, is that the way you want to start your lives together? Under a mountain of debt? You just lost a baby. You're still legally married to Aaron Snyder. And until a few days ago you thought Chris tried to kill you Now you want to move in with him and play house? Are you in here anytime. Actually, that's okay. You're doing a great job ruining everything all on your own. I'm I'm ruining things? Mom, c'm on. She's a grown-up, okay? Look at her. It's her life. And if she and wants to move in with Chris, then we've got to support her. Okay, so, let's support her. Got some new info. Okay. Know how you wanted me to apply to some backup colleges? Yeah, you know, just in case. I think I found a place. Gold coast college of Big Sur? Oh, come on, you've got to be kidding. What's so funny? No, nothing. Excuse me ; I have to go knock somebody out. Now, Ben - How do you think that's gon na make Will feel when he finds out you are whole again? You know, just the fact that you would use him as a threat proves this whole " reconciliation " thing is an act. Why are you so suspicious? Don't you people see what you people are doing? You are leading Will around. You are trying to make him think whatever you want him to think. That's how this started. You're trying to make him think that you're the only one who loves him. Well, you're not. Take a number. Get in line. Behind a couple of lying users? I don't think so. Hal, you want to insult me? That's fine. But don't you dare insult my mother. And all of your doubts are insult to Will and Jennifer as well. I want an apology. I'm serious. And I'm waiting. Maybe one of us should say something. You you shouldn't have come looking for see you anymore. I didn't come looking for you. I just came to pick up my last check for the burn unit job. Oh of course that's why you're here. You look good. I like you're hair. Thank you. It's time for a change. I guess it'll be easy for you, on your job in Central America. You leave pretty soon, right? No, actually I sold the supplies to a contractor down there. And there's a local guy who's gon na be taking over the project. It's too bad, though. It would have been nice to stay out of this cold weather for a while. Look, I'm I just want you to know that I hope your life takes you to a good place, because you deserve that. No matter what's gone down between us, I've always just wanted you to be happy. I know me guess this is sort of goodbye then, huh? Yeah, I guess so. Good luck. Mike, wait. I just want to tell you that I don't know, I don't have the words. I heard you loud and clear when Simon left. You said everything. You don't owe me anymore. No, I Katie Katie Rosanna? Oh, my God, Craig, what happened? He started having chest pains and then he collapsed. He had a heart attack? No, no, no, this is a panic attack. It can present as a coronary depending upon the severity of the thing, but this one looks pretty severe. Oh, Craig? Thank God, you're okay. Craig? Is he unconscious? No, no, I've sedated him. We're keeping him overnight for observation. Rosanna (Craig-mumbling) Don't leave me. I . Craig Just just say you won't leave me I won't leave you. Are you okay? No. (Rosanna-giggles) It's only fitting, though. What? That the last words between Craig and I were a lie. You want an apology from me? Fine. You call me the minute you see pigs in a v-formation, flying south. Hal, I'm not joking around here. I got no problem talking to Will. Think twice before you ever use my son against me again. I don't take it lightly. And once more, this whole happy B.R.O. family thing is a load of bull. And you know what? I think you know that, Paul, because you know your mother too well. That was very risky, saying you would go to Will. You know what, Mom? It's the Ryan clan from now on. Okay, you and me, they can expect a fight. That goes for Hal, too. I have never felt so safe in my whole life, you know that? (Cell-phone-ringing) Hello. Hi, Paul, it's Rosanna. I'm so glad you picked up. I'm at the hospital. The hospital? You okay? Well, it's Craig. He's had some sort of attack. He had a heart attack? No. I think it was a panic attack of some kind. Anyway, I'm going to wait here until he is stabilized, and then I am leaving. Well, is there anything I can do? Yes, I know you have your big B.R.O. party tonight, but I was wondering if you could do me a favor. Yeah, you name it. I I don't want to leave without saying goodbye to Lucy. And I can't seem to get a hold of her. Is but maybe it's too loud in there, she can't hear it. Ah, yeah, I'll get her to call you? You know, better yet, could you ask her to meet my at your place I could meet her there and then I could, you know, say good-bye in person. Sure, no problem. Aaron, your five minutes was up about fifteen minutes ago. There's a lot of empties on the bar you can take care of. Okay, Molly, um look, Lucy's really sick. I might need to take her home. No, no. She came with me. I'll take her home. See, she's in good hands. Aaron, the bar? Don't worry, Lucy, I'll have you home in no time, okay? Is Lucy leaving ?' Cause I got ta talk to her. It's gon na have to Oh, I'm sure she's okay. It looks like her friend has everything under control, right? Well, so life is pretty good with Ben and Jessica, huh? Yeah, and Curtis is a total riot. Yeah, great, and school? Oh, oh, Casey said that you guys have some classes together. Yeah. Casey's really cool. He introduced me to some of his friends and stuff. Yeah, well, that's my kid, the social director. But you know what, the most important thing is that you're adjusting, and I know that, you know, that can be kinda hard. Yeah, well, it's okay. I mean, I can do what it takes to blend in as long as Jessica keeps taking my letters to Bonnie. Excuse me? Jessica is taking letters from you to Bonnie in prison? Gold coast college of Big Sur? Not an acceptable me, Dad. It's a block away from the Pacific Ocean. There's surfing, tie-dye classes. What are you talking about? Since when did you aspire to become a hippie? How you fellas doing? Maybe you can talk some sense into this hardhead son of mine? His backup plan is to go to slacker U. And major in bead making. Gotcha My buddy sent this to me as a joke. I guess it worked, huh? Man, what are you trying to do? Give me a stroke? I'm applying to some backup schools for real. For real? Yeah. Johns Hopkins? That's my alma mater. I know. I've waited too long to make this commitment. But, now that I've made it, it feels good. So, we won't be living in the lap of luxury. But you guys always said, love was more important than I can't believe I'm about to say this but, since you two are so intent on being together, maybe Alison should move into our house for now. Who are you? What have you done with my wife? My mother's on her rampage again. Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes. Alison I've just been telling Chris that instead of the two of you moving into an apartment and strapping yourselves financially, maybe you should move into our house for a while. What do you think? Stop You should have seen Parker sitting next to Sage's crib singing " The Goodnight Song. " It was so adorable ; it makes me want to cry. You're thinking about Rosanna and Cabot again, aren't you? Is it selfish to hope that we could find a little time What? Just for just us? Snuggle up, maybe. Sip . Valentine blush? Oh, I think I could probably put my problems aside long enough to make you mine. Baby, I'm already yours. And just like that, he's gone. I've been out of the loop. I had no idea you were going through so much. It's okay. How could you? You have your own life you have to think about. I'm sorry ; I haven't even asked you about what's going on with you. Another time. I'm sorry, Rosanna. I know how much that little boy meant to you. Thanks. Thanks. It seems like this is all I do lately. You lost a child, how do you expect to feel? For what it's worth, I'm sorry about you and Craig, too. It's ironic, isn't it? It takes something as awful as losing Cabot to find my strength. What do have to put an end to it. It's killing me. Maybe it's good they're keeping him overnight. It'll make leaving him that much easier. Hey, come here. This is a joke, right? You're not really asking me to move into your house, right? Well, since the two of you are so determined to live together, maybe this is the best solution. At least you won't be spending yourselves into oblivion. Whoa, Mom okay, the last thing you need is our music, our late hours and our dirty dishes in your sink. Okay, we very much appreciate the gesture. But Alison and I both work, all right? And we can make it on our own. But thank you anyway, Mrs. Hughes. If you change your minds Don't worry, Dad, we won't. This is so nice. Yeah, there's no . May I cut in, please? I don't know. I just need to borrow Jessica for a minute before I leave. I'll be right back. Why are you're delivering letters from Sarah to Bonnie when there is a court order that prohibits it? Okay, Margo, first of all, it's not what you think. I just told Sarah I would deliver the letters. I'm not really doing it. Well, that's a good idea. Why are you lying to her? Simply so that she would stay with me and Ben and Curtis and have a real family. Mom, you're positively glowing. I tell you, Jen, I haven't felt this happy or alive in ages. Do you know that your father just tried to undermine our commitment to each other, and if you can believe this Paul put him in his place. Well, Mom Dad has a asking you to side against him in this. It's just I'm saying I am so thrilled that Paul has taken up for me, for all of us. Do you know that he told him that we are bound and determined to make this new family of ours work, and that we're doing this for Will and we're not gon na be torn apart. I have longed and waited to hear that from him. My eyes I can't focus, what's going on? The air was stale in there. You'll be okay if you just try to relax. Just close your eyes, let all your worries go, I'll make you feel a whole lot better. Take me home You don't mean that. I do I mean it Get off of me, Clark Let me go Stop There's a word for girls like you. You let a guy take you out, I said take me home I'm not taking you home until I get what I want Stop Paul, he tried he tried I know. I understand. It's okay. It's gon na be okay. When I thought I was gon na live in that one-room dump with Aaron? All I could think about was you. How much I wanted to be with you. And now I will be. Well, we won't be rich, but we'll be happy. Happy Valentine's Day, Alison. I love you. Woo Oh, I'm sorry. I was reading and I saw the lights come on over here. So, I thought I'd just nip across and find out who else had come home from the party. It's okay, Gram. We found some Valentine's cookies. Alison and I were celebrating. We're moving in together. Oh? Oh. . So, Susan Stewart's daughter is moving in with Kim Hughes's son will wonders never cease? I'm gon na check on Craig. And if he is okay, I'm leaving. Can I drive you home? No, no, no. It's okay. I'll be fine. Thanks. You're a good man, Mike. My brother really messed up, didn't he? Well, I was feeling bad for myself. Now I run into her. She just lost everything. I don't know kinda made me feel like I was lucky to have had all the good times with you that I did, you know? Yeah. Or Rosanna. I mean, Craig has done some horrible things, but to lose a baby must be the worst feeling in the world. I mean, even worse than we've been saying goodbye for a while. It's funny. Goodbye was one Well, for real this time. Be well. Be happy. Goodbye, angel. Hi, Katie. I got the call about Craig. How's he doing? Oh, he's going to be fine. Oh, but look at you. You're coming apart at the seams again. Oh, baby, come here. Rosanna Goodbye, Craig. Hi, it's me. Luce, could you could you just give me a call just to let me know that you made it home? Okay, bye. Everything okay? I'm trying to get in touch with Lucy, but I think her phone's off. I just hope she made it home all right. Lucy? Hey. Hey, you okay? Feeling any better? Yeah, like I'm coming out of a fog or something. I don't know what happened. I think maybe that your date put something in . Oh, my God. I'm such an idiot. No. Hey, hey. Don't do that. All right? Don't. You didn't do anything wrong. What he did was wrong. I mean, it's a crime. And I think you need to report him. No. No, I can't. I would be the one who would go to prison. You don't know my father. Actually, I do. (Door-knocking) Hey. Rosanna, I'm really glad you're here. Um, actually, I have a car downstairs to take me to the airport. Listen, Lucy's here, and she's not feeling so good. Why? What happened? Is she sick? Some guy dragged her to his car and tried to force himself on her. And I got there before things got really out of hand. But she's really shaken up. Excuse me. so sorry. I heard something terrible happened. I don't want to talk about it. I'm just so glad you're still here. All right, listen. You guys stay here. I got ta run an errand. Oh, thanks. Listen, can you tell my driver I'll be down in a few minutes? Yeah. I can't believe you didn't leave. I was so sure you were going to. I mean, after everything my father did, I wouldn't blame you. I love you so much. I'm so glad you stayed. You know, your grandmother has a point. We are like this big experiment. What do you mean? Well, our two families have been had this, like, big feud for like a hundred years. I mean, our mothers really don't like each other. No. But here we are. A Stewart and a Hughes right. What have we done? So, here we have the chance to finally break this big curse. And you and I can finally bring peace, and love, and harmony back to Oakdale. And everyone will be happy. And everyone will live happily ever after. So, what do you think, Dr. Hughes? I think I'll settle for a kiss. Do you promise? I promise. I won't go anywhere until tomorrow. Tonight I will stay with you. I'm going to miss you so much. And Cabot I miss our family. Daddy I don't know what's going to happen to him. It'll be okay. What is it, Katie? It's to Craig, from Rosanna. Oh, my God, Margo she's leaving him. What? Rosanna? Rosanna? No, Rosanna she's gone home for the night, Craig. she didn't say. But you have your two beautiful sisters here to take care of you. We're going to take good care of you. Margo didn't understand how important your letters to Bonnie are to you. And once I explained that to her, she was fine with it. Okay. I'm gon na go say good night to Curtis. Oh, okay. You think I should tell Sarah the truth, don't you? So does Margo. No, that's not what I was gon na say. I wasn't even thinking about Sarah. I was gon na say you slay me, baby. Happy Valentine's Day. And may we have a hundred more. Happy Valentine's Day. Did you ever get the feeling that someone was lying to you, but you couldn't just come out and ask them? Who's been lying to you? Someone who spends a whole lot of . Jessica? There you are. Where have you been? Good night, thank you so much. You know what? This whole night has been nothing but a dream for me. My two children working with me on a new venture, everyone has had a great time. They're all so complimentary. And even even Kiki Osborn, she said that she can't wait to see the new line. And it's all because of you, Paul. Well, I'm just glad that you're happy, Mom. Well, it's been a long night. And I think we should get Mom home. What? Well, if BRO's going to reach new heights, you've got a lot of designing to do. I got ta make a phone call. Well, you'll catch up with us then. Good night. Good night. You know, somebody really ought to check the children Hi, Paul. Listen, I'm sorry that Jack and I left your party a little bit early. No, no. Forget about that. I want to meet with you. I have a business proposition for you. Really? What kind? It's about BRO and your future at my company. Listen keep this between you and me, and I'll call you tomorrow. That should be interesting. Kids are fine. What did Paul want? Um he just he just wanted to be sure that we didn't leave the party early because of something Barbara said. Did you tell him we had to leave early because this is our favorite holiday and we have a mandate? From St. Valentine himself. That's right. So, let's get to work. Next week on " As the World Turns " I'm gon na go find out from Clark if I got ta beat Aaron. Stay out of it. Oh, the hell I will, Lucy. I mean it Just a little something to remember me by. Oh, my God What are you doing here? I just brought Lucy home. Get out of my home. 
I'm pretty sure that I told you that Chris and I got engaged. I mean, I think I practically told the whole world. Not me. No, and the rock on your finger what's the deal with you hiding it behind your dress the whole time? Okay, how come we are standing here and talking when we should be inside looking? We're wasting time, Aaron. The key is right there in that studio, okay? And do you realize that that would be my second key? I only need four more keys, and I then I'll win $300,000. No, no, no, no, no wait, wait When's the wedding? A long time from now, okay Like, when? Like September, okay? You and Chris are tying the knot in two months? Yeah. What is the big deal? Alison, you're making the biggest mistake of your life. closer your belt buckle's gon na be imprinted on my stomach. Concentration. Okay, okay. Please. You think anybody's buying us? Just stick a rose in your mouth, Gomez, and tango me over to the window. Come on, let's go. They're laughing, Senor Montez look. They're not serious about the tango at all. They're frauds. Oh, baby, you've got some nerve. You want me to give you something in exchange for your silence? You were listening. Good. There's a name for what you're doing. Oh, yeah, and there's a name for what you were doing with Doc Reese. And I can keep your husband from finding out what that is. You might want to bear in mind that you're playing this little game with a detective. Oh. I can have pretty icky for you, wouldn't it? I mean, I'd have to spill my guts and your husband is the D.A. Besides, what I want isn't such big of a deal. Do you have any idea how little money I make? My kid's tuition alone costs Look, I don't want your money. Well, then what is it you want? Doc Reese. You hear that, Jess? You're pregnant. You're having our baby I know. It's a dream come true. I don't believe this. I am so happy. Me, too. We should go somewhere and celebrate. Absolutely. Before you do that, Jess, you need to stop by my office to set up a series of prenatal visits. Yes, of course. I'll come right there. I just don't believe this. Thank you. Thank you. Sometimes there are real miracles. Yes, amen. Amen. Did I just hear that some sort of congratulations are in order here? Not that it's any of your business I won an important case today. Oh. Oh, I see. Um, I didn't mean to intrude. Well then, you shouldn't have. I was on my way out, Ben. But there's a kid here who is not doing so well. And his mom asked if I'd drop by and see him, but I'm having a hard time figuring out The children's ward is in the McClosky pavilion. You just go down the hall and follow the signs. Thank you, Dr. Harris. Look, I know I made that up, but Look, I don't blame you for not wanting Doc Reese to know that we that man to know anything about my personal life. Cabot, what are you doing, huh? You get sick of your teddy bears and decide to come down here, see what was down here? Paul, this isn't funny. Why? He's fine. Come on, he's safe. There's got to be some kind of a reasonable explanation An infant can't move himself from a nursery to the library. Maybe the housekeeper moved him. Maybe she heard him fussing and brought him down here. And just left him all alone? Without telling us that he was up and by himself? Maybe it was Jordan. Maybe he came home from lunch and I don't know. The guy has no idea how to take care of a baby. You'd be surprised how much Jordan knows. Okay, maybe he looked in and decided to play Daddy for a little while. Only to abandon him . I'll tell you what That doesn't make sense I'll call the office. I can ask Blaine if Jordan came home. Okay. Hey. Blaine, its Paul. Jordan there? Okay, thanks. Well? In a meeting. He's been there all day. But that doesn't mean I know, I don't like what this means. I don't like it at all. It means that somebody has access to this house and is playing musical chairs with the baby. Have you ever heard Beethoven's fifth played on a steel drum? Can't say that I have. Well, I know this beach, it's got white sand, blue skies and music that's out of this world. Let's go there, Barbara. Come on. Let's take some time off and worry about nothing but the waiter bringing us our next round of * coladas. I ca I just have a lot going on. You sure it's your schedule and not the man that's asking you? (Barbara-sighs) Barbara, don't It'll take just a second. Just talk to me Just a second. Just a second. Hello? I just wanted to make sure you got back to Oakdale without any incident. Yes, Blaine, yes as a matter of fact, I'm at the Lakeview right now. But I'll be able to make my afternoon appointments. Ah, with your new man, are you? Well, I just hope he treats you as well as you deserve to be treated. Is this really important? I'm pressed for time. Just wanted to let you know the matter we discussed earlier today? I'm already working on it. And what matter is that? Just call Fairwinds. Okay let's think about this logically. Right. This house is defended like Fort Knox. There's only a limited number of people who have access to it. Maybe Phyllis moved him. No Maybe she heard him fussing and brought him down here. No, I gave Phyllis the afternoon off. Iris, though, there's iris. She's the new maid. All right, let's talk to Iris. Okay. We're gon na get to the bottom of this. Okay, okay. Oh, Paul, would you do me a favor? Will you call Jennifer and find out if she came by? Jennifer would know better than to leave a baby alone in the living room in his crib You don't know that. Would you just call her and ask? Sure. Paul, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to talk to you like that. No, it's all right. No, it When something happens with the baby I've been through so much. It just really upsets me. I'm very sorry. I'm very glad that you're here, okay? Yeah, I'm glad I'm here, too. This event with the baby is just a mistake, right? Yeah, I'm sure that's all it is. We've been made. Help me create a distraction so I can get to that key. A distraction? What are you talking about? Emily, work with me. Ow What'd you do that for? Oh God, that hurt. Oh, Senor Montez. I think I have a foot cramp or something. It hurts oh, I think I pulled a muscle or something. Is there anything you can do for me, Senor? If you understood the tango, you will feel no pain, only the passion of the dance. It's a 'm telling you, it hurts so bad. Is there anything we can do? Oh, are you a love Oh, thank you. Maybe you could massage it or something? Thank you. It would be a privilege. Oh, you're a doll. Ow ooh That's better, thank you. Oh, that's so much better. Oh, oh, that's better - Chris is the best thing that has ever happened to me. How can you say that marrying him is a mistake? You're turning 19, Ali. Marrying anybody at your age is a big mistake. You should have figured that out by now. And who are you, Father time? How come you've got all the answers? I didn't I didn't say I did, okay? Just tell me something, when did you and Chris decide to get married in the first place? We did you guys didn't even talk about this together before you made a decision? So what, okay? So, you think that I'm too messed up for someone to propose to me? No, of course not. I just wan na know. I just wan na know how come. Because it's really sudden. I mean, you're not, like are you are you Pregnant? Oh, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you I'm just asking, Ali. Chill, okay? The answer is no. It's nothing like that at all. He asked me to marry him, I said yes, and that's all. Well, how'd you, you know how'd you react? I mean, were you surprised? Yes, I was surprised. Is that a crime? Okay, okay, since you were surprised and caught off guard. You just decided to 's just get married "? That's what happened, right? That's what you did? Chris didn't force me to say that I'd marry him, if that's what you're getting at. But you are right about the surprise part. I was blown away when he asked me. I mean, Chris could have anybody that he wants. Oh, so you're just marrying the guy' cause you're grateful to him? That's just perfect, Alison. That's a hell of a way to start a life together. I'm happy, Aaron. Why can't why can't you just be happy for me? You're supposed to be my best friend. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have gone off on you like that. It's not just Doc. I don't want anyone to know that I'm pregnant just yet. How about Curtis and Bonnie? No out of the first trimester. You know, call me superstitious, whatever. No, I completely understand. We'll keep it our own beautiful little secret. Shh. I'm gon na be off in a little bit. How should we celebrate? Why don't we do lunch? Okay. I'll have your people call my people, or vice versa but first let me make those appointments with Dr. Schiller. Yes, yes. Yes. (Elevator-dings) Hi, I'm meeting my dad. Would you page him for me? Of course, Mr. Hughes. Thank you. I'm not looking to make a scene here. I'm just here visiting patients. That's fine. Just so you know, Margo and I have reached an understanding. So, we're going to be just fine. You know, I know you won't believe this, Tom. But I'd be a fool to believe anything you say. So, from here on, stay away from my wife. Hey, Tom. Hi. What a special treat. If you can poke a hole in your busy schedule, then I could buy you lunch. I'm looking forward to it. Thing's okay? Let's talk in the restaurant. Okay. What do you mean you " want " Doc? Do you even know him? Please. I've been a football fan since birth. I mean, I saw him play when I was in high school. And if someone had told me then that I mean, when he first walked in here, I thought I was gon na faint. He's even more gorgeous in person. But, uh, you already know that. Well then if you want him, go for it. He's available. And I'm just a waitress century. No one's interested in that anymore. But it's Doc who hasn't noticed me. And that's because you've had him preoccupied. For about five minutes. But he's free now. Well, so you say but I mean, I bet you still have some pull. I mean, if you told him you knew a fun-loving girl So what are asking me? Do you want me to set you up with Doc? I just want to spend some time with him. One night. One night? You want me to pimp for you? You don't have to make it sound so sleazy. I just want a date. It is sleazy. So was what happened in that steam room But if you convince Doc to call me for a date No, no Before this evening then your husband doesn't have to know what a skanky tramp his wife really is Me? I'm just a girl in love. You are the one rolling around naked with a man who isn't your husband. That's playing with fire. Nobody's scolding you, Iris. If Cabot was fussing in his crib and you didn't want to leave him there all by himself, it's perfectly understandable. But you should never, ever leave him alone. And if you get him up, you should tell somebody. I didn't go anywhere near the baby, ma'am. Well, it's got to be one of the three of us and neither Paul nor I moved him. And nobody else has access to this house, do they? As far as I know. Thank you, Iris. I wouldn't lie, not about the baby. Paul, she has to have moved him. Because if it wasn't her and it wasn't us, then somebody has access to this house. the same meeting that Jordan was I'll get that. Well, thank you. Cabot residence. Paul, is that you? Mom? Look, I'm in the middle of something right now. Can this wait? Well, actually, we need to schedule a meeting for tomorrow. Yeah, I'll have to get back to you on that. Why? Is something wrong? Nothing I can't handle. Oh, well, if it's business-related, maybe I could help. No, it's personal. Is there a problem? Barbara laughs I can take a rain check on lunch. Oh, no, not a chance. As a matter of fact, suddenly I'm ravenous. There is no muscle spasm here. Of course not. She's faking. Why would I be faking it? Well, don't you get what she's What key? Oh, the silly game that's in all the newspapers. The key must be in the studio. Okay, I don't know what any of you are talking about. I don't know anything about a key. I'm here to learn to tango. Who's the teacher? I am the teacher here. Do you wish to learn tango? Yeah. No. Actually, we just wanted to check out those giant ballerina slippers in window. The direct approach how come we didn't think of that? They know where the key is Dancer #4 well, what are we waiting for? Dancer #3 hey Get outta my way Philistines All of you It's not in here. Not a single one of you is a serious artist You are only after the gold This is all my fault. I'm it's okay. Let's, let's just go. What gold? What key? The key wasn't in the slipper? But I thought it was. What, we did all that for nothing? Shh. (Emily-cheers) Oh, we got the key What are you doing here? I'm here visiting a sick kid. Oh football hero. Yes, of course. And I wanted to talk to you. Not in public. You're not okay, Margo. Just what's going on here? Not here. This place is crawling with in-laws. Not anymore. Your husband and his father just left for lunch. Do you, uh, do you remember Jill from the club? Yeah, I remember Jill. I've talked to her. The waitress, right? Yeah. Well, she's got a little sideline going. Blackmail. She threatened, that and she found out about the steam room from some guy who works there. But, it doesn't matter. No matter where we met, Doc, Jill just happened to be right behind us, huh? What does she want? You. What do you mean, me? You. She wants a date with you. Well, actually, not a date. That's not really how she put it. It was more like a one-night stand. She wants a one-night stand with you with all the trimmings. No way. And if she doesn't get it, she's going to blow my life out of the water. Well, what did you tell her? Well, what do you think I told her? That I would talk to you, Doc. Please, are you going to help me or not? I never take my wallet out of my coat, but I was looking for my fountain, forget about it, Dad. Just let me pay. Its Tom and his father. Coming up on " As the World Turns. " I can just order from Al and have my lunch right here at my desk. You'd do that? Rosanna, I think you have no idea what I'm willing to do for you. Hi. What are you doing here? Hi. I stopped by the hospital to see Jess, and I remembered that you guys were having lunch today, so I thought I'd Oh, it's a good thing you have a forgetful father-in-law. You guys would have missed each other. I left my wallet around here somewhere. Oh. Hi. What'd you want to tell me about? I got a note from Casey's school, from the guidance counselor that they wanted to meet with the parents, all the parents, before the year started. Casey, we can have lunch another day. No, no, huh-uh. Don't do that. Really, I have reports to finish. I can just order from Al and my lunch right here at my desk. No, no. Tom's been looking forward to this lunch with you for so long. And I don't want to get in the way of that. So, no. Just I want to see Jess, anyway. She's in with Dr. Schiller. Well, the meeting with Casey's counselor isn't imminent, right? I mean, we can talk about it tonight? Yeah. Here. Is this what you're looking for? What a detective. Here you go. Now I see why you married this woman. Yeah, don't you forget it. So, yeah, yeah. You guys go have a good lunch, and I'll see you at home tonight. No. I have to call the station, and you know hospitals and cell phones can't do it. So, I was hoping, can I use your land line? Feel free. See you later. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay, Doc, I can not live my life like this. You have got to do something about this Jill person. And you have got to do it now. I've thought about it. And there's no way I'm getting involved. I want you to know something. Just because I can't go away with you right now doesn't mean that I'm afraid to let the world know that we're together. Thank you for saying that. I was I was in a cocoon until you cracked it open. You believed in me. You believed that I could change. I am so happy. I think we should have a dinner party. Together that, letting the world know. Sounds civilized. And it will be an official way of letting my children know that I'm living my own life. And letting them know officially that they're in charge of their own. Are you serious about this, Barbara? Do you need convincing, Dr. Daniels? Why don't you follow me upstairs to my room, and I will try to convince you how really serious I am. What about your afternoon appointments? I'll just tell my secretary I'm otherwise engaged. I could not believe it when you showed me that key. I know. I know. And when I went to make the grab, Alison and Aaron were standing right outside the window, so I had to wait before I could get it. How did they figure out that clue, anyway? I'm sure that they got outside help, just like me. I'm guessing my Grandmother. know. You know, I have to admit when we first heard about this game, I thought it sounded pretty lame. But you know what I've noticed since I've been playing? That you're smarter than everybody else? Well, yeah, that too. But, I think its bringing people closer together. It's kinda nice. And it's for a good cause, too. Really? There's a charity? Nobody told me about a charity. Well, the Alison Stewart fund. Oh. That is, if you're still willing to donate our key to her. Oh, that poor kid. Did you see the look on her face when she saw there was nothing in that slipper? I know. I almost couldn't take it. I was going to walk right over there and hand it to her. Oh, God. She wants that money so badly, she can taste it. obsession isn't about the money. It's about what she thinks that it can do for her. You know, like buy her a home, give her a sense of security that she's never had. You really get my baby sister, don't you? Yeah, I do. You really want to play this game? What did you have in mind? Well, I'm thinking, we find all those keys. We give the money to Alison. And you convince her to give some of that money to a real charity. Now that would be amazing. I think it sounds great. Are you in? The two of us? Partners? Yeah, you bet. Partners. Look, I really hope you understand why I was all in your face earlier. No, it's okay It's just I worry for you, that's all, Ali. I mean, you family. It's not always so bad. Yeah, I know. I just don't like thinking of you having to spend the rest of your life feeling like you have to measure up to him. Chris's parents are happy that we're getting married. Okay so Dr. Bob slapped a smile on his face, and Kim was trying not to choke. Are you ready to be, like, a doctor's wife? I mean, with the bridge parties and the charity events and all that junk? It doesn't have to be like that, okay? I just want my own life. I love my mom, I do. Now don't get me wrong, in all honesty, sometimes I feel like this thing that she had just to prove that she was still young I have no relationship with my dad, you know that. But when I get married, it's like I'm first. And I get my to paint the walls bubble-gum pink, I can. You know? Alison, you can have all that without marrying Chris. I have that just because of a job. Yeah, and you have roaches. Yeah, so? But they're my roaches, Ali. Understand? Aaron, I Look, listen, I just don't want you getting married for the wrong reasons. Okay, I know that you're upset, and it's been a really rotten day. But you have to lay off about me getting engaged. Because if you don't, then I don't think I can be friends with you anymore. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. You, you have been chasing skirts since you were young enough to hide under them. And now suddenly you're developing principles? Why are you talking to me like this? Because my entire life is about to fall apart because of you. Listen. I came after you hot and heavy, and I'll admit that. But you didn't exactly walk away, Margo. So, if things are a little bit rocky at the Hughes' home, I think both of us had a hand in that. All right, all right, all right. I'll give you that. But please, Doc, are you going to help me? No. No, I'm not, Margo. I can't. I mean, the fact is, I already had an encounter with this girl, Jill. And I let her know right away I wasn't interested. That's why she came to you. And went straight to my husband. She's gon na go straight to my husband. Do you know what will happen? I'll lose my marriage. I'll lose my job. Oh, come on. People have affairs everyday, and no one loses their job over it blemish the department's reputation, if I cause a scandal, then the commissioner is going to come after me, he's gon na take my badge, my head, my everything. And I can't believe you're just gon na let that happen. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Just give me a minute to think about it. What is to think about? Doc, I'm not asking you to do anything that you probably don't do every other night of your life. I mean, when Jessica called you up and told you about Tom, you were already out with some tramp you probably picked up that afternoon. Whoa, whoa. Where did that come from? I'm sorry. Never mind. Forget about it. Look, Margo. I get around with the ladies, and I'll own up to that. But because I do, I've developed this it's like this sixth sense that Jill? That's trouble with a capital " t ". Oh, great, so I'm not worth the trouble. I didn't say that. But what you're asking me to do What I'm asking you to do, Doc, is to make this right. Don't you understand? If Tom finds out about us, about the steam room, that it was so much more than I told him, it was so much more than one kiss, do you But nothing happened. Yeah, well your " nothing " and Tom's " nothing " are two completely different things. Being discovered naked in public that's something to Tom. Please, Doc, are you going to help me or not? I can't believe that you want to be partners with me in this game. Why? We've been partners before. Whoa. That was another life, Emily. Well, you you know? And with my brains and your surgeon's hands And my hospital hours. I'm just saying you could end up carrying more than your fair share. Oh, so we'll work it out. It's no big deal. Are you sure you can even do this? I mean, from what I remember with your job at the paper, it was 24/7 and I wouldn't think that you would have time. Well, Daniel's in school now, and the paper practically runs itself because I delegated so much responsibility when I married Hal. Yes, well, you still have a family to take care of. Well, they pretty much take care of themselves these days. So Is everything okay? Yeah. Okay. All right. If you're sure everything is okay. Yeah, everything's great. All right, fine. Then you're okay with keeping this a secret from Ali see her face when she sees all those keys. Chris Oh, excuse me. I have to get back to Memorial. Okay. Thanks for the soda. Thank you for the dance. I'm sorry about your toe. It's okay. I've got, I've got nine left, I guess. Okay. The two of us, partners, huh? Yes. Yes. Would you go? I've got something to look forward to. All right. I'll see you later. Go. Look, I'll keep my big mouth shut. I mean, I don't wan na blow our friendship, Ali. You know what I think? I think that you're probably just really worried about Molly, and that's why you're getting all overprotective of me. Yeah, maybe you're right. It's just working here, it's kind of hard not to obsess about what, then you obviously need to get out of this place. Aaron, you know what we could do? You could be my official partner, and then we could just keep searching for the keys together. Now what do you think Chris is going to think about that? Chris is far too mature to care about me getting a new partner for some contest. I'm serious. How could he give me a hard time? He's always working all the time. It's not like he has time to hunt for a bunch of keys. No, you're gon na be dealing with a lot of doctor's hours if you're going to be spending the rest of your life with him. Not that I'm saying anything or anything. I'm keeping my big mouth shut. I'm sorry. Yeah, okay? Okay. Okay. Well, will you promise to be my partner? Yeah, okay, I'll do it Nancy's, like, my consultant. But you're my partner, who's always available. And you know that I as so going to be the one who's going to get the rest of those keys. You gon na tell Chris? Yeah, I'm thinking about it. Yeah, well this is the first time for everything, right? Even the truth, Ali. All right. Well, I will give you a call when I find out the next clue, okay? Alison. Yeah? I just I just hope you're happy. I'm like the luckiest person in the world. I have a great fianc and the best best friend in the world. Why wouldn't I be happy? Please, Doc. Please, you said that you cared about me. I did care about you. I do care. Well, if you do care about me, please help me hold way to deal with Jill. Thank you. But you better do it fast, because she's expecting a phone call tonight. Tonight? I know. Oh, come on. I know. I'm sorry. Look, I don't like this any more than you do. The thought of you being with another woman I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry. What's wrong, Margo? Come on, talk to me. You were with someone else last night, weren't you? You and I've moved on, remember? That's the way you wanted it. No, that's the way you made it. Well, after you put up the struggle of a lifetime. You know what, I don't want to play that game of who kicked who out. It's just, it was a surprise, is all. I didn't really expect you way I am, I guess. You know what, Doc? I'm not gon na lie to you. I really felt something for you, something I hadn't felt in a long time. I felt alive. And I loved it. But you're right, it's over. It's got ta be over now. But please, please, Doc, please help me out here. Please help to make this right, please. I said I would, didn't I? Okay, Cabot's down for his nap. Great. I was tempted to stay there, but I don't want to be paranoid. I mean, babies pick up on how you're feeling. I think I have an explanation for what happened. I talked to Iris again Oh, Iris. I feel terrible about how I spoke to her. You were worried. Iris said that Phyllis didn't leave at noon the way she out of here until after 1:00. Are you sure? Yeah. I checked with the gardener, and he said that he saw Phyllis leaving. And she something about being late for some kind of an appointment. Oh, so maybe Phyllis heard Cabot crying, she went upstairs, she got him and she brought him down and then had to run out. I'm sure that's exactly what happened. I'll talk to Phyllis about it tomorrow. I can't believe I went ballistic over such a little thing. Rosanna, you've been alone and frightened for a long time now. But you're not in this by yourself anymore. Do you understand that? I'm beginning to. There you are. The nurse told me you were looking for me. What? What's wrong? Somebody's trying to blackmail me, somebody who saw me and Doc together. At the country club? I don't believe this don't know. And the worst part is that Doc could do something to stop it, but I'm afraid that he's not going to. Wait, wait. Now, I don't understand. How can Doc take care of this? Does this person want a lot of money? No. This person is a woman. She wants Doc. Wait. She wants you to set her up with Doc? That is such a polite way of putting it. Oh, and he's not game? You know, I was standing there in the room, and I'm trying to convince him to go to bed with another woman. This is so humiliating. Jessica, I don't know if I'm his mistress or his pimp. You are neither one. Don't talk like that. You know, the thing is I don't even know why I should feel jealous. I'm a married woman, and he's for God's sake, he was with another woman last night. How do you know that? Oh, Tom followed him. He saw Doc in his car with another woman, but all he found was the other woman's compact in the car. Did Tom tell you that? Did Tom tell me? No. Tom grilled me. " Where is your compact? Show me your compact? " (Jessica-remembering) Hurry, hurry, hurry. I finally showed it to him. He believed me, but if this blackmailer spills God, I don't know what I'm gon na do if I lose Tom. So, so Tom doesn't know who this compact belongs to? And it shouldn't make any difference. But you know Tom, he sees a stray clue, and he just he gnaws on it. He'll find out who the compact belongs to. And then the heat'll be off me. Hi working today. I'm not. I just came in to see you. Oh. Well, how did your hunt for the key go? Oh, Aaron and I lost out. Somebody got there first. I'm sorry. No, it's okay. Anyway, I was thinking about what you said, and you were right. I think I need a partner who has more time for the game, you know? Did you have someone in mind? Well, I was thinking about just keeping Aaron as my partner because he's been really bummed lately, and I think that this could, you know, help him keep his mind off things, you know? You know what? I think that's a great idea. You do? Really? Really. Well, you better watch out. Because I'm going win those five keys, and I'm gon na win this whole game, just for you molehill, didn't I? Itty-bitty mountain, anthill. Hey, I've got an idea. Why don't we go check on Cabot and make sure that he's safe and sound, and then you can take a nap. Okay. Yeah, I'm exhausted. And while you nap, I'll sit next to Cabot's crib and make sure nothing happens to him. You'd do that for me? Yeah. Rosanna, I think you have no idea of what I'm willing to do for you. Well, I imagine that Rosanna and Paul have recovered from finding young Cabot in the library? Tomorrow, let's give them something that isn't so easily explained away. Tomorrow on " As the World Turns " You get out of my face before I lose my temper. You keep your end of the bargain, or everyone in this town will be talking about you. And your husband won't like your construction crew. He already knows the name of one of the guys, Don Creale. Dusty's gon na track him down, and he's going to find out who hired him to kidnap me. 
You're a hard man to track down. I thought you were supposed to be working on the new addition to the E.R. I am. Well, that's a few flights down. What are you doing here? Coffee machine was broken downstairs. Right. Mike, you think I don't remember that this is the floor that Katie was assigned to? Makes you feel good, huh? Talking to a bunch of people that miss her as much as you do? What do you want? I want to join your construction crew. Want to join my crew? That's right. I want feel the joy of building something. Don't laugh now. I want to live off the sweat of my brow. I want to swing one of these babies. Right. I also want to pay off my parking fines. I'm in need of some gainful employment there, old buddy. Forget it. Mike, there is a warrant out for my That's not fair. Now I have not been busted in over a month. Come on, now. You must need a little bit of help around here. Henry, hiring you Yes? Would be a very expensive mistake. How much do you need? $500. There's $300. Take it or leave it. Thanks. You know, you're a pal. And now that Katie's gone, it's nice to know that I still have you. And I thought I couldn't feel any worse. Everything in this plea agreement seems fine. Good. I'll convey the news to my client. So, now Yes? Why are we here? This is the kind of business we usually handle over the phone but you wanted a face-to-face. So what's up? (Jessica-remembering) Tom followed him. He saw Doc in his car with another woman, but all he found was I just wanted to see how you were doing. You know, after everything that's happened. I'm sure Margo told you. Yes, Margo has talked me because I'm her friend. And I am your friend, too, Tom. And I care about you. All the same, I don't think we should be having this conversation. Why not? You don't need somebody to talk to, too? Maybe down the road but right now it's all just still a little too raw. Okay, then you're probably not going to hear what I want to say, but I'm going to say it anyway. You have to start trusting Margo again. That's going to be a little tough, Jess. Oh, come on, Tom. Doc Reese is a flirt, okay? He flirts with anyone in a skirt. So he came on to your wife. She resisted. Oh, I was one kiss. One bad moment in the multitude of good moments that have made up your marriage. Come on, let it go. How? How do you let go of the knowledge that your wife betrayed you? Okay, it's not going to happen overnight. You know, but you have to not give yourself the opportunity to dwell on the pain. Just just if there's anything that reminds you of it, just get rid of it. Any small, insignificant thing just get rid of it. I wish it were that simple, Jess, but it's just not. Yeah, hi. I'm going to have a Do I look tired to you? Oh, Jill, I It's because I stayed up half the night waiting for Doc to call. You did tell him to call me, didn't you? I did give him your ultimatum, yes, but apparently he does Well, that's just because he doesn't know what he's missing. But he will as soon as we spend some time together. My, my, my. You're such a confident girl. More power to you. I didn't ask for your approval, detective. I asked for you to get Doc to call me and I do not like waiting. And I do not like being blackmailed, lady. So you get out of my face before I lose my temper. You keep your end of the bargain, or everyone in this town will be talking about you. And your husband won't like what they're saying. Agent Fox, I didn't expect to see you. Agent-Fox And I didn't know you were such a hot dog. When did you decide to make the Donovan/Starziak case your personal crusade? Can somebody around here get me a desk? I have a mess to clean up. Oh, lullaby Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine. You must be in shock after that ordeal what Dusty put you through. How many times do I have to tell everyone? Dusty saved my life. Oh, sweetness, I think Dusty has fooled a lot of people. Well, he didn't fool me. He risked his life to keep me safe. He could have left me behind weeks ago, but he was determined to find out who was behind this plot to kidnap me. Let me just give you a word of caution. Daddy All right? Do you remember the trouble he got Aaron into? The illegal betting? Sweetness, he can't be trusted. Well, I trust him. Well, that's just foolish. Just because he says he's going to track the real kidnappers. It's not foolish at all. He already knows the name of one of the guys. He does to track him down and he's going to find out who hired him to kidnap me. Took your sweet time, didn't you? What's the matter, Dust you got something against fresh air and sunshine? I got something against being jerked around. I want Creel. You going to give him up, yes or no? That would be a no. Mike, you know, $300 is great That's all I'm going to loan you. I know. I'm not asking for more. No, no, no. You misunderstand me. I just thought maybe we could spend some time together. You know, an hour maybe two. To do what? To come down to the police station with me. It's parking tickets, not manslaughter. Just pay the bill. You're right. You're right. You're right. Maybe we could do lunch. You know I eat alone. Oh, okay. I just thought that since I miss Katie and you miss Katie, we have something in common, but never mind. Metro- I'm having lunch at Metro. You want to meet there, fine. There we go, okay. This could be the start of a beautiful friendship. Its lunch, Henry. Don't ruin it by making threats. What happened? I've been going over and over it in my mind. I mean, do I spend too many hours at work? Do I not pay enough attention to her? Come on, Tom. Stop it, stop it. You're going to make yourself crazy. Oh, I've already mastered that, Jess, trust me. Last night, I followed Doc Reese. I just couldn't help myself. I was going to catch him with my wife. But you didn't. Saw him with another woman Just give me your word that you will just stay away from all of us, okay? Get out of here now. Excuse me? Just get out. Somebody's back there. Hurry, hurry, hurry. Come on, Jessica. But you didn't recognize who this woman was? No, I didn't get a good look at her. But she did leave something behind. Yeah, Margo said something about a compact? Yeah, it was in Doc's car. I grabbed it before he saw me. I was gon na take it home and give Margo the third degree. Yeah, I was gon na treat her like some perp I was building a case against. And this thing didn't even belong to her. I do not like what this is turning me into. That's why you just have to wipe the slate clean, Tom. Okay? And you can start by getting rid of this so was nothing. I don't think I'd use the word nothing, Jess. Come on. It was a flirtation, Tom. You've have to move on. Could you? I mean, if Ben was flirting with some nurse? I apologize, Jess, that was over the line. No, no. No, no. It's it wasn't that. It's a twinge or something in my back. I probably pulled a muscle working out. I'm fine, really. You sure? Mm-hmm. Look, I I got ta get going. Yeah, okay Tom, just take my advice, okay. I mean, just get rid of the compact. If you want you can give it to me. I'll throw it away for you. I don't even have it, Jess. I left it in the car. But I appreciate the advice. I got ta get to of fact, I'm supposed to meet Margo there for lunch. Would you tell her I'm gon na be a little late? I think I'll stop somewhere and get a heating pad for my back. Sure. No problem. (Jessica-sighs) First I'm gon na take care of you. I thought we were going to be discreet. I know, but that's a little difficult when Jill is pouncing on me every time I walk in here. She said you haven't called her yet. I've been busy. Come on, Doc, please. You got ta get her off my back. She's gon na destroy what's left of my marriage and Doc? Doc, please. Deal with her. All right, all right. I'll find a way. Is everything else okay? No, not even close. But I'm working on it. All right. You wanted to see me? Mmm, that sounds interesting. I'm staying at the Lakeview. I know. Hmm? Why don't you meet me over there in the lounge in say say about an hour? I just have to get off work. You're not gon na regret this, Doc. I mean, we're gon na have a very memorable time. I have no doubt. Hey, on the phone on the phone you told me you'd give me Don Creel. And now you're backing out? What's the game we're playing? You owe me money, hombre. I give up Creel, what's in it for me? How' bout I don't break your neck? I either make a profit on you or I make one on Lucy Montgomery. She's got a very rich Grandmother. No, don't even think about Lucy Montgomery. She's totally off-limits to you. What about 's not just rich, she's beautiful. And you just spent a couple of days shacked up Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth. Please, she's a kid. You know, you seem a little personally invested in this, Donovan. Yeah? You are, too. You're just too stupid to know it. The feds want to talk to me all day about you. Is that so? Oh, yeah. And before I leave this town, I got ta prove that I didn't kidnap Lucy Montgomery. So, unless you want the feds to bring me in for questioning, I suggest that you give me Don Creel so I can get out of here. Well how' bout you get him yourself. I'll tell you how. You know that dive, Yo's? Don creel's brother's part owner. Maybe you'll get a lead there. You double-cross me to the feds I've startin' now. Good plan. Might even keep you alive. Don Creel? Where would Dusty get a name like that? You know him? Sweetness, how would I know someone like that? I don't know, it just sounded like you recognized the name. Sweetness, he may not even exist. I think I think our friend Dusty is trying to play your hero. You know, I am not just some gullible little girl. I think I know when I'm being conned. I know, I know, I know. No, you don't. For the first time in days I finally feel something close to safe and you have to go and ruin it by acting suspicious. I'm not trying to ruin anything. I'm just trying to say, " don't put your faith in what Dusty says, just because he says he's trying to get on the track of somebody who is real. He has a tattoo on his wrist. Just like the guy who was trying to kidnap me on the way to the airport. Craig The child has been through a taxing ordeal. Is this your way of welcoming her back to us? By haranguing her? No, she's just Dusty says he's hot on the trail of the " real " kidnappers. And I'm just saying we shouldn't put much stock in what Dusty has to say. Your father's right. Yeah, yeah, why don't we just gang up on the guy who saved my life? We're not ganging up. You know, I don't want to hear about it. Lullaby Let her go. She's going to need a little time to get over this. How does a guy like Dusty continue to get people to trust him? You always manage to. You know, instead of what he has to say? He has a very interesting theory about who could be involved in Lucy's kidnapping. Oh, no, no. I won't indict anybody without, you know, absolute proof. Never stopped you before. I don't think this is a good idea. You have to tell her. Please? I'm saying that if we're gon na keep Lucy safe, we have to keep an open mind as to who the real kidnapper might be. I agree. Do you have any ideas, Craig? Of course, but nothing concrete. Even a theory is better than nothing. I need to reassure Sierra that this nightmare is going to end. I haven't shared my suspicions with the police because they are just suspicions so far. Well, I'll take whatever I can get. Sierra's wound pretty tight right now and she's not going to relax until she knows who these kidnappers are Craig is right. We should just put our theories aside and let the police come up with some suspects. Absolutely. But I'll call Sierra and let her know everything we're doing to keep Lucy safe. No need. I will call her. He's Sierra's husband. He's the stepfather. You can't cut him out of the loop all the time. And you, darling what are you up too? One minute you want Craig to spill his theory and the next minute you're nipping everything in the bud? Craig believes that someone in the family might be involved in Lucy's kidnapping. Oh, Alan That's ridiculous. I'm not going to think about it any more. I'll see you at home. Okay. It's not your home, dear. You bum. And how can you continue to give him credibility? He's making sense. Whoever took Lucy knew her schedule., naturally, it has to be the new stepfather. It has to be the man who is making Sierra happy. Finally Happier than Craig ever could How long how long did Sierra know this man before she married him? I don't know. I think it was a whirlwind romance. Did you meet him? Did I meet him? Did Lucy meet him? Sierra is no fool. She's human. Mother, she has lost so much the past few years with Bryant, and her marriage, and Lucy leaving. Lonely people make mistakes. Okay. All right. I'll have a background check run on Alan Drake. Thank you. Immediately And if he is the man that is terrifying my granddaughter, I will find out. Oh, but I'm barging ahead. I'm meddling again. I welcome your meddling this time with open arms. Thank you. Agent-Fox Sorry, lieutenant, but 's your idea of a screw up You're right. I did screw up, but I can still find Donovan. Just give me one more chance. Look, forget the fact that I am Nikki's Dad. But cop to cop, Lucy Montgomery confessed that Donovan is trusting Nikki. Now, he trusts her and we can't squander that. He'll be suspicious of any other agent. At least let her try to re-establish contact with him. Agent-fox What about Molly McKinnon? She's Dusty's partner. Agent-Fox And now she's missing. Yeah but I don't think that has anything to do with Donovan. I think that has to do with Starziak. I agree. And I've got men working on it. We're going after Starziak from every angle. Agent-Fox I'll give you 12 hours to bring Donovan in. You think I can find Donovan in 12 hours? I think you can do anything, to come bursting through the station house doors. So, if I were you, honey, I'd get on the stick. Oh, Tom, hi. Hi. I'm meeting a judge here. I'm meeting Jessica here for lunch. I know, she and I were hammering out a plea agreement. Oh, she wanted me to tell you she's going to be a little late. Mr. Hughes, your guest called. He'll be here in a few minutes. Thanks, um Jill. Jill. Just ask your wife. She never forgets my name. Is that the one that Casey and Curtis think is so hot? No, no. Oh, no, I hope not. They're not her speed, no. Listen, after you meet the judge, you want to join me for an iced tea or something. You know, my afternoon is kinda booked. here. No, no, it's fine. Go ahead go ahead and push. I mean, believe it or not, I want this all to work out and I am trying. Thank you. No, thank Jessica. Why? She gave me a little advice. Thinks it's time for me to let go and I think she's right. Jess, are you feeling all right? Yeah, I well, I don't know. I called your office a little while ago because I was feeling pains. Like, twinges. Right over here. Don't tell me its twins. More like a little internal stretching. Even in the first week, things begin to move around. First week? Yeah, you still have another 39 to go. Wait, that must be a mistake. I thought those tests couldn't pick anything up, a blood test can pick up a pregnancy in 48 hours. (Jessica-sighs) Coming up on " As the World Turns " No, no, no, I've got it. It's all right. Ow Hello. Hello. Get inside the house and do wheat the security team tells you to do. I wish I could see you. Who do you wish you could see, sweetness? Good, you got us a table. Sorry What's wrong? I'd just gotten a little light-headed. Have you eaten today? Some yogurt and a muffin maybe. No, no, no, not nearly enough. You have a major building project going on inside. You can't eat like a ballet dancer. I'm fine, really. I am. I have to get to the Country Club. No, no, you're not going right? Yes, your blood work came back normal, but, you know, Ben's right. You should go home and get some rest. I I will. I promise. But I don't I'm meeting a friend at the Country Club and I promise, when I get there, I'll eat tons and tons of food. Jessica, I need to see you in my office first thing next week, okay? I'll be there. Let me take you home. I'm sure Margo will understand. No I mean I don't want to let her down. I told her I'd meet her there. Then, let me get you some fruit to eat before you go. I mean this, Jess. You're carrying our baby. You have to take care of yourself. Okay? Oh, God. Don't let this be true. dwelling on the pain or let it go. You look surprised. Did you really think I wouldn't try to get by what happened? No, it's just that I wouldn't blame you if you didn't want to. Margo I know that you're having trouble with all of this, trying to come to terms with everything, and you're struggling so hard to You need to let me finish. Doc Reese kissed you and you kissed him back. And every time I think how much that hurts and how angry it makes me, I also have to think that you've already done the most important thing and that is tell me the truth. So, the next move is mine. And what's that? First, I get rid of this compact that I found in Doc's car because every time I look at it I just get anxious all over again, so I'm gon na make a major symbolic gesture there's my judge. I will see you tonight. Honey, I'm not working late tonight, so maybe you and I will throw some shrimp on the barbie and have a little white wine. Yeah. Maybe we can. Out. In. You need me. Why? We have to be on the same page because we have protect Lucy. Lucy is being protected. Even as we speak, the grounds are being patrolled by the best security firm that money can buy. And she has been taken care of very nicely, thank you, without your help. I am talking about the kind of protection that only a united family can give. We need to share information. We have to find out what Lucy knows. All right? She used to tell me everything, but thanks to your constant sniping there has been an effect. You're blaming me now for the fact that your daughter doesn't trust you, darling? Or why don't you look at your shadow and you'll find out what's what and who's responsible around here. Please forget for a moment your overwhelming personal issues and let us think about Lucy. I am thinking about Lucy because I love her. And I am going to find out whoever it is that has been terrifying her, and when I do, he better watch out. And lucky you be glad it's not you I'm looking at, hmm? Pick up. Please pick up. Yeah? Dusty, is that you? How are things back at the castle? Well-guarded. There's about 50 private security cops skulking around outside. Good thing your grandma doesn't mess around. What about you? Are you okay? Do you have money? Do you have food? I'm doing fine. I got ta go, so stay inside the house and do what the I could see you. Who do you wish you could see, sweetness? Who were you talking to? (Lucy-clears-her-throat) Someone from school. Was it Dusty? You know what? My phone call, my business. You are all I have left in the world. And believe me, I will do everything I can to keep you safe. I'm fine. And as far as keeping me safe we can all thank Dusty for that. How's it going? Any luck finding Donovan? No. But we do know he's been trying to make contact with Donald Creel. Oh, so you're trying to track down Creel, hoping he'll lead you to Donovan? Good. Well, the one thing that I know about this guy is he's got a prominent tattoo on his wrist. I have called every single tattoo parlor in the state. Half of them are out of business. Hey, heard what Agent Fox said. He's giving me 12 hours to track him down. You know, I could spare a couple of uniforms. I could send them out with descriptions of Donovan and Creel. Thanks, Dad. Lieutenant. You're welcome, Agent Munson. And by the way, despite what your boss says, you are doing a good job. In fact, if I were writing your report, I'd say you have real potential. (Cell-phone-rings) Agent Munson. Just you or is someone listening? The line's safe. It's not tapped. Where are you? I'm on Don Creel's trail. I didn't forget about our deal. No, neither have I. If you want this to happen, I'm gon na need some help. All right. I think Craig Montgomery's looking to play hero for his daughter Lucy, so can you keep a lid on him so he I'll call you when I know something. Oh Great. Sorry. Let me help you pick these up. No, no, no, I've got it. It's all right. Ow. Do you want to watch what you're doing there, huh? Hello. Hi, hello. You going to I hope you forgive me. I'm such a klutz. I'm always running into people. It's all right. It's not your fault. No - Doc Reese. You made it. Yes, I have. Shall we find a seat? Well, I actually don't think we're gon na be here that long. Oh, well, well, well. We're not in any big hurry, are we? We can take all the time we need. Well, that right there is good to hear. But we're not gon na need much to have a drink with me, that's fine. But sip it slow, sister. Because when you're finished with that drink, I'm finished with you. But I thought Oh, I know what you thought. You're not going up to my room not now, not ever. Jess wait. Are you feeling better? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just running a little late. All right, well, I've scheduled your first appointment for the beginning of next week. Okay, great. I'll be there. Are we gon na do, like, a sonogram or something? Now, it's still a little early for that. We usually don't do that until the end of the first month. Is everything all right? Yeah, sure. You're not still worried about those twinges, are you . If you say so. Okay. Then I want to see you smiling again, like the first time I told you you were pregnant. I'm sorry. I'm thrilled, really. It's just I don't want you know, I don't want anyone to know right now. You have to promise me that you won't tell anyone. Of course I won't. Everything between us is confidential. Well, I just I just want to keep it quiet for awhile. You know you know, the first trimester and everything can be a little tricky. Well, yes, I mean, it can be, but there's every indication that you're just fine. So stop worrying about every little thing. Are you sure you shouldn't go home and rest? I will. I will, right after lunch. Thank you. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello? 'm running late. You didn't happen to see Tom, did you? Yes, I did, and thank you so much. For what? Whatever you said to him about moving on, it seems it just it did him a world of good. He even threw away that compact because of you. Did you see it? It's funny you should ask because I was just about to go over and pull it out of the trash when you called. I'm still toying with the idea. Don't do that Relax, Jessica. I'm not gon na do anything with it. I just wanted to know who the woman was with Doc last night. I can't help that. I'm a detective. What you are is obsessed. Look, just leave the compact alone, get us a table, order me a lobster salad and I'll be right there. Excuse me. I need another order . A lobster salad. Excuse me. I'm sorry, but you know, I think that I have misplaced my compact and I was over at the bar ordering a drink earlier. I think I left it on the bar. The thing is, I think they already cleaned up and it might already be in the trash. I'm sorry. Do you think you could look for me? Of course. Thanks. Come on, Creel, where are you? It's Craig Montgomery. Call me. We have a problem. Good news, Mr. Montgomery. You caught Dusty Donovan? No. Embarrassing the way he keeps giving you the slip. Actually, I think I'm close to bringing both cases to a conclusion the money laundering scheme Dusty's involved in and the attempt to kidnap your daughter. They're connected? There are a few degrees of separation. But Lucy will be safe soon. . Where is he? I can't give you the details. I think I have a right to know if he tried to snatch my daughter. Look, the best way for you to help her is for you to stay out of the way. And we will bring him in for questioning. And when we do, I promise, we will find out who paid him to kidnap Lucy. She was a she was an angel, Mike. She was like a vision. Who'd ever have thought I'd meet the girl of my dreams in the Oakdale Police Station, huh? Talk to the mayor. Maybe he'll build a shrine. I see how you laugh, but I'm telling you, there was something magical about this meeting, okay? I mean, one minute we were knocking heads, and then the next she was just gone, as if I'd conjured her up out of my own imagination. Mike, man. Oh. This is kismet. I mean, I I can't feel my toes, Mike. I think I'm going into shock here. Lunch, lunch. We're here for lunch. What? What? Hey, wait a second. How can you think about food at a time like this? Have you no soul, man? No poetry? " She walks in beauty like the night " Mike stop, stop, stop. Stop it I'm just joking. Okay, all right. No poetry. All right, here's okay, okay. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to go over there and I want you to tell her that your best friend Who? Is in love. Okay, she's gon na remember me from the police station. She will. We locked eyes. There was there was there was heat. You got ta help me out here. All right, all right, all right. No more poetry then. Okay. All right, bless you, bless you. Bless you, Mike. Stop looking like a puppy up for adoption. Coleman. Henry Coleman. Enchant. Excuse me. Mike Kasnoff That's just great. Creel, where you been? All I want to do is talk. Now I have to get to Creel before Dusty does. But I thought that we had a deal. No. We didn't have a deal. You had a deal with Margo Hughes, not me. But Listen, let me tell you something, dollface. You're attractive, provocative. And, hell, for all I know, you might be a whole lot of fun. And those qualities would've earned you five stars in my little black book. But blackmail? No, that's Oh, save the spin. I've played in the NFL, remember? I've handled groupies, crazed fans, you name it. I'm not about to get caught up in your madness. I thought you cared about Mrs. Hughes. (Doc-laughs) That's what you thought? Hey, our relationship wasn't that deep. So, if you ruin her marriage by implying that it was, that's on you, not me. All I want I know what you want. And if you were a straight-shooter, you might've gotten it. But now? No. I'm not about to star in this crazy drama. Listen don't try this again. Baby, you don't need to. You were right. It got thrown out. But doesn't look like there's any harm done. Oh, okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. No, thank you. " Spun honey bronze . Sorry You were the woman with Doc last night. Tomorrow on " As the World Turns " Hey, listen, if we're lucky, we'll find Molly. If we're luckier, we'll find her alive. So you were the woman that Tom saw with Doc last night. And you didn't want anyone to know, especially me. Something happen to Cabot while I was gone? No, nothing happened. Don't bother lying, Rosanna. Just tell me. What happened to Cabot? 
All right, well you'll let me know the second anything changes? Thanks. What's going on? Apparently, my father has vanished into thin air. Whoa, did you get any sleep last night? I couldn't. I was too worried. Look, I promised you I'd help you find your father. And I meant what I said. Where do we start? Dusty thinks Dominic Ramsey's involved. Yeah, but he's handling Dominic, right? Yeah, I can only imagine how. Look, guys like Dominic are tough. They only respond to one thing power. Dominic isn't tough, he's an opportunist. My family's been dealing with people like him forever. Power isn't just in your fists. It's in your wallet, too. Okay, I'm lost. I'm gon na make Dominic an offer in a language that he'll understand. Thank you for meeting me. I . I'd like to get started sooner rather than later. Look, if you're worried that Dominic Ramsey's gon na try to pull something, I can assure you I'm not worried, Tom. I got my eyes wide open. Looks like the eyes are in back of your head today. Did you know that Lucy's father is missing? I've heard some speculation No, it's not speculation. Dominic Ramsey's behind it. You got any proof? No, but I will. I push, he pushes back. It's easy. So what exactly does that mean? Dominic's first order of business was Craig. Now that he's out of the way, who do you think's next? Brother-Francis The temperature took quite a fall last night. Like you. Luckily, I managed to land in a bed of pine needles. Brother-Francis Luckily, you didn't freeze to death yourself in pine needles was remarkably resourceful. Well, there must be thousands of pine trees around. How far do they go? Brother-Francis The monastery is built on enough land to ensure total isolation. What a comfort. Brother-Francis And you'll notice that we've made some improvements to your room. For your protection. Huh? No. No, no You can't keep me locked up in here, Francis, I'll go crazy Brother-Francis I assure you, you are as free as you want to be. No, no, no you got ta stop with the doubletalk and tell me who is doing this to me Brother-Francis I thought that was obvious by now. You're doing this to yourself. Hey, hey, hey I felt that Was it a sharp or dull I don't know, I don't know. I felt it, I felt it.  And here? Yeah, yeah, I feel that, too. Okay, good. Let's get you on your feet. See if you can support your weight. Ready? Got ta stand up now. See, I knew that you could do it I just knew it. Okay. Well, while you're standing, I want to try a couple more tests, all right? I don't know, doc. I might just go for a jog. Maybe later. Do what the doctor says, smarty pants. I'm gon na go tell Dr. Hughes. He'll want to know what's going on. Oh, Dr. Hughes There you are Alison. Aaron's just got some feeling back in his leg Well, that's very good news. Well, that means he's getting better, right? I mean his leg gets better, and then his arm, right? Well, it's good that he's making progress like that. But we have to wait and see. Wait and see what? Well, that fact that he's progressing that's very encouraging. But it doesn't indicate necessarily that it's a complete recovery. He may continue to improve Or what? Or he may not get any better than he is right now. Then tell me this why the hell am I bothering? (Knock-at-door) Jack? Hi. Hi. I was on my way over to the hospital, and I thought that I would You know, Jack's not here. No, that's okay I stopped by to see you. I wanted to see how things went in Montana. You want to come in? So, how did it go? Well, I guess it kinda depends on your huge success. Are you saying that Jack remembered? Mm-hmm. It all came flooding back Carly, Parker, Sage. I guess he's his old self again, but I don't know who that is. It's great for Jack, but I liked the new Jack. I liked my Jack, the Jack who came home at night. Jack you still remember, don't you? Come on, Aaron, doctors have to be pessimistic. It's, like, part of that oath they take. " I solemnly swear not to give my patients too much good news. " Face it Ali, this might be as good as it gets. Well, for my money, this is pretty good. You stood up Yeah, with help What up? Hey, Curtis Guess what? Aaron's just got some feeling back in his leg. And he stood up. Yeah, me He's just being a sourpuss. This is a very big deal. Yeah, why are you being a Grinch? Why ?' Cause this might be as good as it gets, that's why. No way. No, that's just one doctor's opinion. You know, if your father did both operations, I probably wouldn't be in this mess. Speaking of my dad, has he been here today? No, Dr. Ramirez said that he was on vacation. That's news to me. My old man never takes a break. I'm glad that you came by, Curtis. Will you stay with Aaron a minute? No problem. I'm not a baby, Ali. But you whine like one. I'm gon na go find Dr. Ramirez. Let's see what a second opinion says. I can't do that with an ongoing internal investigation. And 's liability we'll talk later. Uh, Dr. Ramirez, can I talk to you a minute? I'm sorry, Alison, I'm late for a consultation. But feel free to ask Dr. Hughes any questions about Aaron's case. Okay, that was weird. Well, he's a very busy man. Especially since he's seeing all of Dr. Harris's patients, too. What are you getting at, Alison? You just talking about an internal investigation? Did that have anything to do with Aaron? Well, a good hospital is always monitoring itself. It's routine. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have patients to see. He said he was going to see his kids that he would he'd be back last night. He's never broken a promise before. But, I guess, he's a new Jack He keeps his word said that he said he remembered seeing Carly and being with her before. But that it didn't matter because his heart belonged to me. He chose me, Holden I'm not saying that what he felt for you wasn't real, but he chose you when he didn't remember his past. He had a whole life here before you. You had to know that there was some risk that all that might come back to him. I know, but we love each other so much. I guess I just thought that that love was strong enough to overcome anything. I sound really dumb, don't I? No, you don't. You sound like a woman in love. My first husband, Les? He said everything with his fists. So, I didn't know that love could feel like until I met Jack, and yeah, I knew that there was a possibility that he had this other family that he might because of it. But, you know, when a miracle like Jack shows up on your doorstep, you just thank God. And when someone tries to take that miracle away, you fight for it with everything you've got. Anything I can do? No. Go see your son. I don't want to leave you like this. No, I'm fine. Where's J.J.? He's downstairs having breakfast with Lisa. I've got to clean myself up. I don't want him to come home and find me in a puddle. Okay. If you need anything, you can call. And, remember, you have friends here now. Don't forget that, okay? All right. Lying here in your arms like this I think it's what I missed the most. It's so quiet. How many times did Parker ask me to read that chapter of " James and the Giant But he was out before the spider made his final appearance. Remember the trouble we used to go through to get Sage and Parker down at the same time? It's no small feat. By the time I got them settled in and came down, you were out like a light. Hmm. The kids how come they're so quiet? They're not here. I thought we could use some time alone, so they tip-toed out of here so very early to make candy apples with Emma. They're probably very good and sticky by now. I like the sound of that. Come here. This is very sexy, by the way. Did you wear it for me? Well, I certainly didn't wear it for Emma. Oh, my. What is it? What's the matter? Julia I told her I'd come home last night Well, Jack, you were a little too exhausted don't understand. I gave her my word. I've never lied to Julia. You didn't lie to her. You just fell asleep on your couch in your home with your children sleeping upstairs. I got ta go, Carly. You can't be serious, Jack. I'm sorry. I I know that we were After everything I went through to get you back where you belong, you are not going anywhere It's not like I want to leave, Carly. You got ta know that. Then don't. I made a promise Yeah, that's right, you did. To me. A long time ago. And the day you left this house and disappeared, we were as much in love as we'd ever been, Jack. Do you know what we were talking about? Having another child. We were down by the pond at Emma's. We wanted to make my chance for that to happen went with you. If it had been the other way around, if you where the one who was hurt, and you forgot everything and married somebody else I would have lost my mind. There were times I certainly thought I'd lost mine. I kept thinking about our day at the pond, and how much we loved each other. And I wanted you so bad, I ached all over. And I had to hold on to this thought that as much as I loved you, as much as I wanted you, you would feel that, and somehow that would bring you home to me. I can't bear the thought of you walking out that door right now, Jack. Not before we've had a chance to I need you. I need to make love to you, Jack. I need you, too Stay. (Doorbell-rings) Don't. Don't answer it. Jack? Carly We can't leave him out there. We got ta let him in. Holden Hey You remember me? Given, Craig can be a jerk, but he is Margo's brother. She's launched a full-scale investigation. Ramsey's clean on this. Just because his hands aren't dirty, doesn't mean he didn't do it. It's so obvious. He's knocking off people before they have a chance to testify against him. Well, like I said, you get some evidence that Ramsey got to Craig and I'll have his bail revoked on racketeering charges, and I'll add murder to the list. Francis? Brother-Francis Sustenance. Did that actually see a tea bag? Brother-Francis Appreciating simplicity is the first step in freeing the soul. You're right. You know, brother? And I have had an epiphany. Brother-Francis In the time it takes to boil an egg? Yeah, well I now know that you are right. And that I'm my own master. And somehow, I willed myself to be forcibly abducted, and brought to this bastion of calm so I could uh Brother-Francis Yes? Go on. So that I could reflect upon my my sins, my unworthiness, and ponder what I have done with my miserable life. Brother-Francis I see Yes. And I know that the minute I leave this wonderful circle of brotherhood, that I am going to dedicate myself to helping my fellow man and woman. I am going to ladle swill in soup kitchens, I'm gon na tend the sick. I'm gon na save the whales, you name it. Craig has seen the light. But, I must leave now, so that I may begin my work, and be all the Craig that you have encouraged me to be. Brother-Francis I see. You'll leave here when it's decided you've truly changed., I've changed Change what, damn it? Francis Who is doing this to me? You don't want to mess with a guy like Dominic, okay? It's too late. He's already on his way over. It's not too late. Have your maid explain you're not here, that you've been called away or something. I don't know. He took my father. You don't know that. Well, who else could it be? He threatened Dusty and he threatened my father. They were the only ones who could testify that he forced you to hit Aaron with a loaded glove. Doorbell rings Okay, that's him. Just go. I want to talk to him alone. No. There's no way I'm leaving you alone with that guy. No. A Mr. Ramsey here to see you, miss. Thank you. Some classy joint He's my friend. Yeah, it seems like you got a lot of those, huh? Let's just get to the point, okay? Sure. Time is money. Shoot. I want my father back. You know, I heard your old man was M.I.A. What's that got to do with me? Name your price. Excuse me? I said tell me how much and I will pay it. You know, if your old man didn't go stickin' his nose where it didn't belong, I'd be on easy street right now, you realize that? Just tell her now much, okay? There's not enough money in the world. Coming up on " As the World Turns " Where's my father? One down, three to go. You want me to steal an incident report? No, not steal. Borrow. coming by. I interrupted. Sorry, I'll come back another time. That's a good idea. Thank you. No, are you kidding? I look at you and a million memories come flooding back. Carly and I were just talking about how difficult it was having me here, but not here. I'm a little chilly. I'll be right back. Sorry. I've just been I've not been the same for a couple of Hey, forget about it. The new Jack, he was a good guy. We were kind of getting to be friends. I've missed you. I got my memory back, and with it, this big feeling about how much I've missed everybody, the whole family. How's Aaron? He's improving. In fact, I was on my way to see him when I heard about you, and I had to come over here and see if it about me? Julia. How is she? Is she okay? I got the impression she was expecting you back last night. Yeah, I know. I messed up, I fell asleep on the couch. I was about to see her when you knocked. There's something you should know. I helped her get to Montana to try and find you. I figured it was the right thing to do. She's a good person, she's kind, she's decent, and up until yesterday, you were still in love with her. I don't want to make it any more trouble than it already is here for you, but she had a pretty rough night last night. And the fact that you didn't come back is telling her that you already made a decision. Can I get you anything, Holden? No, Carly, thanks. I need to get going. I've got to head over to the hospital . Come on. Could I talk to you first, please, Jack? Uh, I'll catch up with you later. Tell Aaron I'll stop by the hospital, okay? Well, how long will you be gone? I I don't know. Holden said he ran into Julia. Apparently she's upset. I'm not surprised. I certainly understand how she's feeling. Know this I love you. Dad. Hey, buddy. This is a surprise. What's up? I was over at Memorial visiting Aaron and they said you were on vacation. What's up with that? You've been leaving the house like you're going to work. I've been suspended. What? Why? Look, it's not as bad as it sounds. It's actually pretty standard when concerns are raised about the outcome of a procedure. This is about Aaron's surgery The hospital is conducting a routine investigation, that's all. Once it's over, I will be cleared, I will be fully reinstated. It's going to be over. What if it's not? I have been over every step of Aaron's surgery, and I didn't do anything wrong. Then it's not just Aaron, is it? You're worried about that drug test you took, aren't you? That's why you told me it's so important that nobody find out you faked it. If it were to get out, it might lead people to believe Do you hear yourself? You've always told me be up front, no matter what the consequences, and now, you're digging a hole that's just gon na get deeper and deeper. I mean, I never would have helped you out if I knew you were covering up something important. So what's the real story? I mean, you when you operated on Aaron? Chris, over here. Where's the fire? You have to help me. Yeah, I got that from your message. What's wrong? It's Aaron I think that something might have happened to him in the operating room. Why? Because he had to have a second operation after he didn't wake up from the first one. And then Dr. Harris suddenly takes a vacation in the middle of a case. Curtis says that he never does that. Alison, that doesn't mean I just heard your dad talking about an internal investigation. Okay, well, those go on all the time. No, but you're not listening to me. Something's not right, and it's not going to help Aaron any if we don't find out what it is. Okay, look, Alison, I'm not sure what you're asking me to that if anything goes wrong in surgery, that nurses file incident reports. Yes, which are highly confidential? But you're a doctor. You have access. You want me to steal an incident report? No, not steal. Borrow. Alison, my father's the chief of staff. You owe me this, Chris, okay? You were there at that fight when Aaron got hurt. If he's not going to get better, don't you think he has a right to know why? I'm sorry about last night. I got caught up. It's not like me to do something like that. Well, we talked about this back in St. Genevieve. We talked about the possibility of you remembering a wife and kids. I went into this with my eyes open. Yes, you did. Because I talked you into giving me a shot. I never I never dreamed how much I putting you in such an impossible situation. You have some big decisions to make. When you didn't come home last night, I figured you'd made them. No. Listen, I didn't mean to stay away. You got ta know that. Carly and I I slept on the couch. I'm not going to lie to you about how I feel about Carly. We were very much in love when I disappeared, but remembering her doesn't mean I've forgotten us. But the real question is, Jack, you know whose bed are you going to sleep in tonight? I'll probably stay out at Emma's for the time being. Hide away on the farm, hmm? That's your answer? No, it seems like the right thing. I don't know what to say. You know what you should say, Jack? Say you meant what you said when you said you would never leave me said when you said that you would always be with us No, I meant it. You know I meant that I just didn't understand that there was this, this whole world I was missing, Julia. I'll never turn my back on you and J.J ., no matter what happens. How long how long is it going to take you to make your big decision, because you know, I do have a little boy to think about. Listen, I promise that it won't take long. J.J. will be here soon. Maybe you should be gone before he gets back. I'll pick up my stuff when he's at school. Are you going to be okay? Well, I have to, don't I? For J.J. Tonight. Don't disappoint me. All right. Sorry, about that, it was important. A disposal issue. If you're trying to intimidate me, if you brought me down here to rub my nose in how the other half lives, that's not gon na work, either. Well, then, so what do you want? Not your money, that's for sure. Then what's it about? Revenge? I'm just yankin' your chain, kid. Frankly, you get on my nerves. I don't have your old man. I don't believe you. Look, I think he's telling the truth. Dusty can testify against you. Yeah, tell me somethin' I don't know. Well, so can Rafael and so can I. Between the three of us, we could put you away for a long time. Yeah, what do you think you're smart, kid? Huh? What are you telling me, that between you, Dusty and loser boy here that you're a force to be reckoned with? father? One down. Three to go. You should have seen him, Holden. Aaron was standing up and everything. It's not a big deal. He just keeps saying that, but you're going to show him as soon as you get back from physical therapy, right? Oh, yeah, right. And you guys can sell tickets and just form a line outside, everybody can watch me make a fool of myself. I wish that you could have seen him when he realized that he had feeling in his leg. He hasn't smiled like that since this all started. And then he heard Bob say that he might not get any better? Yeah, but Bob didn't realize that Aaron could hear him. But still, it's like the doctors don't want us to hope. Aaron needs to be encouraged. We don't need anybody telling us to expect the worst. I'm going to go again. Hi, Carly. If you're here to see Aaron, he already went down to physical therapy. No, no, that's okay. I'm here to see you. What's wrong, Mom? Hi. How was breakfast? Did you talk to Dad? Is he coming home? He's actually going to stay out at his Aunt Emma's farm for a little while. Why? Well, because when Jack got his memory back, he had a lot of catching up to do. He has a really big family. We're his family. We have to be happy for Jack, honey ,' cause you know, Jack's happy. Jack's not coming back, is he? He just needs some time to think things through. But the one thing that you can be sure of is that Jack loves you so much. That hasn't changed. He loves you get your backpack, okay? Don't forget your books. You don't want to be late for the first bell. Oh, Jack, I could tell by the look in your eye you remembered me. Oh, that's wonderful. I know Julia must be just oh, I'm sorry. Julia must be devastated. It's tricky. To say the least. What in the world are you going to do? I'm going to try to make a decision that's best for everybody. Hey, I hear Jack. It's not like I stopped caring about Julia, but you add J.J. to the mix and it makes it that much harder. Jack's not coming back because of me. So, I happened to overhear you talking to Jack earlier Yeah, about that. Look, I'm sorry if it seemed Listen, Holden, it's obvious that you're fond of Jack Wait a minute. Do you think that I'm trying to influence Jack? He listens to you, he trusts you. And every time you bring him little messages from Julia, every time you take her side over mine Now wait a minute here. I'm not taking any sides. You ought to be. You ought to be on my side, because I'm his wife. And I was his wife long before that woman ever laid eyes on him. If you find that so impossible to remember, if you find it so difficult to stand with me on this, then at the very least, don't stand against me. You didn't get this from me. The incident report. I wasn't doing drugs when I operated on Aaron. Then why'd you need me to give you the sample? Because back then, I had been taking prescription pain medication. Any residual traces of a from being reinstated. So yeah, I asked you to help me out. And what I did was wrong. Are you responsible for Aaron being paralyzed? To the very best of my knowledge, no. What are you going to do? I don't want you to worry about this. It's going to be fine, okay? You didn't answer my question. What are you going to do? Curtis, I'm late for a meeting downtown. I'm sorry, we will talk about this later. Hello, Jessica? Yeah, I need to see you. Yeah, right away. What do you want, Donovan? Am I next? Next for what? I'm talking about what - you did to Montgomery. Why are we playing games? Hey, you don't speak to your girlfriend anymore? She didn't tell you I wouldn't take the bait? What bait? at your girlfriend's invite. What did she want? A real man, I suspect. She wanted to throw money at me a lot of money to get me to tell her where her old man was. And when I turned her down, she got nasty. If you go near her, I'm tellin' you What are you going to do, hmm? I am sick of this little princess stickin' her nose in my business. You kidnapped her father, Dom. You know what's gon na happen if she doesn't stay the hell off my back? Her father's gon na be the least of her problems. Tell her to back off, Donovan, or you're both gon na be sorry. What have I done? Hey, don't pay attention to what Dominic says, all right? You heard what he said. " One down, three to go " it sounded don't listen to him. He's only trying to mess with your head, Lucy. He was telling the truth when he said he didn't have your father. Well, if Dominic doesn't have him, who does? All right, it's not Dominic Ramsey, or else little Caesar and his boys would probably be at the bottom of Lake Michigan by now. No, no, no, no. No, it's somebody else. Somebody with a score to settle. And a sick sense of humor. That leaves just about everybody I know. No Who's doing this to me? J.J.? Did you forget to put your school books in your J.J.? On the next " As the World Turns " Can I get you another cup? You're right. I was abusing pain pills. There's no sign of him. What are we going to do if we can't 
Hey, Curtis. It's Dad. You said meet you at the Lakeview. It sounded important. And I'm here. Where are you? Ben? I'm the pinch hitter. You're what? For Curtis. He called me. Why would he do that? Something about you needing my help. Well, you've been misinformed. Ben, if you need a lawyer I'll call one I'm not divorcing. Okay. Let's stipulate to some points on which we can agree, okay? One I'm the worst wife you've ever had. Two I'm the best lawyer you know. And three you love being a doctor more than you hate me. Obviously I underestimated how much you hate me. Jessica you might not be so eager to volunteer after you hear what I've done. " Dr. Harris appeared nervous, perspiring. Dr. Harris was moving slowly, almost as if he were second-guessing 's surgery? Yeah. John Dixon asked the surgical staff to write them up. Then he must have thought that Dr. Harris did something wrong. And that's the reason Look, I don't know, Alison, okay? These are strictly observations, okay? Aaron's paralysis it could be due to a number of reasons. Yeah, but if its Dr. Harris' fault, then I've got to do something about it. Alison, if anybody finds out that I gave this to you I will keep you completely out of it. I know that you took a big chance getting these for me. Well, I want something back for it. What? Forgiveness. After everything I put you through, maybe this will help balance things out between us. I'll work on it. ( " Brahms' -lullaby " -plays ) Sorry. Every time I bump something that turtle goes, though. Rosanna? Cabot and I used to sit on the floor and play with this ball. And is that everything? Yep. You checked in the attic as well? The attic, the playroom, the basement, the pantry. Great. Thank you so much for doing this for me, Will. I just couldn't It's cool. Would you mind checking everywhere one more time? I just really want all of Cabot's things out of here. No problem. Running across them one at a time, it's just too much. Yeah. There's a toy store in the foyer. What's going on here? Nothing. I'm just donating some of Cabot's things to the Christmas drive at Emma's church. Okay? What brought that on? (Rosanna-remembering) ( Doll-saying- " Mama " ) It was time. Is this what you were thinking about last night aren't you an observant husband? Thank you. Aren't you an evading wife? Rosanna, hey. Even if you get rid of all of Cabot's things, this place is still gon na remind you of him and how he died. Paul I just I'm starting to wonder if moving back in here is such a good idea. Emily, have you seen my magazine? What? You know, I I hate to say this, but you look awful. I feel worse. I'm so tired. I don't know what's wrong with me. It's probably a cold. Probably. I think you should go upstairs and rest. You know, I think I'm gon na go upstairs and rest. Emily sighs I have to go to the grocery store. I forgot, there's no food at my house. Don't you want to feel better? I could . I don't You like my tea. It'll make you feel better. I like your tea. It'll make me feel better. Thanks. You are very, very welcome. Oh, look right where I left it. Did you find out anything? Has anyone seen J.J.? No, darling. But now, I have the security guards they're checking every inch of the hotel. We've looked into the well, we've looked into the arcade, you know, for the video. We've looked into, you know, where the pool is He was right here when I went to the bedroom. He was right here. I was only gone for a minute. Where could he be? I'll call the school. Maybe he went to the what's the number to the school? Oh, God. Still haven't fixed the doorbell. Jack? you another one. I thought you were going over Julia's. I did. Now I'm headed out to Emma's I thought I'd stay there while while I sort all this out. How did Julia take that? That you'll be staying at Emma's? She was always afraid that I'd wake up and I'd remember everything. And she'd wind up losing me. I tried to convince her that that wouldn't happen. And now Now you're here. Yeah I don't know, I just thought I'd swing by and check on The kids? Carly I miss you too, g-man Please, please tell me that you're ready to come home to me. Hey. Where's Emily? Oh, she's resting. Oh. Yeah, she's really been draggin' these past couple of days. Hal, honey? Hey, 've been so tired. Oh, my goodness. I'm fine. Yeah? Are you home for lunch? I hope you're craving PBJ ,' cause that's all we got in the fridge. Well, actually no, honey. I'm kind of worried about you. Margo said she called and left a message for you earlier, and you haven't called her back. She called? Yeah. She wanted to tell you that she can't pick up Daniel at school. And when you didn't call her back, obviously she got a little alarmed. I didn't get her message, honey. Well? Well? Sweetie, it's right here on the machine. And plus, she said she called and left you a message on your cell. I never heard the phone ring. Maybe you were in the shower. Maybe I was in the shower. Oh. I . Always I look to see if that light's blinking. Always. Right. Okay, all right. It's okay. But honey, you don't look so good. Maybe you should go see a doctor. It's probably just a cold. All right. Well, don't worry about picking up Daniel, I'll do that. Why don't you take it easy today, okay? Yeah? Okay. Oh, um Margo, thank her. I will. All right, I'll see you later. Um rest. Can I get you another cup? Mmm, thank you. Everything is loaded up. Is there anything else I can help you with? Ahh, yes. Perhaps you would like to drive the truck to the church. Are you serious? Awesome. If you think that's awesome, wait' til you start high school .' Cause perhaps, if car. Shut up Oh, okay. No, I mean Forgive me if I'm wrong, but wasn't having a cool car in high school umm It was cool. That's the word I was looking for. I think we've lost him. No, no, I know that expression, he's picking out what color he wants. Will? You know, we still expect you to keep your grades up. Hey, 4.0, 5.5, whatever it takes. Yes, and I'm gon na expect you to work for me when you can. Is that a deal? Yeah It's nice to see you happy. Oh, please I'm not just happy. I'm awesome. Shut up. What are you doing here? I just came to check up on you. When you got knocked out during the fight, Chris was save your life. Thank you. Thank you. Yep. Hey. How's everything going in here? Great. Yeah, it's the first time I've gotten to check up on Aaron since the accident, so well, I've got rounds Chris? You got a minute? Sure. I'd like to talk to you alone. Holden and I will be right outside. What's on your mind? Alison. I've been asking some friends around here about Aaron's surgery. And, well, I found out about this. What is this? It's the reason Aaron had to have two operations. Naturally, I was a little nervous. It was my first surgery back after injuring my hand, but that just made me more cautious. I didn't make any mistakes, Jess. John's got the hospital coming after me for no reason. pretty good reason. No, that procedure was flawless. Okay, you told me how perfect you were in the O.R ., so what is this other thing? What's this thing that you've done that's so awful? The Tox screen. The Tox screen came back negative. What if John finds out why Bob asked for a urinalysis? That I was accused of abusing pain killers? Why would he? Who's gon na tell him? Not me, certainly not Bob. Ben, you did nothing wrong. Okay, I just saw you behaving in a way that I don't know. Okay, maybe maybe I was just feeling guilty because I had destroyed our marriage and I was reading into things. Jess No, let me let me just say this, okay? I think I convinced myself that you were in trouble because I wanted to save you. I wanted to rescue you, to make . Not then and not now. The hospital can't substantiate John's allegations because they are purely conjecture. You didn't do anything wrong. Jessica, look, will you stop? You were not reading into things. You were right. I was abusing pain pills. Parker's at school. Sage is spending some time with Natalie and Lily. So, we're all alone Completely alone. What? Jack sighs What? I remember everything, every moment of our lives together. I do. The problem is, I also (Cell-phone-rings) You know if we're kissing, that's Julia. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello? Jack, is J.J. with you? No. Why would he be? He's not here. We've called the police. Hotel security's looked everywhere We can't find him. He's gone. I mean, he's just gone. I'm on my way. J.J. going with you. You were on drugs while you were operating? No I'd stopped taking the medication several days before. I was experiencing some withdrawal. Look, I tried to get Ramirez to do the surgery, but another head trauma came in. He took one case. I took Aaron's case. I had no choice. No choice? Ben, how could you perform surgery in that condition? Aaron would have died if I didn't. Jess, it was the most difficult thing I've ever done. I knew that I couldn't afford to make a mistake. I knew Aaron's life was in my hands. And I did not botch that surgery. That Tox screen. There was no way you could've passed it. The drugs would have been still been working their way out of your system. So so, what did you do, Ben? I got Curtis to take the test for me. thinking straight, Jess. I felt like I was losing everything. I just wanted to be a surgeon again. And Curtis was okay with this I lied to Curtis. I told him I'd taken some cold medicine and I didn't want to risk there being any traces of the drug in my system that might trigger a false positive. If the hospital discovers there was even the slightest chance that you had drugs in your system while you I'd never practice medicine again. I'm in real trouble, right? Maybe, maybe not. If you and Curtis don't say anything about the drug test, the hospital can't prove anything. So I'll be okay? I don't know, Ben. Will you? You just said I said that the hospital can't make a case as long as you don't tell the truth. Where's the problem? There is none if you you and Ali you guys you guys are okay, now, huh? She's speaking to me, at least. I mean, she cares about you. I mean, you guys were engaged. I mean, seconds away from getting married I mean, feelings like that don't just go away. Yeah, well, they go away pretty quickly when you dump a girl at the altar. Besides, she was always crazier about you than she was about me. You're wrong about that, man. No, I've pretty much got this one nailed, Aaron. You were right. You know, I was trying to make her be something that she's not. What I didn't realize is that Ali's perfect just the way she is. She sure as hell deserves better than me. Take care of her, all right? He was wearing jeans and an olive colored shirt, with a little airplane on What's going on? There's still no sign of him. What are we going to do if we can't find him? What are you doing here? I was with Jack when you called. I'd just like to help I stopped by Milltown listen, that doesn't matter, right now. Hey, we are gon na find him. Don't worry. There's still no sign of him in the hotel. Where could he be? I mean, he knows better than to go outside by himself. Get a picture of him, Julia. A recent picture. Once you've got the picture, get it out to the cruisers. If we don't find him within the next half hour, I'm gon na put out an Amber alert. Sure, Detective Snyder. But I'll have to get this okayed by the chief. Just tell him it's my son we're talking about thinking maybe Will and I can go chop down a Christmas tree. Put it back there where the window is. You know how to use an axe? Axes are for amateurs. I'm gon na use a chainsaw. I'm only asking because I'm very fond of your fingers and toes and other extremities. You sure you know how to use one of those? No, I have no idea. Cell phone rings Oh, I got ta take this. Okay. Street Jeans is expanding its production warehouse. Oh, go to work, you sexy mogul, you. That's me. Bye. (Baby-laughing) Coming up on " As the World Turns " You think I did this? Tossed a ball around and got a tape of a baby laughing? Oh, yeah hey, J.J. J.J. Wait Wait Watch out (Car-tires-screeching) Oh, God, Rosanna, what's wrong? I saw you take this ball to the car. What is it doing here? I don't know. Maybe it fell out of the box or maybe there were two of them. But you took it. What are you doing back here? You can't have gone to the church and be back already. I came back because I forgot my wallet. I didn't expect to be driving, remember? Look, I'll take the ball and I'll go look for anything else I might have forgotten. Sorry. Will, did you hear anything when you came back inside? Like what? Did you hear anything? No. Rosanna, what's going on? Why are you so freaked out? And why are you grilling me about it? So if I don't bring up the drug test, there's no way the hospital can use it against me. There's don't volunteer any information. You're disappointed in me. No, I'm worried about you, Ben. More than any person I know, your sense of right and wrong is who you are. Can you get away with keeping this secret? Probably. Can you live with this lie every day for the rest of your life? I don't know. Maybe I've just come to realize that some secrets are better kept secret. For everyone involved. Maybe I'm just a changed man. Maybe you were perfect the way you were. So, how do you want to play this? I don't know. I don't know. I need to think about it, pray on it. Okay, whatever you decide, I'll be there for you. As your lawyer and as your friend. How did the tests go? Oh, great. Super. I gave myself a big hand. Ha-ha., you've made a lot of progress already. Come on, Alison. I can't use my right arm. I can't use my right leg. Who knows if I'll ever be able to use it again? These things take time. You know, if I hear that one more time, I I was going to say I'm gon na put my fist through the wall, but I guess that joke's on me. Look, a few days ago you were in a coma. And that's all changed now, and this will, too. You're gon na be okay. You just you've got ta be patient and keep your spirits up. You can help me do that. How? Name it, and I'll do it. Help me get out of here. Today. Holden, I got a call you were looking for me. Is Aaron all right? No, why. You're sure? Thanks. All right. They just finished checking security tapes. There's a clear shot of J.J. leaving the building a little over an hour ago. Did somebody take him? No, he got on the elevator alone and left the building alone. Why would he do that, Jack? I've told him a hundred times Julia, this is good news. Now we know what time he left, that he was on foot and what direction he was headed. What can I do? I want you to start gathering up as many pictures and videos of J.J. as you can for the news teams. As soon as the Amber alert's in place, they're gon na need them. I'm gon na update the search team. I'll be in J.J .'s room. Okay. Darling, can I help you? I'll let you know, okay? . That little boy looks up to Jack like he's the moon and the stars Could you not start, Lisa? It's obvious that you've gotten pretty tight with Julia Oh, yes, of course, I have. I like her very much. She happens to love Jack very much. And I don't? Carly, why are you even here? Are you so afraid to let Jack out of your sight for a moment? Look, Julia is going through a terrible time, and here you are intruding like this I would like to help You can. You may leave Do you know what's really interesting to me? No, what? The timing of all of this. Jack got his memory back. He's getting ready to move out of here, and suddenly, this little crisis happens. Listen, are you suggesting for one second that Julia would use her little boy to about that. That's more up your alley. Or yours. We've got news. Where's Julia? Julia What is it? What is it? They spotted him. Where? By the schoolyard. Let's go Come on. Why don't you just stay out of it? Let Jack and Julia go find the little boy and bring him back here Oh, so they can all be a nice little family? Jack already has a nice little family Well, just what do you think is gon na happen to J.J. when he comes home? Julia's gon na take him and she's gon na leave. Why should she stay here? Jack is mine. Yeah. Yeah, what if J.J. doesn't come home? Well, of course he's gon na the kid just ran away. They'll find him. You know why he ran away? He na lose his new dad. And ha-ha, I know Jack. He's gon na blame himself, and then, Carly, he's gon na hate you because he's gon na realize that you're the one who started this whole thing in the first place. Put everything in motion because you have to have Jack all to yourself. Oh, listen, toots. My gosh, you'd better hurry because Jack and Julia have been together for five minutes and they're alone. Listen, Lisa. I honestly pray to God that nothing happens to that child, but Jack is still my husband. And this tug of war is over. And if you're really Julia's friend, you would help her accept that. No, no, no, no, no If you'd like, I could finish your grocery list for you. That way, you can go to upstairs and rest. Okay. In fact, I can handle . Emily? Hal loves my cooking. And you'd do anything for him, wouldn't you? Anything Then ask me to cook for him. Would you please? Yes, of course I will. And you'll tell Hal what a good friend I am to you. Emily? You're a I'm a good friend. That's what you believe. You're a good friend. Smile when you say that. You're a good friend. There we go. And now, one more thing. And this is your favorite idea. Yes? Maybe I should sleep with Hal at night because you're not well. Okay. Well, all righty, then. Why don't you go upstairs and I'll take care of everything down here. Oh, and Emily? Yeah? I've been very kind to you. What do you say? Thank you, sure you tell Hal. Tell Hal you're gon na sleep with him. No, I'll take care of that part. You just tell him how wonderful I've been to you. Okay. This stuff is better than I thought. I was here. I heard it. I heard a laugh. I heard a child's laugh, and then that ball came bouncing in and then you walked in. How could you have not heard anything? I was outside loading the truck. I didn't hear any laughter. You didn't? No. I'm sorry about the ball, though. I know how much that stuff upsets you. I should have been more careful. No, it's all right. Will? Tell me the truth. Are you comfortable here at Fairwinds? Yeah. Why? Because if you're not, I mean, I would understand. It can't be comfortable being around all this coming from? First, you give me the third degree about a toy, and now you ask me if I'm comfortable living here. What's going on? That's what I'm trying to determine. You think I did this? Tossed this ball around and got a tape of a baby laughing? Is that really what you think of me? So, what do you want? I need to get out of here. Okay, I'll go get Holden. You can go home with him. Oh, okay, that's great. Oh, that's perfect. Me and my baby sister, sitting watching cartoons while Lily feeds us both. I'm not going to Holden and Lily's house, okay? Okay, then I guess you can come home with my mom and me Ali, I can take care of myself. I'm going back to my apartment. How did you get was wrong when you took Ben off the case. " Dr. Harris was nervous. Dr. Harris was shaking. " How can you let a guy perform that kind of surgery when his hands are shaky? Holden, the hospital is launching an investigation to see if there's any cause for concern. If there's cause? Aaron went through back-to-back surgeries, and now his entire right side is paralyzed. His condition is getting better, and there's a chance that it is just temporary. Yeah, and what if it isn't? Aaron's lying in that hospital bed, paying for someone else's mistake. Something went wrong and you're trying to cover it up And I think the problem is Ben Harris J.J. J.J He's not over there by the swings. Did you look by that statue he likes? Yeah. There's no sign of him there. You know, Carly, . Okay. If he's here, hiding out, and he hears you, he's not gon na come out. If anything, he's gon na run away. Hey. Oh, you know, you're probably right. I didn't even think of that. But still, I would like to help somehow. No, you don't want to help. What you want is for me and my son to disappear. No, Carly would never wish any harm on J.J. I know you that don't trust me, Julia, but please let me help. I can be another set of eyes, looking for a lost little boy. Why don't you go look over by the band shell, and we'll look here, okay? Yeah, okay. Okay. We've got to find him, Jack. We will. J.J. Hey, hey Where are you going, pal? Jack. It's me. Let go of me I can't do that. Tell me what's wrong. You don't want me What? I think I found his backpack. Oh, yeah hey, J.J. J.J. (Horn-blaring) Wait Wait Watch out (Tires-screeching) Oh, God. No. Oh please, no. What is the matter with you? You don't run out into the street like that. There's ice on the road, J.J. You could have been killed What if that car didn't stop? Are you all right? I'm sorry, Mom All right. It's okay. I'm just glad you're okay. Me, too. I don't know what I'd do if anything happened to you, buddy. I love you. Don't you know that? Hey, where's feeling all that hot, huh? Well, she went out for a little while and picked up some cold medicine and some groceries, but, you know, I think she overdid it. Colds can be pretty tricky, that way. Well, I wish she would have called me. I could have picked her up some cold medicine. Well, too late. She already took it and she's out like a light, which is why I'm making dinner. Sauce from scratch, your favorite. I thought Em didn't want you cooking. Well, she changed her mind. And you can take her a tray up, later on. Uh you two are really trying to work this out, huh? Well, just a little extra effort. It's all worth it in the end. What's going on here? Nothing. Rosanna, why are you upset? I don't know Will scare, that's all. Right, will? Yeah, I'll go take that stuff over to the church now. Why are you shaking? Oh, am I? I guess I'm chilly. Will you, at least, let me help you zipper that jacket? I'm okay. It's December. Fine. So Yeah? Are you going to do it or not? What? My shirt, Ali. Right. See, you're not ready to be on your own, yet. I'll manage just fine. No, you need help, lots and lots of help. You're very lucky that you have me. I don't need anybody taking care of me or pitying me. I don't pity you. If it keeps going like this, you will. What does that mean? I'm going home by myself, okay? No. I thought you were on vacation. Actually, I've been suspended until I can clear my name. Ah, another cover up. You'll be hearing from my lawyer. I don't know how much of that you heard, but, Ben, I want you to know that I'll stand behind you, no matter how complicated this gets. Look, I appreciate that, Bob, but the hospital board I'm sure that they'll take my recommendation. Look, with a lot of doctors, I'd need more proof, but I know you. You're an honorable man, and if you made a mistake, you would admit it. And that's exactly what I intend to tell the hospital's legal people. All right, Bob, wait, wait. There's something you need to know. I'm okay, Mom Okay. You know what? It's a good trouble, J.J. What were you thinking, running out into the street like that and then dashing away? Honey, I thought I'd lost you. You scared us to death. You know that? Why did you do this? You promised you would always be with us. And then you left, and Mom was crying, and I heard you out in the hall. With Lisa? You said it was hard choosing between Mom and her. And And what? And that me being around made it harder. So, I thought if I left Oh, J.J ., sweetie Will you come back? To stay? On the next " As the World Turns " Bob, I lied to you. It's time for me to come clean. It's time we settled this once and for all. 
Mike. You had a talk with Henry? When? Oh. No, no, I appreciate it. Sisters don't come any better than you. I don't know how much good it did, though, because he didn't come home last night. No, I know. I'll let you know when I hear anything. Thank you. I know, I love you, too. Bye. Katie sighs Henry, why won't you answer your stupid phone? Who is there? We're not even supposed to be open yet. Hello? I said, who's there? Hello? All right, I'm giving you one last chance to get out here and tell me who you are. (Katie-gasps) I hope that's not a commentary on my bodybuilding. Henry Oh, I knew you'd come back. You need to lean on the cops and have them go over to Sweeny's halfway house and search it again. Really that I might have I missed something. Oh, during your unauthorized and highly illegal search? You're lucky somebody didn't bring you in for trespassing. I found evidence. You found nothing. It wouldn't stand up in a kangaroo court. Kangaroo court, huh? I found a phone with my sister's blood all over it. That means nothing? Not when it winds up in the hands of the victim's brother, who, by the way, has been harboring a long-term resentment towards the guy in whose room the phone was allegedly found. Now, if there had been a cop there, a licensed P.I ., Maybe Oh, what about me? What about you? I can vouch for Keith. I was there. The district attorney here could care less about solving my sister's murder. Let me tell you something, my friend. It's tough to the way of the cops. Yeah, well, I'd like to be able to tell my nephew that his mother's killer is going to jail. Understood. We can not rewrite the law. There are channels we need to go through. Let's start with you trusting the cops to do their job. Well, then, the cops should do their job and go back and search Sweeny's halfway house Tom, please, you have to have a heart here. If, God forbid, your brother left a child orphan, are you telling me that you wouldn't do everything in your power to find out what happened? I don't think you'd give up any easier than Keith is. That's why he's pushing for this search. You would, too. Please. No promises. I'll do what I can. Thank you. What? I thought you were going to were going back to Chicago. Well, I I changed my mind. But it doesn't mean that you have to pick up my crusade. I'm sticking with you until we get to the bottom of this. I'm not going anywhere until Les Sweeny is put behind bars. For good. Jack, I knew you'd come back. What are you doing here?  Well, you and me, we're old friends, remember? Hmm, let me just put that away before you hurt somebody with that. Jack's coming back.  Yeah, that's what you said last time. He'll be here any second.  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. But he didn't come back, did he? Jack ain't coming back, Carly. I'm coming back, though. Again and again and again No. No No No Carly gasps Carly? Wow, I guess I guess I was dreaming. Yeah, I guess you were. You wan na talk about it? No. No, I can hardly remember what the dream was now. What are you doing down here anyway? I was trying to stay awake. You know, doctor's orders. I came down here to watch some TV and I guess I dozed off. Holding this? What are you doing here anyway, Jack? Shouldn't you be at the station by now? Now, we were going to go in together, remember? Since you're giving your statement about Les. Right. I wonder why I pushed that lovely event to the back of my mind. I can understand you not wanting to drag it up again, honey You don't have to talk me into it, Jack. I know can not let Les get away with what he did to J.J. What about what he did to you? Who cares about me? I'm the one who blew it. I should have done something to keep him from taking J.J. I should have done something more to stop him You did stop him. You saved me, Carly. You know Oh, thank you. You should forget about my problems and focus on the people that you care about. Who says I'm not? Okay, you know, whatever this thing is that you think you owe me, you don't. You helped get the charges against me dropped. Yeah, and you got me into Sweeny's halfway house, so we're even. That may be so, but who's going to even the score for what Les did to Carly and J.J? did to anybody. Well, I wish that were true. But, realistically, if I hadn't pled guilty to Julia's murder, then the cops could have been looking for her real killer. So, I have to do this. I don't have a choice. Okay. If I can't talk you out of this No. I want you to know, things could get ugly, though. Last week, I was facing 20 to life in a federal prison? I can handle ugly. I bet you can. What does Mr. Morrisey want from Lily? Well, what makes you think he wants something? Maybe this ordeal with Julia's murder has created some kind of bond between them. The only bond he's interested in is one with multiple zeroes. You think Keith is after Lily's money? Well, is thatn't be my first assumption. Maybe he simply likes her. Oh. I don't trust him. I just don't trust him. I'm going on instinct here. And I do trust my instincts. And you suspect Keith is using lily to frame Les Sweeny? Now that it has been said aloud do you think that Les is telling the truth when he claimed he's being set up? Well, I don't put a lot of faith in clients' claims. I put my faith in the facts. And the fact is the phone that Keith found in Les's room came back clean. And doesn't it seem odd to you? I mean, that the phone would be found at such an opportune time? Are you suggesting Keith planted the phone? I never said that. Neither did I. But I will say this. If you're convinced Les is innocent, a good chance that suspicion could turn right back on Lily. I called everywhere looking for you. If that was some kind of test to see if I would miss you if you stayed out all night, you were very successful .' Cause I missed you like crazy. Why aren't you wearing any clothes? Ah, I never dress' til after my morning shower. You slept here last night? No, but I should have. You know, because despite the soft butter-soft Corinthian leather, my seat's about a foot short. You hate me that much that you'd rather sleep in your limo than in our bed? I don't hate you. I'm the opposite of hating you. Then why? Why didn't you come home? I needed time to think. And did you? Incessantly. Okay, good. Glad you going to come home? I'm sorry, bubbles, I'm not. I was going to call you. I I really wanted to spare you this, Mike. I tried to come by early ,' cause I thought then you would be working. I was supposed to bid on a new project, but I canceled that. I needed a personal day. I'm sorry, Mike. I wanted to get my things out as soon as possible. Did I tell you I was in a hurry? No, but it's better for you if I No, you know what? don't. What? Stop making assumptions about what's best for me. Mike, I thought that when we talked yesterday, that we were okay. You thought we were okay? Not that we were okay, but that we came to Right. Everything running smoothly at Street Jeans? Actually, it's not running at all. Dusty closed it down. Closed it down? Why'd he do that? He found out I'd left town without leaving a forwarding address and decided to pull the plug. Without even trying to track you down? That's not legal. He can't pull that out from underneath you. This company's your life. Look, you got ta track down an attorney, Jen. You see? This is exactly why I don't think that we should be together Because I care about you? I stick up for you? No, because you feel like it's your obligation to fix my messes All right? And you deserve your own life, Mike. You deserve to be happy, I want you to move on Okay, what about what I want? How many times do want to move on. But yesterday No, no, no. Yesterday was insane. Come on. We throw some stuff in a suitcase, we get on a plane, we stumble into a chapel and we're two seconds away from saying our " I dos " and Craig shows up. Now you think that's a good time to be making a life-altering decision? I was I'm just trying to face the facts. No, no. You let some guy come in, blow smoke about his rights and his baby, and his this and his that. That has to do with him, Jen, not us. But you got so freaked out by all the threats you end up saying that we need to break up because it's what's best for me. And you don't think I meant it? You tell me. Oh, that is it, isn't it? That's why you've been making everything about Mike. You know, what's this pregnancy going to do to Mike? What happens when Craig shows up? What's that gon na do to Mike? Well, you know, maybe I just don't deserve any more happiness than I've already had. You know, maybe I used up my share when I fell in love with you. You've got ta stop torturing yourself. Okay, you made a mistake. Let it go. Baby, if we have each other, we are stronger than Craig could ever be. We can figure this out, I'm telling you. All right? We'll just take it one day at a time. We can learn as we go. And what about the part that I don't have any control over? When Craig launches his war to have a piece of this baby. Being scared doesn't cover half of what I'm feeling. like I got it all figured out all the time, but I don't. All right, I'm lost, too. I probably should have told you this before, but I'm just as scared as you are. You are? Yeah. So, how about you and me just be scared together? You know, when you didn't come home last night, a lot of things went through my mind. Do you remember our wedding? Is that a serious question? Because I remember it so clearly, every moment. I remember standing in front of our makeshift altar, saying those wonderful vows and realizing for the first time how very much you love me. Well, it doesn't matter. Yes, yes, yes, it does. I've made so many mistakes in my life, especially with men. And when it's all said and done, you were the, not Mike. You. You taught me to see beyond what I thought I wanted, to see what was real. What what really matters? What's good for me? What lasts a lifetime? And that's you, Henry. It's always been you. I would miss you so much. Do you love me, Katie? Isn't that what I've been trying to tell you? No, I I think you love how much I love you .' Cause everything you're saying, how you love to be cherished and safe it hits me right here. It does, because I want that, too. I want someone to make me feel the same way. And I can do that. I will. I promise. I know it took me a long time to get to this point, but I'm here now and I am so ready to give you all the wonderful things that you you'll give us another chance. Maybe that's what Morrisey wants. He's wants Lily to trust him so that if the case against Les falls through, you know, if push comes to shove, he's got Lily close to accuse. Isn't that what you were thinking, isn't it? All I know is what was in the coroner's report. And the report says that Julia died from a blow to the head. And Lily has admitted pushing her. Yeah. And if Les is cleared and Keith continues to push the state to prosecute, it's only natural that they would take another look at Lily's actions leading up to the murder. Okay. Then we've got ta make certain that Les isn't cleared. Wait a minute. First you hire me to defend him and now you want me to undermine my own case? Well, I wouldn't want to Well, be that as it may, Lucinda, I'm a defense attorney and it's my job Well, wait a minute, let's not talk about ethics. Not when it comes to Les Sweeny. Now, you're on the job because I'm paying you, and as of this moment, the job description has changed. Well, as of this moment, our agreement is null and void. I don't care what that report says, Sweeny killed my sister. You need to calm down. Now, I'm just giving you the facts. Les' fingerprints were not on that cell phone, and there is no other evidence that connects him to the scene, so we can not hold him for murder. What about his record? He's violated his restraining order. He beat my my sister senseless in front of her own son. Has no bearing here., it's a documented fact that the abuser is the one that kills them. It still has to be proven case by case. And in this case, there is no evidence placing him at the scene. So what are you saying? Sweeny comes over, beats my sister senseless, leaves her for dead? Somehow, his fingerprints get wiped off the phone, so he can't be a suspect? That was my sister's blood on that phone. Doesn't that mean anything? Okay, all right, you know, Keith, please, stop, this is No. No, you know what? My sister's murderer's gon na go away scot-free because nobody here wants to look past the obvious Keith? What? Oh, my God. (Keith-groans) You're bleeding. He almost killed you just because you said to leave me alone. And if anybody saved anybody, it was you saving me. You were so brave to pick up that bat and stop Les from hurting me. But you know what? It's over. And Les isn't coming back. Promise? Yeah, I promise. Because I'm going to the police station today, and I'm going to tell them what he did to you, and what he did to me, and they are going to put him away for a very long time. Now, why don't you go upstairs and get dressed, okay? Can I go with you? And miss Emma's famous chocolate chip cookies? Are you kidding me? Aunt Emma's coming? Yes, she is. But only children who have washed their faces and brushed their teeth get to have some of those yummy cookies. Go up and get dressed. J.J. Yeah I guess I'd better . Honey? Look at me. Look at me. We need to talk. Coming up, on " As the World Turns " This is a choice about protecting my child, and having a life with you. But I have to choose my baby. Look me right in the eye, Katie, and tell me you don't love Mike. Talk to me, Carly. Why didn't you tell me how far Les went? What would've been the point? He took J.J. It was more important to get the kid back, and I knew that I was going to be okay Well, no wonder you're waking up screaming. (Carly-sighs) Please don't make such a big deal out of this. Darlin', it is a big deal. Hey, Jack, if we're ever gon na get to the station, I really, a second Carly groans what did Les do to you? I'm fine. Really, I'm fine. My arm is a little sore, that's all. I'll tell you something, I'm going to feel a lot better when that man is put away once and for all.  Hey, man. How much longer are you gon na hold me? Hey, man, are you serious? You're facing two separate counts of assault, stabbing Keith Morrissey and attacking a cops' wife.  Assault? Assault? No. I should just, like, pay a fine. That's it. Hey, it's more like self-defense. That witch came after me after I showed her my papers. What am I supposed to do, man? Just stand there and take it? Huh. You're a piece of work. Tom? Hey. Hey. Julia Larrabee, will you take a look? Sure. You know I'm not a medical examiner. Understood. But since your expertise is in neurology, see if you can find something besides a blow to the head that might have been the cause of her death. This is how I account your word? My oath as an attorney comes first, Lucinda. Les Sweeny is a pathetic waste of oxygen and we both know it. Which does not mean he killed his ex-wife. Now, I am bound to represent my client to the best of my ability. Whether I like the guy is irrelevant. Even if it makes Lily prime suspect? One has nothing to do with the other. Oh, the hell it doesn't. I hired you to protect lily. No, you hired me to defend Les Sweeny so that I could inconspicuously spy on your daughter, hired me to defend Les, and that's what I intend to do. As far as Keith and Lily are concerned, you're on your own. (Lucinda-chuckles) Had I known that you were seriously going to defend this slime, I would not have armed you with a point of view. Listen, I've never had a problem building my own cases, thank you. I'll see you in court. Yes, you will. Oh, and if you don't help me, I'll just have to find someone who will. You know, you should be off your feet and resting, but yet, you decide that this the day I'm going to get in a fight with the D.A. Yeah, well, I should have punched him right in the nose. Oh, it's not bad enough that you've got blood soaking through your dressing. If you really were really concentrating, Well, then if you're so mad at me, why'd you drag me all the way over here for? Ah, you forget my first choice was the emergency room. But, since you nixed that idea, you got ta have to settle for my very inadequate nursing skills. So, please. Have a seat, I'll take good care of you. All right, come on, Jen, you and me. We'll be scared and we will be freaked out, but at least we'll be in this together. We can't. Why not? So what if we haven't done it before? We're gon na make great parents, Jen, I'm telling you that. Please let me share this with you. It'll only make things worse. How? Because Craig will be impossible. And then it won't be just me against him anymore Don't you see how jealous he is already? Of me? Yes, Mike, you threatened him, because you are such a better man than he is. All right, you're more honest and straightforward. Isn't that the kind of person you want in your baby's life? Yes, yes, of course, except that Craig will still be there All right? And he will see you, and it will make him feel like the small, petty man that he is. And then he will turn my baby's life into a tug of war. Okay, okay. So what are you saying is that you're going to live some solitary life and never be happy with another man because Craig may not like it? Craig destroys marriages, Mike I've seen it close up. He destroyed my family, and I can't let that happen to my child So win by default? C'm on Don't make this a choice between him and me. I'm not. This is a choice about protecting my child, and having a life with you. And I'm sorry, Mike, but I have to choose my baby. I'm sorry, Katie, it's too late. No, no, no, it's not. Henry, just last week you were telling me how you felt like the luckiest, happiest man alive. Well, I was lying to myself. You're just angry right now. You'll get over it. No, I don't think I will. Look, all this pretending, it was okay in the beginning, because nothing between us was supposed to be real. We know you agreed to marry me to make mike jealous. Would you forget about Mike? How can I forget about Mike 's the reason behind everything that you do and every promise that you make. That is not true. Not anymore. Sweetheart, do you know that I trained myself to look away every time Mike came into a room? Mike would come in, my eyes would go right to the floor. Isn't that pathetic? Why would you do that? Because I didn't want to see the way you looked at him. The way I want you to look at me. Oh, Henry, I'm so sorry. I knew I knew even though this whole time you still had feelings for him, it was okay, because my dream was coming true, so I swallowed my pride and I kept looking away. But I married you, Henry, you. I know. I know, I know. And that's what I said to myself. I said, " You know what Yeah. I mean, we're under the same roof and we share meals and so hey, if she still looks at her old flame like that? I can take it, " okay? " And if some self-esteem, some respect gets stuck in my craw, so what? I can choke it get back, it's worth it to have my dream come true. " I never knew. Because I didn't let you know. Because I knew I knew that if Mike were available again, this whole thing would come to a screeching halt. So I made a promise to myself. I said, " Henry, listen up here now, if you keep a little bit of your heart back, because if it all does come crashing down, you know, you won't get too hurt. " And then Then, what? We made love and it was it was everything I imagined, sweetheart, and that it meant as much to me as it meant to you? It was beautiful, Henry, and no matter what you say, I know you weren't holding anything back. No, I wasn't. I couldn't. I can't do that anymore. (Henry-sighs) Making love with you was like the icing on the cake. Yeah, I started to want the cake. Oh, man. Hold on. You think that I haven't been afraid of losing you? You think that this marriage isn't something that I want to protect with all my heart ?' Cause it is, Henry. I want it. I want you. What do I have to do to make you see that? I don't know. Maybe you know, maybe you have to do what you've never been able to do. What? Look me right in the eye, Katie, and tell, I'm sorry I'm sorry, Henry, I can't do that. Well, I guess I should wish you luck. What do you mean? Well, your brother busted up the wedding, so Mike's available again, so it's only a matter of time before you two get back together. Okay, you're right, Mike gets to me. Is that what you want to hear? That every time I see him, a little piece of me wonders, " what if? " That'd be a start. All right, I admit it. There are times when I wonder. But those times used to hound me day and night and they don't anymore. In fact, they're so seldom that pretty soon, they're going to disappear. And you know why? Because you're in denial, that's why. No, because every day, for you. We always say that we're not going to lie to each other, and I'm not going to start now. So you do love Mike? Yes. But I'm sure a piece of me always will, but that doesn't mean that I want to be with him. I don't. What he and I had is completely over, Henry, I want to be with you, in every possible way. No. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, I can't do I can't get sucked back into this again. No. What do you want, proof? Proof of what's in your heart? Wow, if that were only possible. Okay, fine. Fine. You want proof? You will get proof. I have to look at this situation the way it really is. All right, Craig is you you're enough of a gentleman to let go. And I have to choose the path that will give my child a fighting chance. It's the way it has to be. (Door-slams) Okay. It says Julia's airway was constricted. Constricted? Was she choking? Note only says there's swelling in the throat. So why is that significant? Because airway constriction isn't typically consistent with a head trauma. Could that have caused her death? It's possible, but there's really only one way to find out. Well, Keith says he wants his sister's murderer locked up no matter what, so let's go see if he's serious. Since I have children, I have the largest first-aid kit in the world, but I did manage to find some bandages without cartoon characters on them, believe it or not. Okay, doctor me see. I'm sure I can here. I can do this. No, no, no. I'll do it. It's okay. Let me do it. Okay, well, I'm going to pull this off then, huh? That. Yeah, you do it. I don't want to do it. Okay, you got it? Yeah. This might sting a little bit. Okay, go ahead. You ready? Go ahead. Do it. Ow. Okay. Ow. Yeah, that hurts a little bit. Sorry. That's all right. All right. Put that on there. Thank you. It's nice of you. How's that feel? (Knocking-at-door) Not who you expected, huh? Can I come in? You okay? I just said good-bye spending the rest of my life with. She just packed up and moved out. Oh, I'm so sorry, Mike. No. Didn't matter how much I begged, didn't matter how many ways I told her it could work out, she couldn't hear me. Yeah, there's a lot of that going around lately. You know what? Maybe she's right. Maybe I should stay out of her life. Maybe that would be best for both of us. No, no, no, no. You can't do that. Not if you love her. You know I do. Then don't let her go. You have to fight for her. Her mind's made up. Then unmake it. How? Let me help you. (Jen-remembering) So it was worth the wait? Oh, 'm really glad that wait's over. I love you, Mike. I love you, too. (Jennifer-sobbing) Does it still hurt? No. No, it feels fine. I should put this stuff away. Maybe I should, you know. Thank you. A lot. Any time. Sorry this is taking so long, we got hung up. Kroger's gon na take your statement in a minute. Okay. You okay with the tea? Yeah, thanks, g-man. Jack, can we talk? Yeah. You gon na be okay? Sure, yeah. I know how to give a statement. You don't have to hold my hand. I don't want to leave you alone, that's all. Stop it. I'm fine. What's not consistent with a head injury. So you're saying you think she might not have died from the blow? Well, that's what I want to find out. What are you suggesting? I think you know, Jack. We need to exhume Julia's body. We're almost ready for your statement, Mrs. Snyder. Okay. Do you want a refill? Yeah, thanks. It's herbal. I'll bring it to you. Where would you like me to go? Just step in there. Okay.  What's the rush, baby? You and me we're old friends, remember? On the next " As the World Turns "  I want my son. And I shall have my son. No. Do . Those papers are a subpoena. For what? For a prenatal DNA test to establish paternity, Jennifer. You've been served. 
You can't just do nothing, Mike. I've already done and said everything I can think of. Well, there must be a way to get Jennifer to come back to you. I can fix this. I know I can. She's just packed her stuff and moved out. There's nothing left to fix. She only pushed you away because she's scared, Mike. Jennifer loves you like crazy, and even Craig can not ruin a love like that. She needs you right now. You need to be the one fighting for her. You guys belong together. You can't just let her walk away. Jennifer, what are you doing here? Um I didn't know where else to go. Have you been here all night? Yeah. What's wrong? Well, I had gone back to pick up my things at the cottage, and I ran into Mike. of fun. Jennifer, you know you can always call me, all right? You know there's always room for you at my house. Well, I needed time to think. I have three bedrooms, plenty of room for you and all of your thoughts. Paul, what are you doing here? I have a meeting with Dusty and Sierra. They're trying to get us to back into business with them. Paul, you have to let it go, okay? I have. Are you trying to fool me or yourself? Because you're not fooling me. You know what? I tried talking to Dusty, and he's really not interested in listening. Yeah, well, then it won't hurt for me to give it a try, will it? I'm not going to have you begging them for anything. By the time I'm come back. Cell phone rings That's your phone. Oh. Hello? Hello, I'm looking for Jennifer Munson. This is she. Jennifer, the name's Morgan Powell. I represent a large fashion manufacturing company, and word on the street is that Street Jeans is up for grabs. And you're calling me because I'd like to speak with you about acquiring it. Which company did you say you were from again? Oh, we can talk about all the details later. I'm here in town at a place called Metro. Do you know it? Well, yes, but Terrific. Why don't you meet me here in, say, 15, 20 minutes, and we can discuss your future. Well, I guess it couldn't hurt. All right then, I'll see you soon. Who was that Street Jeans for one of his clients. Who's his client? I'm going to find that out. Okay, don't promise him anything. Let's wait and see how things turn out with Dusty and Sierra first. Well, it's always good to have a backup plan. Yeah, it's always good just to have a backup. Tell him you'll meet him in an hour, and if things don't go right with worldwide, I'll go with you. Thanks, Paul, but I need to do this on my own. She took the bait. She's on her way.  Well, how about some coffee, or maybe even some dessert? We're going to be late for our meeting with Paul.  True. Crossed my mind. Is that your plan?  Maybe. He's going . The fact remains, Jennifer is a bad business investment. As one mother to another, as one businesswoman to another, please don't do this. It's already done. Jennifer did it to herself. We're having a private conversation. Please, please, Jennifer has lost so much already. She's just lost the man she thought she was going to marry. She's lost her home. Please don't take this away from her, too. We're all set. Shall we get out of here? She needs something to fight Craig with. You, more than anyone else, knows what that means. She needs something to ground her, something that will give her her confidence back. Please, please.  Barbara, listen, I am sorry. We agreed to meet with Paul but, quite frankly, the decision has already been made. Hey, there you are. I hope I am, too, but something's just come up. I've got ta take a rain check, okay? Um am I interrupting? Keith just needed to have his bandage changed. He, I think, popped a stitch at the police station. It was bleeding through. Oh, it sounds like you ought to go to the hospital and let professionals take care of you, Mr. Morrissey. Well, she patched me up pretty good. Might've missed your calling, there. How does it feel? Fine. I'm gon na be going. But, you can't go out with that shirt. I'll be all right. No, don't be silly. I'll get you one of Holden's shirts you can change into. There's a bathroom down the hallway to the right. Go ahead, go ahead. I'm getting him a shirt. One of Holden's shirts? I think he'd look very silly in mine. Are you out of your mind? Okay, you know what? This is a molehill. Please, don't make it a mountain. This is no big deal. It is a very big deal. If you insist in keeping company with that man, you're going to be in real danger. Oh, please, please. So, we're going to need Julia's next of kin to sign off on this. Well, after Carly gives her statement, then I'll give Keith a call. The sooner the better. Where is Carly, anyway?  Hey, come on, baby, relax, relax. You know, it's been a long time since we've spent some quality time together. #n't mean that, Carly. You don't want me to leave you alone. I don't want to leave you alone because you've got something I want. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, hey, hey, relax. Let me go.  I ain't gon na hurt you. I ain't gon na harm a hair on that pretty little blonde head of yours as long as you do what I say, uh-huh? And I say, I want a son. And I shall have my son. No.  You know, it's a shame things got out of hand before, but I think we both regret that, don't we? I think we both lost control. And we don't want that to happen again, do we, sweet thing? No. Carly what the hell do you think you're doing? Get off of her  Hey, I'm just sorry, I'm sorry I take it personally when someone tries to kill my wife. What the hell were you doing? What the hell were you doing leaving him alone in here with the victim? I didn't know he was in here. Get him out of here now Now, Reynolds He's not your prom date. Move You all right? Did he hurt you? Honey? Did he try to intimidate you, try to keep you from making your statement? Is that what that was all about? I'm fine. Really, I'm okay. But when I went in there, he was all over you. Jack, you're so sweet to worry. But, really, I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. And I heard what you said to Reynolds. It's not his fault that I went in that room. He didn't know Les find him and make nice, okay? And keep the peace. I'll deal with him later. Right now, I'm a little worried about you. Well, don't. Are you sure that there's nothing Excuse are you still up for giving this deposition? Because if you're not Yes, please, you guys. I'm fine. I can walk, I can talk. All I need is a cup of coffee and a donut, and I'll be perfectly okay. Honey, seriously, if you need us to postpone Jack, while you're at it, why don't you go find that nice officer, and apologize? I'll be right back. Why don't we wait for the stenographer in the interrogation room? It's empty, Les is back in his cell. No more excitement. You've got my word to check and see what's keeping the stenographer. It's no use. Jennifer's spent most of her life sacrificing herself for her family, and now she's doing it for her baby and for me. She thinks what she's doing is best for me. What does that mean? She's doing everything she can to keep from Craig, from coming in and taking over the baby's life. She doesn't want me caught in the middle. She thinks she can go at it alone. But she doesn't have to. That's what I told her, but she won't budge. Her mind's made up. Mike, if she would push you away just to protect you that just proves how much she loves you. Doesn't matter. Every time I tried telling her I don't need her protection, she wouldn't hear me. Oh, Mike, not your fault. It's not your fault Craig's a whatever he is. You know, I just keep thinking, if we would've left for Vegas a couple of hours earlier, we'd be married right now. And we could've made it work. We'd be safe, be out of here, be away from Craig. Why am I I'm sorry, I don't need to be telling you all of this right now. No, listen, the more you talk, the more I'm convinced that this can work out. I wish it could. Jennifer just feels out of control right now. All she has to do is remember the guy that she fell in love with. The one that made her laugh. The one that made her happy. If she could just forget about Craig and the baby, just for a minute, I know that things could change. I wish it could. good friend. No, I'm not. I'm just doing what I would hope someone would do for me if I was about to lose the love of my life. Well, fortunately, you're not, okay? So, why don't you get home to Henry, and tell him I said " hello. " This isn't over, Mike. You and Jennifer belong together. Take care, Katie. Bye. I won't let this be over. For any of us. Thank you so much for giving me another chance to discuss this with you.  Well, we're willing to hear what you have to say. We've got ta be honest. You know, it would take a miracle to change our minds. Well, Street Jeans still has orders coming in from all over the country, and I don't need to tell you what the Street Jeans was a success right out of the gate. I know we've had some minor setbacks with Jennifer taking an unscheduled leave of absence, but she learned a very valuable lesson. She is recommitted, she is refocused, she is more determined than ever to dedicate herself and her time and her talents to the success of this company. She's recommitted today. What about a year from now, after the baby comes? All these life-altering factors, you know? That's why we're here today. Yeah, Jennifer understands this, and everything that it implies, and she wants this. I think that she deserves another chance. The answer's no. Don't waste your breath, Paul. I've already tried reasoning with them. It doesn't work. But the more I think about it, the more I realize they're absolutely right. I know that face anywhere. Jennifer Munson? Morgan Powell Mr. Powell. The pleasure's all mine. Please, call me Morgan. Have a seat. Thank you. May I order something for you? No. No, I'm fine, thank you. I am interested, however, in your client, and how you heard of me and my company. Actually, it's all right here in black and white. You've already prepared to make me an offer? That's an offer you can't refuse. What are you This is my attorney, Jennifer. And those papers are a subpoena. For what? For a prenatal DNA test to establish paternity, Jennifer. You've been served. Please, don't make this difficult. I was just trying to help the man. If you want to help the man, why don't you take him to me. Well, then let him take care of himself. Oh, come on, he's not your responsibility. He is a grown man. I'm a grown woman. Yes, you are a grown now will you act like it, please? You are not a kid, and, by the way, how are your children? What are you talking about? What if your rather troubled and very emotional son, Luke, had walked in and seen the two of you, instead of me? Luke likes Keith. I was changing a bandage. Please don't make it sound like I was doing something unseemly. Okay, save the indignation. Darling, I'm not accusing you of fornication. I'm just I'm concerned that you are investing too much in this man for whatever reason. He believed in me. He saved my life. He saved Luke's life. payback to Holden, or maybe, honey, you could just be acting things out again. All right, you have to give me a little more credit than that. Darling, everything was going all right. Your life was coming together. You are free. You can raise your kids, and now, suddenly, you're just sending it all down the tubes Oh. Oh, how'd that go? Oh. Fine, it'll do, thank you. Okay, give me the other shirt, and I'll put it in the laundry. No, that's okay I'll do it on my own. No, really. It's no big deal. I insist. Hey, the stenographer should be here any minute. Where's Carly? I don't know. I haven't seen her. Where the heck did  Tea time Huh? I realize I wasn't invited to this party, but until Craig is handled, my daughter is at his mercy. That's why a new contract is out of the question. Too much family drama, really. You know, you're the ones who put Craig into her life. If I recall, things were going just fine when she was working with Jordan Sinclair. Am I right? But someone had the bright idea of saddling her with this man who's known as a loose cannon, who's notorious for not playing by the rules. So, I think that someone should take responsibility for the position that Jennifer is in right now. And if you'd like to make it up to her, now's your chance. This is garbage. Let's go.  You know, actually, I'd like to hear what Barbara has to say. (Dusty-sighs) Well, call it what you will. You set me up. Well, unfortunately, you have forced me to take drastic measures. My client wishes to establish paternity as soon as medically possible and assume his legal rights as the child's biological father. Over my dead body. I warned you it might come to this. You're forcing our hand, Ms. Munson. What do you think you're doing to me? Since you refuse to cooperate, we'll be forced to use more stringent legal action. What does that mean? Where is he going? He is here to ensure that you stay here and healthy until my baby is born and I can claim what is rightfully mine. You can't do that. Of course I can. Nothing you can do about that. Coming up on " As the World happened? Hey, it's okay. The case against Les Sweeny will not stick. No. Your new friend could be setting you up. You can't bully me into taking a paternity test. I will fight you, Craig. I will fight you with everything I've got. I will explore every legal avenue to ensure that I am granted my rightful shared custody. Oh, dream on. Jennifer, I have been conciliatory. I have tried reasoning with you. Heck, I even offered to marry you. Don't remind me, please. I'm nauseated as it is. But you have been unwilling to compromise. I have given you every opportunity. Okay, you know what, Craig? Go ahead, hire a boatload of attorneys. I don't care. You will never lay a hand on my baby. Jennifer, all I continue to push me Then what? Do you remember how you thought you lost Street Jeans? If I have to take my baby, that will seem like child's play. You're a monster. No, no. I am a father who is willing to do whatever it takes for my child. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello? Oh, Jennifer. Hi, darling. This is Lisa. I am so glad I found you. Is something wrong? Well, yes. I'm in sort of a jam over here at Lakeview, and I'm so hoping you can help me. Look, Lisa, this really isn't a good time. Please don't say no, because I need your brilliance and expertise. I mean, without it, I'm just sunk. Well, what's the problem? Well, you see, Fashions is having, and the coordinator just got the flu. So someone has to be here and help with the models. I am so hoping you'll say yes. Now? Oh, yes. Yes, I'll pay you quite well, I promise. And oh, oh, please say that you will. Please, please. Pretty please? Okay, sure, sure. Whatever you need. Probably help me take my mind off things. Oh, thank you so much. Oh, you're an angel. And you will not regret this. Oh, listen, wear something drop-dead gorgeous, because I want to show you off. Okay? I'll see you soon. You're a sweetheart. Thank you. Bye-bye. That was brilliant. I couldn't have done it better myself. An artist and his creations are inseparable. Jennifer is her work, which we know to exciting. And it can only continue to be that if Craig is out of the picture. She has to be free to create, free to experience joy especially now that she's bringing a baby into the world, Sierra. Isn't that what you'd want for Lucy? For her to be happy? To be able to share her talent with the world? That's every mother's dream. Barbara's right. I am? That's what I said. Now, can we talk about what's really going on here? What do you mean, Paul? Well, you're not just worried about your investment. You know you're gon na make your money back. Jennifer's proved that. So what's the real reason for you not giving her a second chance? Is it the fact that she left you in a lurch? Notice, without knowing if she'd ever return. big brother and she ran. But she ran from she ran from Craig. She didn't run from her company. And she's not going to do that again.  How do we know that? She won't fail, because Mom and I won't let her. We will support her. We will help her in any way that we can. If Sierra's willing, let's talk it out. Well, you've gone beyond the call of duty. Hear, hear. So I'm going to get going, get back to the hotel. Imposed enough on you. Oh, as long as you promise me you will lie down and get some rest. I I'll do that. And I'll get this shirt clean. I'll give it back to you tomorrow. Oh, don't worry about it. Holden won't miss it. Keith, Tom Hughes. What's up? I was hoping you could meet me down at the police station. There's been a development in the case. Okay, I'll be right there. Bye. It's the D.A. I'm gon na go down to the police station. There's a new development. What's going on? I don't know. He didn't say. Do you want me to tag along? No, no, I'll be okay. I'll talk to you later. Promise? Yeah, I promise. I promise. Bye. Uh, " promise? Promise? " You're impossible. I was thinking the same thing about you. (Carly-screaming) Oh, come on, please. Please come out. Please. Come out. It's ruined. Everything is ruined. Open up. Carly? Hey, what happened? What happened? Hey, it's okay. It's okay. Hold me. Don't let me go. Don't let me go. And now for step number two. Just a minute, cutie pie. Now you had Nancy call and persuade me to close up my dining room for a little romantic interlude. Would you mind telling me why? It was Nancy's idea, I swear. Well, that doesn't matter. You are the one who's arranging this " sweep' em off their feet " moment, so it happens to be with Jennifer and your ex-boyfriend. Hmm? Right, but I am a happily married woman now, and Mike is just a friend. He deserves to be as happy as I am. And I need to prove to Henry that I'm completely devoted to him and not secretly carrying a torch. So and I can live happily ever after, because if Jennifer and Mike really do break up You know what? I got that's good. I've got the picture. And you're just giving me a migraine. Do you have the number? Oh, yes. Excellent. And don't forget, this has to be completely believable, 100%. Mm-hmm. Darling, I have forgotten more scheming that you'll ever learn. Okay. Just remember to tell him to wear a suit, because he looks killer in a suit. Thank you. Thank you. Hello? Oh, hi, Mike. I'm so glad you're there. This is Lisa Grimaldi. Hey, Lis, what can I do for you? Oh, darling, it's more what I can do for you. Mike, this is your lucky day. Funny,, I talked to a guest here at the hotel and I've told him all about you. What guest? Only the most wealthy, exciting developer this side of the Mississippi #. He is dying to meet you. Today? No time like the present, right? Put on your best suit and just come on over. Thank you.  All right, we're willing to consider reinstating Jennifer at Worldwide, but we need to impose some conditions. So, Dusty, would you like to do the honors? We're gon na put a liability clause in for Jennifer. If she gets a headache, flakes out, you know, doesn't deliver the goods, she's out and we sue for damages and breach of contract. She'll deliver. These are our conditions if Jennifer signs on again, it's a two-way street. If she's committed to And not just her company, but her well-being. Which means you have to do everything you can to protect her from Craig. Agreed. Great. Great. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gon na make a phone call. And while we are on the subject, I took the liberty of compiling a list.  What sort of list? A list of all the crimes that Craig has never paid for, of all the areas that he's vulnerable of all the ways that we can capitalize on it. Oh, hey, thank you for coming. You look great. Oh, just can the charm. I already know what happened to Jennifer, so let's cut to the chase here. Oh, well, Jennifer tried to elope with Mike Kasnoff to Vegas without telling me that I am the father of her child. So you then I hate to be the bearer of reality here, Craig, but a woman has a right to marry whoever she wants, whether she's pregnant or not. I am aware of that, but she does not have the right to just cut me out of that child's life. Okay? So it looks like I may have a messy custody battle here. So you need to use me to help you out here, huh? Well, I was hoping you'd help. Yeah. I can. I can help you. You need to make sure that you do everything you can to keep this from getting really messy. I don't want to hurt Jennifer. Oh, really? So that's why you stole her company right out under her? I didn't steal Margo, I am just trying to do what is right by this child. And with your help, eventually, I hope one big, happy, dysfunctional family. While you're so busy giving away Holden's clothes? Is there anything else you're giving away? Oh, please, Mother. Honestly. I'm just I'm just inquiring about the status of the household. (Lily-sighs) Well, Holden and I are taking some time apart until we figure out what we both want. What about the marriage counseling? Okay, the marriage there has to be a marriage and, unfortunately, we only have one in name at this point. You're punishing him. You're doing that, aren't you? Why? Because he had an affair with Julia, you've got to go and make this public display with Julia's brother. Don't be ridiculous. This is not vengeance, its friendship. If you came over here to grill me about Keith, then please you're busy helping your new friend. While you're doing that, you could be you could be risking everything, even your freedom. Wait, wait. What are you talking about? How? Darling, that's why I'm here today. There's a chance that the case against Les Sweeny will not stick. I was there. I was at the police station. I talked to Jessica. Well, if that's the case, the police, where are they gon na point the finger? At their first prime suspect, it's you. No. And for all you know, my darling, your new friend could be setting you up. Jennifer, what are you doing? I thought you'd be done by now. I got called away with a fashion emergency, literally. What happened? Well, Lisa called me over to the Lakeview, and I . How's that working for you? So far, not at all. And how'd the meeting go with the lawyer that wants to acquire Street Jeans? The lawyer was hired by Craig to hand me a subpoena. What? He wants to make me have a prenatal DNA test. And then he said he'll fight me for shared custody and, if I don't comply, then he'll take the baby from me, just like he took my designs. Jennifer, you listen to me. We'll get our own lawyers. He can't make you do anything. What else did he say? You know, we'll have to talk about it later. I have to get to work, okay? Bye. Don't you look really lovely. Oh, hi, Lisa. Oh, honey, thank you so much for doing this for me 'm not taking you away from anything too important? Oh, please. After the day I've had, this diversion will be welcome. So, where are the models? Oh, they're right in here. I know you're gon na just love working with him. Him? Mm-hmm. I thought you said that Follow me. Henry? Henry, I need to talk to you. Yeah? What? Talk about what? What did you do? The best thing ever. I realigned the stars. All is right with the world. Well, our little corner of it. I did it. I really did it. You did what? Mike and Jennifer. They're back together because of me. And I did it for you. You did it for me? You wanted proof, right? So if and only you 100% then I don't know what does. Good news. Ah, well, that's what I pay you for. I was able to get an injunction to keep Jennifer from leaving town until after the child is born. Good, good. And what about the DNA test? We'll see what happens. All right, thank you, thank you. We'll talk later. Stay in touch. There it is. I was so close. I was so close to believe the whole one big, happy, dysfunctional family thing. Craig, it just never ends with you. Hey, I had to do something. What, you're siccing a lawyer on the poor girl? I had to. I want this child, Margo. I want to be a part of this child's life. Do you understand that? that you want a second chance at being a father again. I understand that. But do you understand that you are going about it all wrong? You're destroying this child by destroying his mother. You don't understand. All right, I don't. Maybe I don't, Craig. I don't get you at all. You're my brother, I'll always love you. But if you continue to go after Jennifer like that, I wash my hands of you, Craig, forever. Now you've heard my suggestions. What do you think? He's gotten away with murder before. What makes you think he won't get away with it again?  He has done a lot of things that you don't know about. And he has always walked away. Walks away and comes back stronger. He thinks he's untouchable. Nobody's untouchable. Well, to him. You're right. This time we need to get rid of Craig for good. You ready to tell me what happened? Hmm? I spilled my juice on the carpet. I've made a mess. I've just made a mess of everything. So? We'll get it cleaned. I'm talking about leaving the police station before I gave my deposition, jack. You don't have to apologize to me. I completely understand. When I saw les, I couldn't move. I could barely breathe. I wanted to shout for you. I wanted to scream at him. I wanted to break a chair over his head, but I couldn't. It's like it's like I was paralyzed. And that's just not like me. So you just left? I wanted to stay. I tried to stay, but I could you, but I kept getting the machine. I must have been in the shower. I felt like like I had to wash him off my skin. Carly I'm fine. I am. I just I just didn't want to rehash it, you know? Jack, I'm scared. Okay, I know. I'm so scared. I'm more scared than I've ever been, and I feel like I'm falling apart. Help me. Help me. Hold me. Hold me. Hey, hey, everything hey, everything's gon na be okay. Everything's gon na be just fine. I'm here, honey. I'm never gon na let go. What's going on? Hi. I needed to see you, because there may be a question as to how and why your sister died. What kind of missed during his initial examination, possibly a medical abnormality. You can't be serious. Well, we'd like to investigate it further, but in order to do so, we would need to exhume her body and do another autopsy. Exhume her body? Yeah, I have the consent forms right here. Forget that. No way in hell is that going to happen. And Jessica said the police checked Julia's cell phone for fingerprints, for Les's fingerprints, but only found Keith's. I am aware of that. Ah, then you're aware of what that means. That Les wiped his prints off the phone? And didn't remove Julia's fingerprints or Julia's blood? There could be a million reasons for that. Oh, honey, please, just give me one. Okay, all right, why are you Because I believe him. You don't know him. You don't know. You don't know what he's capable of. Keith is not on trial. Les is guilty. He abused Julia for years. He had the motive. He had the means. What else do you need to hear? Keith is not a suspect, but his behavior is. All right, I was with him when he found the phone. Did you see with your own eyes? Did you see the phone before I was talking to the manager of the halfway house. Lily, did you see it? No, I didn't see it But what does that prove? Oh, for heaven's sake. Impossible to get through with you. For heaven's sake, will you wake up? Wake up. Keith is using you. And until you know the . On the next " As the World Turns " He wants total control. Well, he's not going to get it. Fine. Tell him that by marrying me. To better days. And good-bye Montgomery. So what you're really saying here is you don't think that Les killed Julia? You think Keith did? 
Mother. Oh, honey. Thank God. What took you so long? I was in another country with two children who were wondering where their big brother was. Not my fault. Not my fault that Luke has developed a taste for vodka and then stowed away in your boyfriend's plane. Have you heard from Keith? Why darling, why would you ask me that, when he could he could call your wife? No, darling, I haven't heard a peep not a peep from him. Not since we spoke last night. I thought he was on his way back here to look for Luke. I'm going to go find Lieutenant Cesar and tell him that we're here. Oh, him I spoke to. He's had men out all night all night looking for them. So far they haven't been able to find either one. So you're telling me that Luke and Keith are they both vanished? I talk to you? I'm in the middle of something. This can't wait. All right, just stick with what you wrote. Don't elaborate and you'll do fine. I'll see you inside. So what's so important you couldn't wait for me to call you back? Jennifer. What about her? I don't know how to tell you this, but she's got herself a drug habit. What? Crystal meth. You'll do it? You'll work with Mom and me? I said I would talk about it. I'm willing You you have no idea how much this means to me. No. No champagne. Not yet. Okay, we have a lot of details we need to work Well, I have to go tell Mom. That we're talking. Just talking. Yeah, she's gon na be fine with want, really, really. And now I've got to go. Emily, thank you so much for pushing him into this. Hey, I'm not in. And she didn't push why did you push me into this? Because at this point, the closer you stay to Jennifer, the better. It's not Jennifer I'm worried about. It's the thought of working with Barbara. Oh, we have bigger problems than Barbara. Gwen fell apart in court today. She may never get custody of the baby. So what happened in court? I lost the baby, as if you care. I do care. So the judge ruled? He may as well have. So it's not final. Are you even listening? I told you the judge gave the baby to Carly so they could send me to a bunch of social workers. And we all know what they're gon na say I can't be a mom. So what are you supposed to do now? After what Carly pulled, there's nothing I can do. Ellen When you pick up the boys will you ask the coach what time the game starts tomorrow? Thanks. Hello. Put that down. What are you doing here, Iris? I told you at the courthouse you're not getting another cent out of me. The baby is mine. And this is over. So you're saying that the court decision is final? As far as you're concerned, yeah, it is. From what I've read, these things are never over. Not as long as there's a birth mother who's pining for her child. Well, in this case, the birth mother is why I have custody. The judge took one look at her and decided that the baby's better off with me. You don't think the No. No, I don't. You're either lying or you're a fool. But, either way, you're gon na pay me what I'm worth. Because if you stiff me at this point, I'll make sure that that baby is out of this house by nightfall. And you know I can do it. Tell you the truth, Iris, I don't think you can change the judge's mind. You see, compared to the birth mother, I'm a dream come true. But if the judge knew what you did to my beautiful boy What happened to my brother was a tragedy, for all of us. But I was just a kid, Iris. I was a minor. I never should've been left there in charge of a helpless, little infant. And I think the judge will take that into consideration. Let him send someone to my house. Let them interview my family. This good parents. Unlike the birth mother, who showed everybody how unfit she is when she misplaced her own baby. So you see, you're fresh out of luck. Hmm. You seem pretty sure of yourself, Carly. But, you know, I don't know. How are you gon na feel when you see your face all over the front page of every paper. " Baby killer. " Can't you just read those headlines? Now, I'm not saying that the judge is going to give the baby over to the birth mother, but, you know, who's to say he's not gon na place the baby somewhere else. Say, foster care. It's a risk. You're right. It is. I knew you'd see it my way. Hmm. It's a risk I'm willing to take to get you off my back. You, Iris, are a leech. And you are not getting another 's his. And yours, you mean? I know that's how the papers will see it. Okay, fine. You go to the papers, I go to the cops. You'll be convicted of blackmail, Iris. I believe that's that's about ten years. So if ten years in the state pen sounds like fun to you, go ahead. There's the phone, make the call. Give us both a problem we don't want. So the test on the water bottle came back negative? That's right, will. I'm a liar again. I didn't say that. But that's what you're thinking. That I lied about Casey, I lied about the paternity test, I lied about Carly setting me up, the water bottle Let's not go there, Gwen. There's nowhere else to go. That's my life a big, fat lie. is your choice. I'm just trying to be supportive. What does that mean? It doesn't matter if I tell you the truth or not? You'll just sweep it under the rug? You want me to smile and nod? Fine. All the tests are rigged. They hate you. They're lying. Whatever you say. But when you told me that you couldn't afford a lawyer, I offered to go to my mother. I wouldn't go to my mother if my life depended on it. But for you I was willing. And now? I come to see what? That you have $10,000 in cash? Not anymore. I gave it to the lawyer. Well, I'm sure whoever gave you the money will be happy to give you more. Take that back. Whatever you say. Get out. Hey, be sure to apologize to your mom. You know, you wouldn't want to upset Go to hell. A little too close to the bone? Looks like I'm not the only one with problems. My only problem right now is you. Why is that, Will? Why am I such a big problem? Why do you even care? I'll tell you why. Because it's easy to focus on me. That way you don't have to fix your own screwed-up life. So the first 30 minutes Gwen is allowed to be alone with her own child, we're supposed to believe that she fell asleep and the baby disappeared? Only to be found a few minutes later by the friendly neighborhood snack vendor? It's crazy. It's too convenient. You think Carly set her up. Yeah. And so does Jack. I mean, he can't prove it, but I know he smells a rat. And what about her lawyer? Winthrop? He tried. I mean, he tried his and the judge intervened, and she hung herself. Yeah. I should have known this was gon na happen. What? That Carly would sandbag her? No, no. That Gwen would fall apart. You know, she says that the water was spiked. Yeah, well, the original water bottle is long gone. Carly made sure of that. So there's no way we can prove that she tried to set her up. Which means Gwen is never going to get that baby back. Which means your plan to ship her out of town away from you sister ain't happening. Okay. So from now on we focus on keeping Jennifer from discovering that Rory is her baby. Which is why I pushed you back into business with your mother. So I could keep an eye on my sister. I just hope it's enough. Mom? Are you here? Mom? Mom Oh, pick up, pick, it's me. Call me. Or better yet, come home, because I have incredible news. Oh. You tapped the phones. Didn't you, Dusty. Well, of course you did. Guess what? You can't tap my cell phone. Oh, Jasmine, please be home. Dusty? Did you bug the room? (Cell-phone-rings) Jen. What's wrong? Well, did you get through to Cesar? Still no sightings of either Luke or Keith. Lucinda, last night, when you went back to the plane, what exactly did Keith do? He left me he left me, he gave me this, this. I'm sitting there, chasing the shadows and he came back here to try to see if Luke had come here. You just had to do it, you just had to come down here. Now, because of this, I may lose my son. You're not going to I have a phone call in to him. He will get back to me and he'll be able To what? To what? Find Luke? He's the ambassador I'm sure he doesn't leave the embassy without an armed guard You going to pay him to run down the dark alleyways, calling out your grandson's name? If your boyfriend had just checked the back of the damn plane yes Oh, yes. Blame Keith. From what I understand, you gave him no choice. Did he tell you why? Did he tell you why I was able to force him to bring me down here? No, mother, we didn't have time to chat about that. Oh, well, that's just a pity, because it might have been enlightening. I'm not going to listen to you run down Keith while he is out there, risking his life to find my son. Maybe off? ' Cause the jig's up. The secret's out. What secret? No, don't. Don't indulge her. I'm not interested in any secrets. No, I want to know. What are you holding over him? Well, if you want to know, your knight in shining armor is a smuggler. No. I don't I don't believe that. Keith would never have anything to do with drugs. Did I say drugs? I don't think I said drugs, no. He's smuggling human body parts on ice. He's flying them up north, where they can be sold to the highest bidder. I tried to talk to her, but she doesn't want to listen to me. Besides that, she walked out on Street Jeans. She quit her own company? Yeah. I haven't even told Sierra yet. I'm hoping we can turn things there wouldn't be any other reason my daughter would rather not work with you? So you thought maybe an accusation of drug use might give you some leverage? No. You might want to talk to Meg Snyder. She pulled out some drugs from Jen's purse. She came to me. I didn't want to believe it, either. Believe me. Until I met Jen's dealer. When was this? Yesterday. While Jen was out at a cash machine somewhere, he's sticking in his pockets anything that would sell. (Hal-remembering.) How much do you need? No, Dad. Don't. Don't. I'll figure something else out. Don't be ridiculous. Just tell me how much you need. $500. $500? What do you need that kind of cash for that can't wait? Why? Why would she take drugs? ' Cause she's hurt, she's her baby. She back to work too soon, I don't know. I've got ta get over there. All right, thanks for coming to me, Dusty. I care about her. I know you do. Which is why I'm going to ask you to let me handle this No, no, I'll let you handle it. Believe me, she doesn't want to hear from me, anyway. If you don't mind, just let me know. As soon as I can. Thank you. Sorry, Mom. My cell phone just wasn't working. So you threw it across the room? Oh, Mom Paul has decided to come back to work with us. What? Yes, I just spoke with him. And I told him that Street Jeans just wasn't working, that you and I decided to go into work into business together and I said I needed him. And honey. Oh, that is so wonderful I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I have wished for this, I've prayed for this. We have to start making plans. We'll have dinner tonight. Okay, we'll have dinner. Fine. And then tomorrow morning, we'll have a breakfast celebration and just the three of us no, we'll invite Will, the four of us. And in fact, I will even invite your father, too. I'm gon na call him right now. Maybe we should just have dinner with Paul, because Dad and Paul I know, I know. But you know what? When he finds out that we're all together again, I know that Hal will make the effort, he will. Because it's so important. Because I need my children. Because you and your brothers are everything to me. Mom The years that we had life. And I I have missed that. And I've been afraid to wish for it, but we're going to all be together again. We're going to be together, Jen. Not all of us. Your sister is haunted by the memory of her child. I can't stop thinking about the christening when she heard rory cry. It just breaks my heart, Paul. Mine, too. I don't ever want her to feel pain like that again. That's exactly why I've been trying to get her boy out of town. Well, until we make that happen, we need to keep them as far apart as possible. You're right. You're always right. Mm-hmm. There's only one solution. I need to leave town. Get Jennifer to come with me. I'll make it look like its business. Stay away a few months, whatever it takes. Yeah, um Come with me. Bring Daniel. You want us to come with you? We're together, Emily. Don't you know that by now? I guess I don't. At least when it comes to leaving the country. We'll make a whole new, fresh start. Leave Barbara here to hold down the fort. Now, that's the best idea you've had yet. You are the best idea that I've ever had. So let's think. Jennifer could say no to Europe, or she could say yes. It'll still take a few weeks. So how do we keep her away from Rory? You. Me? Yeah. I know I'm asking a lot. If you do this one little favor for me What is the matter with you? Don't you know I'd do anything for you? It'd cost you a friendship. But if you play her child. You want me to talk to Carly. You can kiss that baby bye-bye. I'll send you a cake in prison, Iris. Well, I think we're done here, don't you? Hmm. Picture perfect. Too bad they can't see the real Carly. You're a piece of work, you know that? I don't know how you live with yourself, knowing that there's a mother out there whose heart is breaking. I know how I felt, my child was dead. But if he were alive and in your hands? I'm a good mother, Iris. And if I can save that baby, that will be a good thing. And maybe, maybe somehow it'll help make up for what happened to your son. No Nothing will help make up for that I will try. You know, Rory's birth mother is even worse than you, in some ways that baby alone with her. He would never survive. Gwen doesn't even know which end of him to diaper Who? Rory's birth mother. Gwen Norbeck. (Glass-breaking) Coming up on " As the World Turns " Something's wrong. Something is wrong. Something is terribly wrong. No one is going to keep me from seeing my daughter, least of all, you. What are you doing here? I've brought your son. What'd you do that for? I'll get it fixed. No, don't. Please, leave it Just get out of here, all right? You think by taking this baby you're gon na make up for what you did? You couldn't be more wrong. I said get out of here, Iris. You're gon na pay for what you did to me. I promise you, you are not gon na keep body. Baby crying Is that him? I asked you to leave. And I asked you a question is that Gwen Norbeck's baby? Not anymore. I didn't come from money. I have a screwed up family, but I got out of there. I walked away. You? You're too scared. Hey, you know what? We all have problems. I turned my head the other way about you being a former psycho just the way you turned your head away about me being a liar. But you know what, Will? It's not working, you hanging around and being supportive. If I needed a dog, I'd buy one. And we know where you'd get the money. That's not who I am. Then I guess we're both wrong. Then prove it. Come on Tell me you believe me or not Show me something You can't. You wo the corner. Well, I'm sick of it. I'm sick of you looking at me, and feeling sorry for me, and helping me, and treating me like I've let you down. You let me down You were supposed to be my friend I thought that you That would be really crazy, though, wouldn't it? Honey, I am so sorry. This is not the time to be talking about family reunions when all you can think of is who's missing. Don't, okay? I don't want to talk about it. Besides, let's just focus on the positive. And I was thinking, since all three of us are together, and we're all three Ryans, that we could incorporate as " Ryan Designs, " in case we wanted to diversify, you know, if we wanted to start some furnishing lines or linens. Should you be taking them? What? Are Yes, and I just had breakfast with Paul. Okay. You're checking on me? No, I'm not. Yes, you are, because of what Dusty said about the drugs. No. I won't be watched I didn't want to take these things in the first place. And you went to the doctor, and you listened to the doctor, and you're doing much better. I'm just trying to do what everybody wants me to do, which is to get on with my life and I am. I'm happy. I'm working, and I'm happy it's fine. Honey, I know you're doing much better. And I'm proud of you, okay? Why don't you just relax for a little while and then you can call your brother. I'm gon na go downstairs and talk to the chef and arrange for dinner. You call Paul, tell Fine. It's all going to work out. It's all going to work out, I promise you, okay? Relax. Barbara? I was just gon na call you. Is Jennifer inside? Yes, she's resting. You left her alone? What are you talking about, Hal? Yes, what's going on here? Open the door. Not until you tell me what you want. I just spoke to Dusty. Oh, I see, and you believed him? Let me tell you what's going on here. Dusty and Jennifer had a falling out. She's decided to leave Street Jeans and come back to work with me. And Dusty is angry, he is hurt, and so he's made up these vicious lies because she's left him in a lurch. No, no, no. She's seeing a doctor. She's not hiding anything. In only reason that she is taking anti-depressants is that she's ready to move on. She's in trouble. I suppose you're going to say Paul's in trouble, too? Paul? Paul is coming back to work with us. And I'm hoping, no, I am begging you, Hal, please don't ruin this for me. I'm an inch away from having my children back. Please don't spoil it. He's getting a lot of money, so he can pay you back. So he works out of this clinic? This is where you saw him. But he he's not here, with it. He was meeting somebody else here. A woman. Luke probably walked into something that he shouldn't have. And they grabbed him. No, that's impossible. Probably found a bar somewhere. I'm sure it's easy for someone his age to get a drink Dr You look a little pale. Have you had lunch? Oh, thank you, doctor, I'm not hungry. Well, maybe, thank you. Who are you? Oh, doctor, this is my daughter and her husband, Lily and Holden Snyder. This is Dr. Hendricks. He's the director of the clinic and also the physician of record. He's in charge of my case. I'm sure he is. Our son's missing  Oh, you're Luke's parents. I'm so sorry. Sorry? When do you have time to be sorry? You're too busy shipping organs across the border. Tell me what you know Holden I want to find my son right now. Holden, no Emily Hi. I would've called, but I didn't think you'd want to see me. That's why I'm here. I So? Are we gon na yell at each other? I mean, we can if we want. If you want. Just get in here. Watch the glass. What happened? You were saying? Well, I wanted to apologize for not being more supportive of you taking on this baby. And I know it's the last thing you really needed right now and you're just doing it to support your sister. And, honestly, any child would be lucky to have you as a mother. Oh. What brought this on? I was thinking about you and me, and I hate feeling like we can't be friends anymore. And I realized you were right. I am still jealous of Rosanna. Which I realize is a really weird thing to say, given what's happened to her. But I know how much Paul loved her. And I don't like anything that reminds him, anything that would take him away from me Rosanna's child around. Is that it? Let's face it, I'm a horrible person. Yeah. We all are at times. Jennifer is the other part. She's just torn up about losing her baby still. Oh, yes, of course she is. The christening? You didn't know this but she heard Rory cry and just had a meltdown. I mean, she literally had a brake down. They had to bring in Doctor Michaels and they put her on anti-depressants. Oh, no. No, no, I had no idea. But I suppose since both of the babies were premature, maybe their cries sounded alike. Yeah, so you know what? It'd be a good idea to steer clear of her for awhile. Yeah. No, of course I will. And I'll let Jack know, too .' Cause he likes to take the baby to the park with the boys. for her. That's a good idea. (Baby-fusses) Oh, my goodness. What's the matter? Are you having a tough day? He's been so fussy since breakfast. Hey, what? Huh? It's nothing. Let me get out of your hair. Not until you tell me what's going on. Nothing. It's just that I I hadn't gotten a really good look at him in a long time. He's so beautiful, Carly. Really. And he's not mine. That's what you're thinking, isn't it. I shouldn't have him. You're taking you're taking wonderful care of him. He's lucky to have you. That's not it. What is it then? I know you, something's wrong. Something is wrong. Something is terribly wrong. Open the door, Barbara, or I swear to you, I'm gon really help your daughter rest. Seeing her father burst through the woodwork. What's going on? Hal wants to rip my front door off its hinges. Nurse-Thompson Jennifer? Hello, Jennifer. Remember me? You're the nurse. From the hospital when I arrived with my son. Nurse-Thompson That's right. What are you doing here? Nurse-Thompson I've brought your son. I am here to see my daughter. And I told you, she's resting. This can't wait. If Mom says she's resting, then it will have to wait. That can't be my son. My son is dead. Nurse-Thompson Jennifer, I'm surprised at you. You know your baby's not dead. But I have the death certificate. Nurse-Thompson They made a mistake. You know they made a mistake. You heard him cry at the church, remember? I knew it. I knew he was there. . Don't you want to hold him? No one is gon na keep me from seeing my daughter, least of all you. Nurse-Thompson He's lost without his mommy. Aren't you, sweetheart? Don't cry, honey. Mommy's right here. Get your hands off me. Leave my sister alone. Stop it, both of you. Nurse-Thompson Tell him you love him that you'll never leave him. Jen has had a stressful day. She doesn't need the two of you bludgeoning each other in the hallway. We're not avoiding this, Barbara, it's too important. Family is what is important. And I'm not gon na let you ruin this for all of us. I realize that you and Paul have issues So this is about Emily? No, Paul, this is about your sister. She is in trouble. And that's a lie. (Jen-screaming) Jen holds a blanket but the floor. Where's my son  I don't know Leave him alone  I'm calling the police Mother Mother Are you okay? Mother? Sorry about that. I didn't see you. Pregnant-woman Really? I'm a little hard to miss. That's him? Dusty? That's him. And you did it. How does it feel? Great. Thank you. I couldn't have done this without you. Aw, Jen. Jen? Jen? Jen, what happened? Jennifer Hey. What is it, Emily? You're really scaring me. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry, I don't mean to upset you. I'm not upset. You are. What's going on? I just don't know i just do I don't know. Who? I'm sorry, I'm not making any sense, am I? No. I'm just gon na go. No, please don't. Please, please. Don't shut me out. What's going on? Oh, this is not your fault. None of this is your fault. I wouldn't go that far. I'm fighting for what I want, right. I'm fighting for what my sister wants. We all try to protect the people we love. But sometimes sometimes the guilt For what? The guilt for what? This little boy's mother I know there are good reasons to keep them apart, I do. But I also know how she must long to hold him. Not to be able to hold your own child, to raise your own child can you think of anything worse. And I'm sorry, I'm not when I saw him, you know. I'm sorry. I'm gon na go. You are my sister's child. You are her son. I promised her that I would take care of you. And that's what I'm gon na do. This is what she would want. Gwen may think she wants you she doesn't deserve you. She's too young, she's too mixed up. But she's gone. And they are never gon na let her take you. I promise. Will? What the hell are you doing here? Is that any way to talk to your mother? Please help victims of Hurricane Katrina and thousands of other disasters across the country. Call 1-800-help-now or go to Redcross.Org. Together we can save a life. On the next " As the World Turns " Why are you here now? A lot of reasons. From what I understand, you could use to my sister that I would take care of that baby, and that's what I'm gon na do. Because nothing in the world matters more to me than doing right by my sister. Do you understand? What does Meg Snyder have to do with any of this? Meg told Dusty she found a bag of crystal meth in your purse the other day. What do you have to say about that? 
What happened? Jen, why were you screaming? Jen? I'm getting her to the hospital. No. We don't even know what happened yet. Look at her. She can't even respond to us. There's something's wrong. Honey? Honey, its Mom. Honey, tell me what happened. Jen? Mom? What's going on? When did you get here? Oh, honey. All right, that's it, I'm calling an ambulance. No, no, come on. The last thing she needs is the trauma of the emergency room. She just had - she's just a little scared. That's all. You can treat this like it's nothing, but I'm sure as hell not. Back off, Hal. Don't you dare tell me to back off Stop, stop, both are you all right? What happened? I found my son's death certificate. Oh, I'm sorry, Jen. I was looking through the drawers for my pencils and I found my son's death certificate instead. Well, that should never have happened. Jen, are you okay now? Yes. Yes. I freaked out for a minute there, but I'm okay. Fine. No, Jen. No, you're not. Hi. Hey. Good news. I got us a table at the Lakeview. Have a family night out. The kids are really excited. So we should probably go. Unless you want to change up first. You should of called me first, Carly. The kids wanted to surprise you, Jack. I have a feeling this was more your doing than theirs. What difference does out together as a family in a long time. And the kids are so looking forward to it. Which is exactly why you should have called me first. I don't feel like going out, and now I'm going to disappoint them. Come on, Jack. Don't be like this. How did you expect me to be? Are you still harping on this Gwen thing? What, you think I'd go to work for a few hours and magically forget it and you'd be off the hook? I should never have been on the hook. I did what I had to do. Why can't you understand that? You knowingly gave false statements to a police department that I happen to work for so Gwen wouldn't have a shot at being a mother to her own son. I'm suppose to be okay Gwen doesn't deserve a shot It's a shot I didn't decide The judge did. Because you set her up to look like a bad mother. Well, she is a bad mother. And the judge thinks so, too. And that's why Rory is here with us, just where he ought to be. Even if we was supposed to end up with us, it never should have ended up like this, honey. You broke the rules. I made a promise to my sister that I would take care of that baby. And that's what I'm going to do. Because nothing in the world matters more to me than doing right by my sister. Do you understand? Nothing. Aren't you going to invite me in? No. Come on, Gwen. Is that any way to treat your mom? Ah, you stopped being my mom a long time ago. . Yeah, well, I guess I remember things differently. I think I remember a woman who didn't really cared what I did, if I was happy or sad, if I did well in school or not, somebody who didn't really care about my life at all, so I did the best I could under those circumstances. Yeah, well, I needed a little bit better than that. Honey, you were the one that ran off. You got yourself, what is it called? Emancipated. How do you think that made me feel? I don't really give a damn how it made you feel. I was running away from you. Honey, do we have to discuss this in your doorway right now? Oh, honey, you don't look like you're doing too well here. I'm doing just fine. Thanks. What do you care? It took you You wanted your space, so I let you have it. Yeah? So what's changed? Huh? Why are you here now? A lot of reasons. From what I understand, you could use a friend right now. What do you mean? What have you heard? That you went and got pregnant. Had the kid, and now you're fighting to hold onto him. Well, it's finished, so No. Don't say that. Don't ever say that. Honey, you are the mom and that's never gon na change. Look at you. My little girl has has gone and grown up. I can't believe it. I just can't believe it. Mother? Mother, can you hear me?  Let me have a look at her. You stay the hell away from her. Dr. her. She said to back off Mother? Mother, you're burning up. What's happening? Mother? Mother? Mother? (Lucinda-moaning) What happened? You passed out. Are you all right? I don't know. You gave us quite a scare. I feel I guess it must be the stress. You wan na sit up? Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. How do you feel now? I don't know. Hot. I'm very hot. How long how long was I under? Just for a few minutes. I'm worried about you, Mother. I guess I fainted. I'm all right. You have a fever. Yeah, but I'll get something. I'll get something from Dr. Hendricks. I'm all right. to do that. Come on, come on, come on. Let's get her in the sofa. You all right? I'll take your things. Thanks, honey. Thanks. Slow. You want some water? Yeah, that'd be nice. Okay, Mother, we have to get you home so Dr. Berg can look at you.  I don't advise that. We don't care what you advise.  My patient lost consciousness. If you don't let me examine her immediately, I won't be able to ascertain what's wrong. I don't want you to ascertain anything. It's your treatments here that have put her in this state. I'm taking her home to a real hospital. Now calm down. No, I'm not going to calm down until you are safely home I'm certain you're going to find your son very soon. You have the full support of my staff in the search. But as for taking your mother back to the states, I can't advise you do that. Not until she's completed her next session of treatment. Out of the question. Lily, please. I'm not leaving here until Luke is safe. So, since I'm staying here, I might as well continue with the treatment. I'd like to talk to my mother alone, please.  I strongly urge you to stay Leave us alone. Let me just talk to my family and You have to come home. Especially after what just happened. And you just heard me say it, and I meant it. I'm not leaving here until Luke is safe. I'm getting tired of the runaround. I want to want real answers, you better start talkin' now, Doc. Or else I'm going to make sure that this place comes crashing down around you. You got that? Why don't you tell me everything? That way we can figure out how to get your baby back. Why do you even care? Because you're my daughter. I care about everything that happens to you. Since when? Look, Gwen, I know things went south between us and it's my fault. But, you you were a very stubborn kid. I mean, it had to be your way or no way at all. You were a handful, honey. Well, all kids are. You're supposed to put up with it, not hold it against me. You're right. I did a lot of things that were wrong. And I'm not here to make excuses. I, no? You know what, there's late and there's too late, all right. No, no, no. Don't say that. Don't ever say that. I'm still your mother. And that baby that's my grandson. The baby changes everything, don't you understand? How? It's a way to bring us closer together. It's a a bond. A blood bond. We can we can both learn how to do the mommy thing right this time. We can help each other. Well, I didn't need your help before, and I sure don't need it now. So Really? Well, you know its tough raising a kid. It's tougher than you could ever imagine. Yeah? Is that why you were so bad at it? Come on, Gwen. At least give me a chance to make, aren't you? That's the only thing that would explain this crazy turnaround. I've been sober for three months. Look, I know I made a lot of mistakes. I know that. And I'm not proud of it. But I'm trying to get my life back on track. You want a chance with your kid. Why can't I have another one with you? You heard about the trust fund, didn't you? What trust fund? You heard about my baby's money and now you wan na get your hands all over it. Honey, I have no idea what you're talking about. Oh, come on I know you better than that, Mom. You smelled money and you came running. Well, you know what, I'm sorry to disappoint you. But I lost custody. There's no baby. There's no money. So you can pack back to Liquorville where you belong. I'm not goin' anywhere. And you know why? Because you need me, girl. Too much for me to turn my back on you a second time. So I'm staying here. And you're gon na get used to it. It's pointless rehashing this with you, Carly. It's obvious that we're on opposite sides of the street here. Don't do this, Jack. I did the right thing. Gwen got what she deserved. No. She's just a child That's right. She had no business getting pregnant. And she has no business pretending that she can raise a child. Rory is here with us where he belongs. And he will be a wonderful addition to our family, just like JJ. No, don't. Don't even try to compare JJ's situation to this one. We didn't do you really think the best thing for Rory would've been to be left with that kid? It wasn't for us to decide, Carly. The judge ruled in our favor. Yeah, because you stacked the deck You cheated to get your way. And you know what? I don't even know why I'm all that upset about it. It's not like you haven't done this before. I go for broke when people I love are involved. I'm not ashamed of that. Now, please, Jack. Can we go to dinner? As a family. Your children are really looking forward to it.  Jack You're home Can I sit next to you at the restaurant? No fair. I want to sit next to him at the restaurant. Please? I would like to speak to Jennifer alone. No way, forget it. not going to let you bully her into going to the hospital. The last thing she needs right now is the trauma of an emergency room. Dad, yeah, he's right. I don't want to have to go through that. Because I don't need to. Believe me, really I'm okay. Well, maybe. But I would still like to speak to you alone. Paul. Let's give them a few minutes, okay. Come on. Its okay, Paul. We'll be down in the lounge. And you, Hal, don't upset her more than she already is. Where are you going? Relax, dad. I'll be right back. Mom? I need to ask you a favor. Sure, honey, what? Don't tell Paul about Dusty's accusations. Don't you think he should know? 's any truth in it. I am certainly not hooked on drugs. He is going to be as angry with Dusty as your dad is. And I'm sure that's what Dad wants to talk to me about right now. But I would rather tell Paul myself. Okay. Okay, if you think that's best. I'll meet you guys downstairs. Okay. All right. Look, Dad, I know that you talked to Dusty. And he has got this crazy idea that I am hooked on drugs. And it couldn't be further from the truth. Dusty is just angry and he's lashing out. Stop right there. You may have sold your mother that line, but I'm not buying it. Not for one second. What are you saying? That you're going to believe Dusty over me, your own daughter? I'm looking at a lot, Jen. And don't tell me it's all about the trauma of losing the baby. This is about something else. There is nothing else. And you're seeing something that isn't there. Honey, I can help you. But only if you stop lying about it. I am not lying about anything And it makes me mad that I have to defend myself to you, because I'm 12 years old. Somebody's got to take a hard line with you. It's the only way to deal with an addiction. I am not a drug addict You've got a drug problem. I do not I know the signs. I've dealt with them enough times. What signs? What are you talking about? Your behavior It's wildly erratic. You're sweating, you're shaking, look like you haven't slept in days I am a wreck Because of everything that has happened in my life, losing my baby. And then everyone trying to deal with everyone pushing and pulling me in all these different directions. One minute everyone's telling me that it's okay to grieve, and then the next minute they're telling me I need to get over it and get on with my life. And then Mom has me see this shrink that puts me on anti-depressants, and it's got my body feeling all strange. And then Dusty, he just comes up with all these insane accusations. What? How else do you expect me to feel? Honey, I know you've been through a lot. And I know you're doing everything you can Yes, I am. Just to keep your head above water. And it hurts like hell that you would take Dusty's word over mine So, you're saying that Dusty is 's trying to create a problem so that he can protect me. That sounds pretty far-fetched. And it doesn't explain Meg Snyder. What has Meg have to do with any of this? Meg told Dusty she found a bag of crystal meth in your purse the other day. What do you have to say about that? Guys, you know what, I've had a really long day and I'm pretty beat.  You can't come to the restaurant? You've got to come We even got you a surprise So, are we ready to go?  Jack says he's too tired. He won't be tired once we give him his surprise. Come on No, guys, wait a second. Wait.  No, Jack, really. You're gon na love this Oh, come on, Jack. Do have dinner with your family? You don't think they're going to pick up on the vibe between us? If you would just let it go, there wouldn't be a vibe. I can't do that.  Look, Jack. See? We added Rory's name to our mailbox  Isn't that cool? That's that's really terrific. You guys did that this afternoon? Yeah. Yeah? Tell me, whose idea was it to add Rory's name?  Mom's. Yes, that's what I thought.  Is something wrong? No. No, not at all. It's great. Really great. You see, boys? I told you that he would love it. So, now, Rory is officially part of the family. Just like me. That's right, go to the restaurant now? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Umm we are gon na go wait in the car, while your mother goes to get the newest member of our family. Come on. This doesn't have to do with any trust fund, Gwennie. I'm here for you. I'm here because I'm worried about you. You need someone in your corner, honey, even if you want to pretend that you can handle this on your own. You sound like you almost mean it. That's good. Honey, I do mean it. Can't you just give me one more chance? No. I'm not falling for this. I'm not gon na let you take advantage of me, too. This doesn't have anything to do with money, baby. I told you that. You told me a lot of things. But none of it And I can't believe that you would change this much that fast. You got a huge lack of faith in people, don't you? I'm partially to blame for that. Okay. Okay, fine. I did my best. Sweetie, everything I've said to you came straight from my heart. But I can't force you to forgive me. So, if you don't need my help, and you you think you can handle all of this on your own go ahead. Do it. Wait. Don't go.  We are doing everything possible to help locate your boy. Why don't I believe that?  What possible reason would we have for concealing any information we possess? Because you don't want anybody to look at this place too closely. You're involved in the illegal trafficking of human organs and you'd do anything to explained to your mother-in-law that the transaction she saw had nothing to do with us. A former employee used this facility to meet with your pilot friend. At this point, I don't care what you do. All I care about is finding my son.  Look, I wish there were something I could tell you to calm your fears. But your son never came here. I wish you the best of luck in your search. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have patients to see. Mexican-father Buenas tardes, senorita. Tenemos una cita con el doctor.  Perdon, senor, pero usted esta equivocado. Mexican-father Senorita, por favor Mexican-daughter Estuvimos aqui la semana pasada. Nos dijeron que todo estaba bien. Que pasa, papa? Mexican-father No se, mi hija. No se. Talves es mejor que esto haya pasado. No me gusta que hagas esto tu, y yo no. cita? Mexican-father No se de lo que habla. Es muy importante que me diga. Le pago por la informacion. Coming up on " As the World Turns " The more I listen to you, the more it seems like you don't really want Rory in our family. Yeah, trust me. You hit her in the right place, she's gon na come tumbling down. His name's Rory. He's so beautiful. Do think it'd be all right if I held him for a little bit? Why did you turn that man and his daughter away for an appointment? They came in here for an appointment and you turned them away.  People come in here trying to find free treatments. Dr. Hendricks tries to help when he can, but we have to draw the line somewhere. What's in this room?  That I'll let you know when we're on our way back to the airport. Thank you. Honey. Okay, the jet is ready, whenever you are. Look, I've got to be honest with you, baby. I look ghastly, I feel ghastly, I don't think I'm able to make the trip back home. Please, please, allow Dr. Hendricks to come in and take a look at me. No, I don't want that charlatan anywhere near you. It's so unfair to him and to me. Mother. Look, I'm trying to save your life. Believe it or not, so is he. No, no, you're trying to convince yourself of that. Mother, look at you. You're weak, you're pale. You just passed out. You have a fever. Honey, I spent the a gun in my lap. My favorite grandson is out of control. I mean, my condition this evening has nothing to do with this place. Mother, none of these things would've happened if you hadn't come down here in the first place. Maybe I deserve that. But you didn't give me you didn't give me many options. Me? Yeah, you. Oh, I just wish you would What? I just wish you would trust me. I know you're going through a difficult time, but this is not just your problem. It's our problem. Our problem. And we're a family. And we will get through this together. What a girl. What a good girl. Meg said she found a bag of what? Crystal meth. I can not believe that she would tell Dusty something like is lying, too? Either that or Dusty made it up to back up his own claim. How about I go ask her directly? How about you just believe me Oh, I want to, sweetheart, I really do. Because everybody obviously has their own agenda here, and they obviously don't care who they hurt. What's Meg's agenda? She wants Dusty. And he and I spend a lot of time together, so she probably hates it that he worries about me so much. So why tell him that you're using meth? Seems like that would just make him more protective, wouldn't it? Not a very smart plan if you ask me. Maybe not, but it's the only thing that I can think of that explains this. I want to accept that, sweetheart, but I am just so damned worried about you. 'm not using meth or coke or crack or anything other than my anti-depressants. I mean it. (Cell-phone-rings) Munson. All right. All right. I'm on my way. Okay, I've got a fire to put out down at the station. This conversation is not over. It should be. Because I have told you the truth. And it's your call to decide who you want to believe. That's right. It is. Dad, I'm okay. Okay? I'm telling you the truth. I am okay. I hope you so. I hope so. (Screaming) Room service. I can't believe you let Hal get to you like that. I didn't let Hal get to me. I just don't want him upsetting Jennifer. She had a momentary setback. He's treating her like she had a nervous breakdown. He he overreacted, it's because he's concerned about her. No, it's more than that. He believes there's something seriously wrong. What were you two arguing about anyway? I was just trying to convince him that Jen's problems are all related to the loss of her baby. Well, exactly. Of course, they are. And the more you badger her about them, the more she's going to become insecure. You know what? Jen just needs to get away for a while. You know? Maybe some place where she can relax. Now, that is a great idea. And I know exactly where we can all go. Oh, no. You're not invited. You really think I can get my baby back? You're the mom, for God's sake. Well, obviously, that's not enough. You need to get to the judge that you you're a good mom. So why don't you tell me what happened, huh? All right. What happened was, is that I lost custody, because a total witch named Carly Snyder set me up. Carly Snyder? Who is she? It won't be long, guys, they're clearing a table for us right now. And I think it will be ready by the time Dad gets back from parking the car.  Good. I'm starving. Me, too.  Rory was crying a little. Yeah. Oh, I bet he's hungry, too. So, Rory gon na stay with us forever, now? That's right. He's a 100% part of our family.  Is Rory's other mom ever going to be able to visit him again? Well, no. Not for a while mommy was bad. Right, Mom? The judge didn't think she was ready to take care of a little baby. What did she do that was so bad? She didn't watch out for him. She put him in danger.  That's bad. Yeah, sweetheart, it's very bad.  Hey, Jack. Hey. Mom was telling us about Rory's other mommy. Yeah. I heard.  What's wrong with Jack? Are we in trouble? No, sweetheart, he's not mad at you. How's Lucinda? She's very weak. I talked to the pilot. The plane is ready to go. I will take her to the airport, I will come back and we will look for Luke. I'll look for Luke. You need to stay with your mom. You should No. I am not going anywhere until I know Luke is safe. Lily, you just said yourself that she was weak. When you get home, she's going to need help. She's gon na need help to get to the hospital. We have the flight attendant, Sierra will meet them at the airport. Lily, she's going to need help on the plane. What about Luke? I will find him. I promise you. I thought you were keeping up with the case. I mean, Carly Snyder's the one who got custody of my baby. Oh, oh, yeah, right, you know. I just wasn't paying attention to the name. So, you said she set you up. How'd she pull it off? What did she do? She made me look like a bad mom. She let me spend some time alone I'd pass out. She drugged you? Yeah. Wow. That's pretty extreme. You sure? No, no, I'm making it up. You don't believe me any more than the judge does. Honey, honey, calm down. Of course I believe you. The question is, can you prove it? No. She covered her tracks pretty well. The lady sounds devious. Yeah, she's a monster. And her husband's a cop, so they got a million connections all over this town. There's nothing we can do. There's always something you can do. The trick is finding it. You don't know Carly. Nah, but, you know, I know her type these hoity-toity princesses, they're all the same. I don't care if she's the queen of Sheba #, shen't know. Yeah, trust me, you hit her in the right place, she's gon na come tumbling down. Jennifer needs me right now. Probably more than she needs you. And you know what? We are all going to go to Positano. It's beautiful this time of year. Will will come with us, too. It will be a perfect way to get the whole family back together. This is not about you, this is not about the family, this is only about Jennifer. I need to get her away from every reminder of her baby and her loss. And you are not helping, leaving death certificates lying around your apartment. I did not leave it lying around. It was buried in a drawer. She found it by accident. You were careless. And Jen ended up getting hurt. If Jennifer did not want me around, she would have not asked to reaching out to me, not to you or her father, to me. Look, I'm not having this argument with you. I'm taking Jennifer away and you're not coming. End of story. We'll see what she has to say about that. I'm warning you. You stay away from her. I need to get Jennifer away from this town, and away from you, and away from every reminder of her baby. If I don't do that, she's going to fall apart. And we may never get her back. All right, kids, listen. John's gon na watch you. Be good, all right? Behave yourselves. I'll be right back. Just so you know, darling, I'm going to be on the phone contusly with Washington. We'll get them to expand the search. Hopefully, I will have found him before praying for that. Find him and bring him home. I will. And you take care of yourself. Make sure she does that. From the airport to the hospital. Yeah, no arguments. Call me, okay? The second I find anything out. Even if you don't have anything. Luke. Thanks. You didn't you didn't have to do that. There's going to be a whole lot more of this. You'll see. Things are gon na change now that I'm around. You think I haven't tried to fight Carly already? I have, it's useless. No, it's only useless if you're on your own. And I know that's the way you like it. You always have. You know, you against the world. And there's nothing wrong with that, sometimes. Other times one. He let me down. A guy? Yeah. Well, yeah, they'll do that. I'm talking about something different. I'm talking about someone who's gon na stick around for the long haul. Right, like I've always been able to count on you. You can this time, Gwennie, I swear it. We're gon na get your baby back, honey. Carly is feeling all smug and sure of herself. She thinks she's won and you're off licking your wounds. But you and me, we're gon na prove just how wrong she is. I'm here for you, Gwennie. I swear it. I'm here for good this time. Could you at least not avoid me in front of the children? I figured it was better than jumping down your throat. What did I do now, Jack? It's one thing you start lying to our children. I'm am just telling them how it is. No, you're telling them the way you want it to be. You know, the more I listen to you, the more it seems like you really don't want Rory in our family. And you're using your anger at me to push him out. That isn't fair, and you know it. I want to honor your sister's request and her memory. Well then quit looking for reasons not to. I thought you said Jennifer was coming back. She is. She'll be down in a minute. I guess Jack and Carly are here with the family. So I see. What does that have to do with us? Nothing. I'll be back. Paul? I'm sorry, Carly. You can try to justify but the truth is, Gwen shouldn't have lost her baby this way. Hey, guys.  Hey, Jennifer. Hello. Are you here with your mom and dad?  That's right. Yeah, it's a family night out. We're all going to dinner together. That's nice. And this must be the new baby. Yeah. His name's Rory. He's so beautiful. Do you think it'd be all right if I held him for a little bit?  I guess so. He's awake now. Thank you. It's you. Isn't it? It's my boy. It's my baby. Next week on " As the World Turns " We can actually pay the bills. Keep the fires burning. Baby, I am so happy to see you.  Tell me, please. Please tell me you know that he's my son. You know that I'm not crazy. Please, Paul 
Jack? What the hell is this? He holds up Carly's skimpy red outfit she wore at the strip club as a waitress. Hey. Hey. Did you get any sleep last night? Oh, about an hour or two. If Jade does turn out to be Rose's daughter We'll know soon enough. Unless you decided not to call the orphanage. Oh, no, no. I have to do that. I just feel like I finally let my sister go, and this teenage girl shows up saying she's Rose's child If she is, it'd be pretty great. Wouldn't it? It'd be a miracle. I feel like I'd have a piece of my soul back. But if she isn't, and this is some sort of scam If it's a scam, we'll figure it out. I just don't want to spoil anything right now. We've worked so hard to get this blow us off track. Maybe it's good news, maybe it's a blessing from your sister. You never know. And if it isn't? If Jade is abusing Rose's memory?  Excuse me? Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt Oh, no, no, you're not. I'm glad you're here. We need to talk. What? What, are you watching me study? Don't flatter yourself. You know, no, I'll go back upstairs. No, no, allow me. Knock yourself out. Ow (Door-opens) Oh, hi. Great, good. I'm glad that you're both here I need to talk to both of you. Just sit down. She wasn't been in my room, if that's Like I would be in your room. Please. All right, all right, just sit down. Listen to Norbeck. What? Why? What'd she do now? According to Barbara Ryan, Gwen tried to kill her. Mom, are you sure you feel okay coming home? Oh, honey, I can't abide hospitals all that green. You know, you'd think they would talk to someone before they stitched up those uniforms. They make even the most handsome doctor look bilious. And that's not very encouraging when you don't feel so well. If you're not feeling very well, then you should probably be in the hospital regardless of the uniforms. You know, I'm just fine. I'm going to sit right here on my couch, have a cup of tea, read a good book. And if that awful girl even breathes in my direction I don't think Gwen will be coming anywhere near you. You're absolutely right about that. Because I've hired a crack security team. they're going to cart her off to jail. Okay then. Well, if you're all set, I really should go check on Johnny. Well, there is one more thing you could do for me. Actually, not for me, but for your little brother, Will. Will? What are you doing? I'm leaving you. Barbara Ryan. Isn't that Will's mom? Yeah. So what happened? According to Barbara Ryan, Gwen broke into her suite and was stealing money. Stealing money? According to Barbara. She happened into the room, they argued, Gwen pushed her, Barbara fell and struck her head. Is she okay? She has some bruises, a concussion. But she's being released from the hospital this morning. So where was Will in all this? Apparently, he was in the room, but his story differs greatly from the Barbara Ryan Gwen Norbeck, but of course, she's disappeared. That's where you two come in. Have either of one of them contacted either one of you? Who, me? No. No, I don't I don't really hang out with them. I barely know them. All right, so if they do, you will call me immediately. Do you understand? So wait a minute, Will's missing, too? Nobody has seen him, so we're assuming that they're together. And look, I know that they're scared, but it is so important that they come and talk to me. These are very serious charges that she's facing, and given the history Barbara and Gwen hate each other. And the fact that the assault occurred during the commission of a robbery, we're talking felony. A felony? For what, a bump on the head? No, a Barbara Ryan she was very badly injured, she could've died. And when Jennifer found her, she was unconscious ; she remained so for several hours. So it was touch and go. They just left her there, unconscious? Yeah, apparently. Look, I'm really sorry, I've got to get back to the station. If they do contact you, you call me? We'll call you. Yeah. All right. We're depending on you two. All right. Okay. I don't believe him. He just left his mom lying there? Yeah, it's pretty cold. His own mother? Yeah, but there's mothers and then there's mothers. His is difficult. But Will seems like a really nice guy. Yeah, he's too nice. What are you saying? He's always getting himself into trouble trying to make everybody else happy. Yeah, Henry's, you know, put other people first. But I don't understand. I mean, every time I talked to Gwen, she was very nice, and why would she steal money from Will's mom? She's rich. Plus, Will probably had a key and knew where she kept the cash. And why isn't Will being charged? Because his mother's pressing the charges. And you think that Gwen pushed her? She's got a temper. Yeah, well, doesn't everybody? I mean, Casey, there's a difference between getting mad and getting violent. It's a thin line. Besides, after the stuff Gwen's pulled, it's not that much of a stretch. Oh, come on. No, look Gwen lied to me for like a year about the baby. And okay, fine, we weren't together, but the fact is I asked her more than once, " Will is the father. And then she turns around and blindsides me with my parents, and now I can't go away to school. So this is about you? I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that I wouldn't put it past her. Because you're her victim, just like Barbara Ryan. Look, I'm not saying I was like a why am I always defending myself with you? Jennifer Munson found her mother unconscious. Barbara says that Gwen did it, and the police believe her. Yet somehow, I'm a jerk because I think that maybe, just maybe, Gwen could push someone who makes her mad? What do you mean, you're leaving me? I have to go. The cops are after me. So we'll both go. No. You can't come with me. Why? Because then you'll be an accomplice. Don't you remember what taking Billy even though I was the one who took him. I'm the one who robbed my mother. I'm the one who pushed her. Yeah, but the police don't believe you. And the jury won't, either. Not after all those people from the Lakeview testify about how i yelled at her and threatened her in front of everyone. It doesn't matter, it was justified. She was setting you up then, so you'd lose your job just like she's setting you up right now. But this time it's different. I am guilty. I am. I was there, I went along with it. I'm the one who had the key. I'm the one who knew about the money. Okay, so what, we'll both get convicted and for all you know, you'll get sent back to the state hospital. No. My mom's not going to let it far twice before. She'll do anything to keep us apart. Please I have to go, it's the only way. No. Will We're staying together. Don't you get it? I love you. If I stay with you, you'll get hurt, and I can't let that happen. The only way you could ever hurt me is by leaving me. So promise me that you won't do that. So, how did you sleep?  Great. The guest room is so pretty and comfortable. Thanks so much for letting me stay. Oh, it was too late for you to go out and find a motel.  I took a shower. I hope it's okay. Oh, of course. Of course it's okay  It's just, the soap was so perfect. And all the little towels. It was like staying at a four-star hotel not that But I'm sure the beds in there are like those. When I woke up this morning and I saw the flowered quilt it was so beautiful, I felt like I was dreaming. And then I heard these kids laughing down the hall, and I thought those are my cousins. Just like Luke. I was hoping that I could get to meet them this morning. Maybe later. I have a meeting. Actually, I have a conference call. It should take about an hour and then we can talk, after that. Okay?  Mm-hmm. So, you hungry?  Starving. Good. Oh, Luke, hey, why don't you take Jade out for some breakfast and show her the sights? I thought I was grounded. You are grounded. I think we can make an exception just this once. Okay. I want to talk to you before you go, though. Come on. It address.  Yeah, it was a little complicated, legally. But Sister Elizabeth made it happen. She knew Rose. She did?  She was the one who finally agreed to help me find my birth family. Even though she warned me that it might not be such a good idea. Why's that?  Well, when a parent give up their kids, it's for a reason. And if that kid shows up it can be pretty upsetting. And I didn't want to upset anybody or have to deal with you know, people not wanting me around. But Sister Elizabeth really liked your sister and she thought that you'd be okay with it. Even if you had a little trouble with the idea at first. I don't want to lose track of where we were. Especially with the way things have been going. Dad, I'm fine We need to set aside some time  You ready to . Why was it so important to get them out of here for an hour? There is no way I would let her meet the girls until I find out if her story checks out. You calling the orphanage? Sister Elizabeth. If there is a Sister Elizabeth. You weren't supposed to see this. Why not? Carly? Because it was a surprise. A surprise? Yeah. I picked it up at a yard sale. And I was hoping that one night this week, you could play security guard to my willing waitress. Hey, come on, don't look at me like that. You love playing gardener to my desperate housewife. Well, just so you know, this uniform is never going to be a turn-on. I hate it. And I can't wait to get out of it. That can be arranged. You're tired. Yeah, that must be it. Can No. The other security guard, Wilbur he weighs about 400 pounds. All he does is sit and watch monitors all day, and eats crullers. Well, look at it this way at least you have somebody to talk to. Oh, yeah, it's great. Did you know that the Cardinal is the state bird? You know what, yes, actually I did know that. Yes, it's also the state bird of Indiana, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, and both Virginias. And of course, there's the St. Louis Cardinals, and the Arizona Cardinals, which used to be the St. Louis Cardinals, but the owner moved them to Phoenix. It's not that we talked about football or baseball all night, honey. It's just that Wilbur likes birds. Red ones. He's got a website. Oh, honey I just need to take a shower, then I got to head No, there's nothing to talk about, it's just the way it is. I thought that Mike was going to see if he could find something for you. I am not going to let him fire someone so he can hire me. No. Besides, I made a commitment to Kim. It's just for a little while. I wouldn't count on it. Hal's doing me a big favor by taking me on part-time. Well, when Hal realizes that Nick can't cut it, he's going to fire him. Nick isn't going anywhere, darling. And neither am I. (Doorbell-rings) Morning. I've got something for you Mr. Peanut may not talk. I never said you were a jerk. No, you inferred it. No, you inferred it. I never implied anything. Okay, then that remark about me being like Barbara Ryan, that was like, what It was sarcastic and mean. You know, you weren't even here during any of that stuff, but yet somehow, you're an expert. Come on, I never said that I was an expert on anything. No, you implied it. Doorbell rings Excuse me. What are you doing here?  Case look, not that it's any of your business or anything, but since we had today off from school, I asked Maddie if Maddie, your boyfriend's here. Just I'm sorry, I never actually called he's just  Yeah, I noticed. You ready to go? Yeah, let me get my coat. Oh, thank you. You've become so maternal since you've had Johnny. Motherhood suits you. Yes, well, I should get back to him. Well, before you do, why don't you sit down and hear me out, okay? on something other than pressing charges, like something more positive. I'll get you a book to read. Honey, I need your help. Now, it's obvious that your brother has run off with this girl. She has a name. And she tried to kill me. But she will be arrested. And if your brother tries to help her escape, he could be sent back to the psych ward, Jen No, they won't do that to him again. He is on probation. He can't afford to be implicated in a felony assault charge. Well, you always drop the charges. For Will's sake. I am pressing charges for Will's sake. The sooner that girl is arrested and out of the picture, the sooner he'll be free. And that's where you come in. Me? I need for you to make a public appeal. To go on the air, and let, and that you understand that he thinks he's doing the right thing by standing by this girl. But the fact is, she tried to kill his mother. You're forgetting something. What's that? He loves her, Mom. And he was here when you got hurt. He's already given the police a statement claiming responsibility. He's never going to believe that Gwen is guilty. (Barbara-remembering) Will, stop Will (Barbara-screams) You're right. He'll never believe that she's capable of violence, but he's wrong about that. I mean, just look at her mother. A vicious criminal. And she takes after her. She has an evil temper, like her mother. I mean, we've had words on more than one occasion, and if he stays with her, he will never achieve what he is capable of. He'll be putting out brush fires his entire life. Mom, everyone knows you do whether I like her or not, the point is this Gwen will go to jail sooner or later. And sooner or later, that means your brother will be left alone. Which is why you have to make that appeal. He won't turn to me. I've lost him. But he still has you. So you have to let him know that you still love him, and won't abandon him. Promise me that you won't leave me. We're in this together. It'll be okay. What are we going to do? The police are after us, we don't have a car We've got a $1,000. And they haven't found us yet. That's because nobody in their right mind would spend the night up on a roof. It's freezing. That just means it's a good place to hide. Yeah. So what's the plan? I think we should stay It gets dark pretty early. I'm hungry. We can do this. Okay. With any luck, by tonight we'll be in Chicago, we can have some food, see a movie, get some sleep, and then we'll go out west. Out west? I have some friends out there. They'll set us up. You'll see it'll be great. We can do it. What're you doing here, Nick? This is my home. You don't come by unannounced. It's my mistake. I'll see you at the station. No, no. We're not taking this to the station. You tell me what you're doing here. To tell you the truth, I thought I'd be a little more welcome than this. Just because Hal assigned us to the same case doesn't make us friends. You come to my house when you . We're going to keep this nice and simple. Work stays at work. Anything else well, I really don't think there is anything else, do you? Is that true, Carly? Because after last night, I thought you'd be glad to see me. Nick obviously got his signals crossed. What happened last night? Nothing. I spoke to your wife. I knew that you'd be working, but I wanted her to tell you that, you know, I made some good progress on our case. You still could have called. Give me a minute to shower and change and you can brief me on our way in. You're off the hook. He bought it. Don't you dare whisper to me about my husband. He is worth ten of you. Seven. Maybe eight. I thought you and I understood each other. No worries, Carly. I'm not 's working at the galaxy strip club. Shh. That's between a husband and his wife. Then what are you doing here? And don't give me that garbage about bringing Jack up to speed. You don't give a damn about Jack. But I'm crazy about his wife. That's the real reason I'm here. Wow, you weren't kidding.  What? When you said you were starving. Do you want any eggs?  Oh, no, I'm fine. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to  You sound like my mom. I mean my adopted mom. It's okay. She's was a bit of, you know, a manners freak. " Elbows off the table " " a napkin in your lap " " please, thank you " My mom gets on us about the " please and thank you. " But she's pretty loose about Yeah. About most stuff, yeah.  What about your dad? What do you mean?  I mean, is he always on your case? You're grounded, aren't you? I mean, I heard him say like three times he wanted to talk to you about whatever. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be nosy. I was just trying to see you know, get a feeling for what my mother's family was like. Well, this isn't typical.  What isn't? My dad. He's usually really cool.  So, what set him off? Me. I mean, I guess I'm not exactly I guess when you have kids you name them, you teach him how to ride a bike, how to play ball eventually you get an idea in your head of how their going to turn out.  Mm-hmm. And I guess I'm just well . He wanted you to be someone that you're not. Thank you, operator. Well, at least we know it exists. What? The Orphanage of the Little Flower. That's a good sign. Maybe. You think Jade is lying. I don't know, I don't know what to believe. But, only What? You knew Rose. She wasn't ashamed of anything. Why would she keep that from me, the fact that she had a child? I don't know. Maybe she was afraid you'd think less of her? I would understand, more than anybody. If that's what happened. If it's not a lie. Well, you'll find out soon enough. I'll find out right now. Sister-Anne The Orphanage of the Little Flower. How may I be of service? Yes, I would like to speak to Sister Elizabeth. Sister-Anne is on retreat. May I help you? I'm Sister Anne. Do you know when she'll be back? Sister-Anne Not for weeks. She makes a pilgrimage for prayer and meditation annually. Well, there's no way to get in touch with her? It's just that she knew my sister Rose d'angelo. And this girl showed up yesterday claiming Sister-Anne Oh, dear Lord. I knew it was a mistake, I just knew it. Why would you say that? That I'm not what my parents wanted. You don't even know me or them.  Well, I know what happened with me. I mean, and my parents my adoptive parents they were perfect. They worked really hard and went to bed early, went to church on Sunday, cut the grass on Saturday, made their beds just so hospital corners. Everything was the way that it was supposed to be only that wasn't me . So it's kind of their way or the highway. So So they kicked you out?  No. I left. I knew that my mom my real mom was probably just like me. Different. And that was the only thing that was making me feel okay about myself. Knowing that there was somebody that would understand me, and wouldn't try to change me or hate me for not measuring up. Well, my parents don't hate me  So what's the problem? Did I say there was one?  No. You didn't. Well, you're right. Aunt Rose was different. She was great. She liked bright colors and loud music, and she loved to dance and laugh and tell jokes and make everybody eat way too much and just have a good time. And she'd be after you if she thought something was wrong. She'd sit you down, and you'd have to tell And then she would just give you this really big hug and she'd do anything she could to try to make it better. Yeah. Everything was better when Rose was around.  You miss her. So, what would she say about what's going on with you and your dad? Oh, I don't know. It's not really something that you can fix.  But she'd make you feel better about yourself. Well, she would call me Luciano that's my real name and she'd take me out for calzones.  Luciano. It fits. Yeah, well, she thought so.  Well, here's the thing, Luciano. We can't change who we are. But we can find people who will like us anyway. My parents love me, it's just that well, since Aunt Rose died, everything has been off. Aunt Rose used to fix things, or at least pull us all problem. No one does that anymore. It's like we all just kind of spin off into our own little worlds. I mean, it's better than it used to be. But we still do miss her. All of us, especially my mom. Are you saying that this girl isn't my sister's child? Sister-Anne Oh, no, not at all. Perhaps you should wait to speak to Sister Elizabeth. No, see, I can't this girl just showed up on my doorstep with a birth certificate. If there is a mistake, I need to know. Sister-Anne You understand that, generally speaking, we view an adoption as a closed arrangement. But given that the girl is no longer a minor, and her mother, your sister, was very close with Sister Elizabeth, we made an exception. And from everything I've heard, she was, well very cheerful, despite her circumstances. Sounds like Rose. Sister-Anne her daughter showed up wanting to know more about Rose to be honest, I think Sister Elizabeth felt she was doing the right thing. I warned her. I felt that we should call you and prepare you. I don't understand. Sister-Anne We are all God's children. But unfortunately, there are those among us who feel, well, that children of a mixed parentage are not welcome. I wanted to spare the girl and you, of course, any unpleasantness. Sister Anne, we would welcome Rose's child in our hearts and our home no matter who she is or what she looks like. Sister-Anne Oh, bless you. Then all's well. I never once thought in a million years she'd think that we'd reject her because of her race. You have to understand, we were very cautious, because my sister Rose never mentioned the fact she had a child. Sister-Anne But now her daughter has found you. Yes, she . I'm a happily married woman And you want to stay that way. But there's something missing. I think you should leave. Where's your bracelet, Carly? See, I don't know if Jack gave it to you, but if I was your husband, I'd give you a diamond on a long thin chain that would hit you right about here ow Where is it? Where's my bracelet? Well, what are you going to give me for it? Where did you find that? Or did you steal it? Please. Forget it. Keep it. And what are you going to say to Jack, when he notices it's missing? I'll tell him I lost it. Suit yourself. Wait. Please. Thank you. Now, that wasn't so hard. You'll never know. See you later, Tiffany. All I'm changing the rules. They're going to be looking for two people Well, I'm not letting you leave here alone. Okay, so you go first. And when it's clear, call me.  Yeah. You really can't see it from the street. So this is what Casey is talking about. I don't really think it's that great.  Well, it's fun in the summer, when it's warm. C'm on. Let's go to Java and get some coffee. Hang on. I want to see something. Casey said you can see his house from here. Is that it?  I really don't know. Well, you just picked me up there.  Yeah, but I haven't made a study of the geography. Fine.  And why do you even care? What do you mean?  Well, for somebody who claims to hate That's not true.  Maddie, since I've picked you up, you haven't talked about anything else. Well, what do you expect? I mean, I live with him.  I don't think that's it. What do you mean?  I think something else is going on. Like what?  You tell me. I don't have to tell you anything. There's nothing to tell. I thought you didn't want to talk about him.  I don't. Well, then what are we doing?  From the look of it, not much. Nate, wait And we thought we had problems. Way to go, Maddie. Alienate the only guy who ever showed an interest in you. Shuffling sound Hello? Who's there? Okay, I talked to Aunt Kim. She's willing to let me broadcast my appeal to Will on air. She's, thank you. Mom, even if I do get through to Will and he turns himself in he's not going to forgive you. Especially if Gwen goes to prison. Never is a very long time. Mom. He loves her. And I know that you think that you're helping him, but You know what, Jen, sometimes a mother has to set aside her own needs and desires for the good of her child. I expect you know that, now that you have Johnny. And, of course, I would do anything for him. But he's a baby. Will is a young man. Will is not yet out of high school. He has had to grow up quite a bit faster than most kids his age, you know that. And for you to fight him on this, and to put Gwen in prison he's not going to get over it. It will be over, and me something. For all of his complaining about my interference, he taught me that I didn't do enough. Sometimes you have to risk everything for the sake of your child. And if that means that I risk losing Will's affection then so be it. But at least he'll be alive and away from that girl. Honey, my happiness doesn't matter anymore. All that matters is that Will is protected. Look, I know somebody's there. So just come out, or or I'm going to call the cops. Fine. This is me, turning my cell phone on, okay? And this is me dialing 911. Wait Please don't call the cops.  How many horses do you have? Mom what's wrong? I wasn't honest with you earlier, Jade. I didn't have a conference call. I needed some privacy to call the orphanage.  You spoke to Sister Elizabeth I spoke to Sister Anne. She was very helpful. You need to understand, I love my sister. Very much. And I needed to know the truth before Before what? Before I could do this. She gives Jade a hug. Where's Nick? I told him to wait in the car. Hmm, you're tough. I don't like him. I know that we have to get along, so I'm trying to be polite. So you said, " Please get out of my house? " (Carly-chuckles) Something like that. Honey, he's trying to make an effort. No, he's trying to look good for Hal. Whatever. Thanks for the coffee. And for the loyalty. Well, aren't you my husband, and don't I love you passionately? Mmm. Mm-hmm. So quit while you're ahead. Let me worry about Nick. Hen't, honey, that's not true. I lost my job long before he showed up. Well, he doesn't have to act so proud of himself. All right. Hey, I got to go. Let it go, would you? It is what it is. And it's not going to change. Not anytime soon. I wouldn't be so sure about that. On the next " As the World Turns " If the only way to break her hold on my son is to get her sent to prison, that's what I'm going to do. Do not come near me. I will scream. I swear I will. Paul's not dead. I can feel it in my heart. And he's close, Henry. He's very close. 
Hello? Yeah, this is tiffany. Tonight? No, I wasn't scheduled to work now for I'll get back to you. Bye. Did you forget something? Who was on the phone? Just some PTA thing. I thought you were headed into work. I told Nick to go on without me. Why? Carly, I really need you to tell me who you were talking to just now. I just did. Was it Gwen? No. No, it wasn't Gwen. It wasn't. Jack, why would I lie about talking to my sister? What's going on? A call just came through on the scanner. There's an APB put out for Gwen's arrest. Don't call the cops, okay? You should not be up here. Maddie, its okay. We're not doing anything wrong. Yes you are. You're hiding. We're not hiding. We were just And you came up here with your friend, Nate? And we got embarrassed. That's all. So how have you been? Oh, come on, Will. I know what you guys are up to. I know you're running from the cops. Maddie. Wait, no . Are you kidding? I live with Detective Hughes, okay? She told me that Gwen attacked your mother and tried to kill her I didn't do it. Someone did. It's the truth Maddie, she didn't do it. I hurt my mom. You tried to kill your own mother? It was an accident. We didn't mean to hurt anybody. Maddie, listen. Seriously, do not come near me, I will scream. I swear I will Thank goodness you're here. I just pray that Will hears this and he comes home. He just was with Bob and me. And he was so insistent that he and Gwen couldn't be separated. And then I had to go and give him a hard time about the two of them sharing a room. Well, thank goodness you did, because if you hadn't you would've that girl in your house scoping out your antiques, eyeing your jewelry. She would've bashed your head in they way she did mine Barbara, that's ridiculous. Gwen Norbeck does not deserve your kindness. What she needs is a prison cell and a life sentence to go with it. Okay, okay. You're angry at Gwen. The important thing now is to get Will back here safe and sound, right? Of course. Of course. Okay, good. In that case, I have an idea guaranteed to bring him back. That's great, what is it? You have to drop the charges against Gwen. After everything she attacked me. Mom, Will brought her here. Listen, you scared the living daylights out of her. The longer those two are out there on their own, who knows what they are going to get into. And Will is definitely not going to come back until he knows that Gwen is safe. You refuse to believe how much he loves her, Mom. He thinks he loves her. Okay, well, the point is he will not come back if she has any risk of going to jail. Do you want to lose Will, too? Like we lost Paul? Please. Please, Mom. Aunt Kim's right. Drop the charges. Henry. I want my money. Well, first you give me what I want and then I'll give you some of what you want. Some of what I want? I have close to a million dollars. No, actually, I've got it I'm so sick of being in cahoots with you, you know that? Well, too bad, I am too but we're stuck with each other. So what do you know? I'll tell you what. You give me a thousand of my dollars and I'll tell you what i know. Are you trying to get caught? No, I'm not trying to get caught. I just need the money Legally, that money still belongs to B.J. Green. And if you go around spending chunks of it, you're just going to get yourself in big fat trouble. I know how to be discreet. I'm just trying to save you from yourself. Now, tell me what you know about Emma? She is on her way here. Today is the day that Java gives food to the homeless. She is coming here to pick it up. Oh, that's good. That's very good is knowing Emma Snyder's schedule help you in the slightest? Because Emma's gon na can lead us to Meg and Meg is gon na lead me to Paul. Right. It's going to lead you, Emily. Just you. I'm done with this. We don't even know where Paul went after he left that cabin. For all we know, he's dead somewhere in the woods. Paul's not dead. I can feel it in my heart. And he's close, Henry. He's very close.  This room is it's probably not up to your standards, Mr. Pollock. But it's the best we've got. I hope its okay. (With-a-French-accent) It's perfect.  You've got your hot plate and some of that fancy tea you wanted. But the room is kind of small. (With-a-French-accent) Oh, no. The room suits my needs.  Which are? Very personal, 're kind of, well different from our other guests. What part of Europe are you from anyway? I've traveled extensively.  Well, isn't that something? And now you're here in Oakdale. Well, you're paying top dollar, so if there's anything you need Privacy. I require absolute privacy and discretion, yeah?  You bet. Nobody will know you're here. For what you're paying, I'll even forget you're here myself That's very funny, yeah. Do you have a newspaper for me?  Yes, sir. Local and Chicago papers right here. Okay, we're all set. I'll check on you later, Mr. Pollock. No you won't.  Eh? I do not wish to be disturbed right now or ever by anyone.  Right. No calls, no maid service, no interruptions. Got it. You a writer or something? (Paul-mumbles) . You're welcome, sir. Paul is probably long gone. No, Henry, he had weeks to get away, but he chose to stay locked up in that cabin. Recuperating from a gunshot. Paul's has lots of money and connections. He stayed because he chose to stay. I think there's something here he wants. You think that something is you? Why hasn't he contacted you since he knows that you know that he's alive? Because he's a fugitive. Yeah and he's probably a little perturbed that you tried to kill him, Emily, don't you think? You're not gon na give me my money unless I help you find Paul, are you? Not one red cent. Fine. Where do you think he would go? I think he's with Meg. Because she was with him. She was with him from the very beginning, right? And it makes planet. And you think they're together. Yes, they're definitely together. I don't understand why you want to find this guy. Let him runaway, Emily. Let him hide. Let him disappear. If he shows up, what happens? You get busted for trying to shoot him and you go away. And then you'll make a deal and the cops find out I got B.J .'s money and then I go away. Why can't you just let sleeping dogs lie? Because I can't, Henry. I need to find Paul. I need to know what he's planning. I need to know what he feels about me right now. How he feels? Sweetheart, he gave you the heave-ho on the way to the altar. No. No, don't you see? He was trying to do the right thing, Henry. He was trying to be generous. And he wasn't being cruel. You Okay, Emily. Here's the game plan, all right? When Emma shows up, we don't go near her. We don't approach her. Why? Why not? Because we don't want to tip her off that we're looking for Meg and drive Meg further underground. We don't speak. We watch. We watch. We follow. Follow. Or not. Emma, I'm so sorry. I'm so glad we bumped into each other. How are you, Emily? I'm awful. Actually, I'm really awful. And it's all because of Meg. What are you saying? Are you accusing my daughter of Oh, no No. I'm sorry. It's not what Meg's done to me, it's what I've done to her. And I promise you're the only one who can make it right. Of course I want Will Then drop the charges, Mom. When I go on the air, I can say there's no reason for Will and Gwen to run anymore. Will will think it's some kind of trick. No he won't. Jen will be very convincing. I mean, for heaven's sakes, she's going to be doing this on the air in front of thousands of witnesses. Even better, you could go in there with me. On camera? I can't do that. I just came from the hospital. Okay, so don't go on air. Just drop the charges If I drop the charges, then Gwen Norbeck is free to go out there and hurt somebody else. Mother, she is not a bad person. But I could've died, Jen Barbara, do you want your son back? Of course I do. Then it's worth it. No, it's for attacking me in my own home. I'm not going to drop those charges under any circumstances. Not even to save Will? If Will comes home still bound to that girl, I have not saved him. I've doomed him. No, no. If the only way to break her hold on my son is to get her sent to prison, then that's what I'm going to do. Just back off Hey, Will is not going to hurt you, okay? He just admitted to me that he tried to kill his mother He's got to like her a lot more than he likes me, okay? Maddie, you obviously don't know my mother. So why'd you do it? Why'd you hurt her? Will's mom does not like me, all right? She's been trying to break us up for a long time. Lately she's been completely off the charts her lose her job at the lake view. So you attacked her for revenge? No He didn't attack her. She fell. How? We might as well tell her everything. Okay, so, lately we've been homeless. I got this really, really stupid idea that Gwen tried to talk me out of. That I should steal money from my mother. What? It was a thousand dollars. She keeps it tucked away in case of an emergency. She wouldn't have even missed it. And Will was going to put it back as soon as we got on our feet. But she caught you? Yeah. Even though Gwen was totally against it, she came with me and then Mom came in and saw Gwen and then totally blew up and she started making all this noise about calling the cops. All I did was try and get the phone away from her and she fell and she hit her that why she doesn't remember? She remembers, all right. So then why is she trying to blame Gwen? She's lying, Maddie. That's how much she hates me. I don't understand. It's your word against hers, two against one. Why would the police believe her over you? ' Cause when I got fired from the Lakeview, I said some things. Like what? I told her that she would pay, and that I would make sure that it happened. Oh, boy. Yeah, I know. So it's going to be really hard for anybody to believe us, but i swear to you, Maddie, I didn't mean for anyone to get hurt. So will you help us? I don't know. If detective Hughes finds out that I saw you and didn't call, I could be an accessory. Hey, we don't want you to get head start here. Please, Maddie. Gwen did threaten Barbara. In public. Oh, so what? Jack, if I had a Nickel for every time somebody in this town wanted to kill Barbara Ryan, I'd be richer than she is. Where do you think Gwen will go? She's got no place to go, thanks to Barbara. She has no home. She has no job. And she can't come to me, can she? You're here. Well, I could leave. Sweetheart, I think you know what I mean. You're a cop, she's a kid. She and Will are running scared. We'll find her. Right. Right, well, then, let's go. I mean " we " the police, not " we " you and me. What, do you think, that I could just sit here and do nothing while my baby What else are you going to do? Drive up and down every street? Knock on every door? If that's what it takes Jack, she is my sister. If I don't help her, who will? Okay. All right. I'll help you. Thank you, Maddie. We're never gon na forget this. We won't ever say that we ran into you. We never saw you. You never saw us. Okay? Okay. Wait a minute It's daylight. Cops are still looking for you. Where are you going? We'll hide out somewhere for today and then buy a couple of bus tickets. Do you know what an APB means? Yeah, my father's chief of detectives. I know what it means. Then why would you go anywhere near a bus, or a train or a plane? That's the first place they're going to look. how will you get down there? Well, we could hide out here, at least until it gets dark. Okay, well, does anyone in your family know you come up here? Your mom or your sister? It wouldn't be the first place my dad or Jen would think of, but eventually. I mean, we need to get out of here. Yeah. Where are we gon na go? Okay, I know. Come on, follow me. Okay. Here you go. Here's my phone. Anybody else you know willing to help you, give them a call. I've been trying to reach Meg for the longest time, and I can't seem to find her, and I'm sick about it I owe her an apology. An apology for what? A few months ago, I had mentioned to my mother that I saw Meg with a bunch of medical supplies. It was after yes, yes, your mother told me. Oh, geez, I was afraid of that. I'm sorry. You must have been so worried. I can only imagine what you must have thought, that she as dealing drugs or stealing or something. And I couldn't have been more wrong. Did you find out what she was doing with those supplies? Oh, yes. Yeah, yeah, it was completely innocent. Oh, really? Yes, yes. She was just you know what? I can't say another word. I would really like to know. No, you know what? I've learned my lesson this time. I'm gon na keep my mouth shut, and I'm going to talk to myself. I really need to talk to her. Like I said, I owe her a huge apology. I'm sure she'll appreciate that, Emily. Well, see, the problem, and I have no idea where she is. She's not in town. Oh, where is she? She's in Puerto Vallarta. Oh, she's in Mexico? Mm-hmm, yes, she's having a lovely time. She called me this morning. Said she arrived safely. Oh, that's nice. She's vacationing. I hear it's really nice down there. Yes, so I hear. Excuse me. Val. I came by to pick up those food donations. I'll get them for you, Mrs. Snyder. So Emma, exactly where in Puerto Vallarta is Meg? You still have time to change your mind. That's not going to happen. Besides, I am sure that Will and Gwen are still in town somewhere, and if Will hears his sister What? I've got to go. Wait a minute. There's something I've 'll be back. Will, if you're listening, or if anyone who cares about my brother knows where he is and hears this, please call us as soon as possible. I'm certain that he and his friend, Gwen Norbeck, are still together. And I just don't want them to get into any further trouble. Which is what will happen if they continue to run from the police. Please, Will, please come home. I've already lost one brother, and that's been really hard for me, and I don't want to lose you, too, Will. And I know you think that you don't matter, but you do. You do. My son needs an uncle. I need my brother. I need my brother so much. So please, just come come back. Come back now. The thing about Maddie What, you don't trust her? She lives with Casey. What if Whoa, where's the party? I'm looking for a guest named Meg Snyder. She would she's there? Hello, my flower. If you have any information about my brother, Will, please call - Yeah, it's me. Listen, the timetable for what I require has become more pressing. Yeah. Much sooner than I had planned. Emma, if you could just tell me the name of the hotel down there, then I can talk to her. I'll call her today. In Mexico? Why? You have no idea how guilty I have felt these last few days. I really need to make amends with her. Listen, I'm really sorry, Emily. I'm afraid I can't help you. Yeah, but don't you think it would be better for Meg, you know? She can enjoy her vacation knowing all these horrible rumors are gone and are put hotel, that's it. I don't know it. I don't know it. She called me. She left a message. She told me she arrived safely, and that she was having a lovely time. I'm afraid I don't know where my daughter is staying in Puerto Vallarta. Can you guess? Listen, Emily, whatever it is that you have to say to my Meg is going to simply have to just wait. Here you go, Mrs. Snyder. Thank you so much. Oh, this is wonderful. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Ooh, so close. You just had to push it, didn't you? If she had known the name of the hotel that Meg was in, she would have told me. Yeah, it's too bad about that. Now, about that $1,000 you promised me. First we find Meg. How? Puerto Vallarta is not exactly and then get off the plane in Mexico and shout Meg's name. Which is a good thing, too, because as much as I love the sun, I don't think I want to be traveling with you right now. You're a little bit Stop it I don't want to find Meg just to find Meg, okay? I want to find Meg to get her to come back to Oakdale. Why would she leave 80 degree weather to come back here to the land of ice and cold? We'll think of something, okay? Emily No, we'll think of something. We switched the cell phones, right? So we know I mean, we can guess that they're not in contact with each other, right? Maybe he is with her. He is here. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot. You can feel him. So we bring her back to Oakdale, that Paul is going to make contact with her, and that brings me one step closer to Paul. Okay, let's just do a reality check here. Of all the gin joints in Puerto Vallarta, we have no idea which one Meg is in. Yes, but you can find anyone anywhere without a single clue. Oh, flattery will get you nowhere. How about a thousand bucks? Okay, get your phone. The daylight is burning. What if something bad happens, Jack? What if Gwen and Will get cornered, and some cop gets trigger happy Listen to me for a second. Will you listen to me? Hal is chief of police. Will is his son. There's not a cop on the force that's going to risk hurting either one of those kids. Okay? We'll find them. And then what will you do? You're going to arrest my sister, Jack? Carly 'll get a lawyer, and we'll prove that. But we can't do anything until we find them, except wait. Well, I hate waiting. Especially when I'm waiting for bad news or worse news. At least you get to go out there and do something. If I could stay here with you, I would. Cell phone ringing I would. Yeah, Nick, what's up? Sure. Can I call you back? Good. He needs more input on the gambling case. I got to go. That should be your case. You should be the one telling him what to do, not the other way around. I love you, too. I do. Which is why I need you to promise me something. When I leave here, I will leave you alone I will not go looking for Gwen. I promise. Because she might call me, or oh, come on, Gwen. Pick, boy, you got a lot of nerve showing up here. Are you hiding her? If anything happens to my sister because of you She will have brought it on herself. She attacked me in my own home She wouldn't attack a flea. She's a menace. And you are a lying, vindictive witch, so? Did Gwen come to you for help? I wish she had. Well, let me remind you of something. My son is still a minor. And things will go very badly for you if you help him leave town with her. Oh, Barbara, you got me quaking in my boots. Where do you think you're going? To search your house. I heard you had a concussion, Barbara. Would you like another? My son is talented, educated and intelligent. He has a future And I will not let your money grubbing sister drag him . What are you talking about? Concealing a fugitive. I'm sure that you have her here hidden right under your husband's nose. No, I wouldn't do that. Why? Make trouble for Jack? How many times have you asked him to break the law for you? Once, twice? Go to hell, Barbara This time, though, he won't be demoted. He'll be kicked off the force. And just think. You can form your own little merry band of desperadoes. You, you husband, and your harlot sister. You want me to hit you? Oh, I'd love that. Then you and Gwen can have adjoining cells. Just think of that. Think of what that will do for Jack's career. Oh, right. Thanks to you, he doesn't have one. Okay, here it is Your new hiding place. Metro? Maddie, this, isn't it great? Hey, it's locked up. How are we supposed to get in? There was a construction crew here we go. Must have left this here. Here you are. It pays to be a coffee addict. Since this place is right below Java, I've been scoping out what's going on around here. There have been guys in and out doing renovations, but no one's been here for at least a month, so I don't know. My guess is someone wanted to reopen it, and they ran out of money. And I don't know. But anyway, no one has checked up on it in a very long time. That's great. This might actually work. Yeah, and you guys bunk here for weeks, and no one will be the wiser. And you can come up with a really excellent departure strategy, and I will be the only one who knows. Okay, trying to remember the code. Huh? There was an alarm when some of my friends were running the place. So somebody opens this door, then The rent-a-cops will be here in like 30 seconds. I'm sorry. I should have thought of that. I didn't even Hey, what are you doing? If the alarm goes off, just run. This is my buddy. (Alarm-ringing) Oh, my God, save yourselves I'll just stay. I'll stay, and I'll No, its okay, Maddie. The alarm's supposed to do that until Will puts in the code. Okay. Well, what if they've changed the code. (Alarm-stops) You're a genius I don't know how to thank you. It was enough you not turning us in, but finding this amazing place to stay. It's a little Dusty. We're inside, and we're out . That's huge. I can do more. Maddie. No, really, I could be your link to the outside world. No, really, you've done enough. Please, this is nothing. I'll bring you food You guys must be starved from being on that roof all night. Okay, relax, sit here. I'll be back before you know it Well, we're hiding from the cops in a deserted bar. What do you think? Maybe now would be a good time to start drinking. Okay, what scam are you going to use this time, Henry? I don't know. Sweepstakes winner, a dead brother, a dead brother who is a sweepstakes winner. I have no idea. I'll play it by ear. Si, Senor? You certain you don't have a guest named Meg Snyder? It's really important. She's my sister and our Madre, senor. No? No. Okay, well, here, we got a few more. Try this. All this lying is making me thirsty. Why can't we do this at a nice bar? Because I need you focused and clear-headed, not three sheets to the wind. Chimichanga. Hola Hola. Senor, I'm looking for a guest named Meg Snyder. She's there? No, no, no, no, I don't want to patch me through to her. No, I don't want you to patch me through. If you could actually get a message to her. Can you write this down, please? Can't communicate the same way. Situation critical. Come back immediately. Thank you so much. Gracias, thank you. Thank you. Hasta la vista, baby. You are so good. I'm great. So are you. Well, thanks. But see, I lie because it's a way of life. Maybe it was fate that brought us together in the woods that day, Henry. Yes, that has distanced me from my fortune. Speaking of which Oh, sure. Here's 20 bucks. Don't spend it in one place. I have not destroyed Jack's career. Say that three times while clicking your ruby slippers, and it might come true. Jack is still a cop. He was one of the best detectives on the force, on the fast track to lieutenant. And what is he doing now? He's a part-time desk jockey moonlighting as a security guard. I will get his old job back. You'll see. Give it up, Carly. Give it up. Jack's career is down the tubes, all because he had the misfortune of falling for you. Well, I'm not going to let your sister do that to my son, because, I will make sure she never comes near my son again. I'm not going to let some little guttersnipe ruin Will's life the way you ruined Jack's. Jack will be fine. I'm going to You're going to what? Get him back on top? Yeah. Oh, God help him. Because your help always backfires. Oh, but you know, while you're helping Jack, why don't you help Gwen? It'll only bring her a world of hurt. Get out Get the hell out of here Barbara My wife asked you to leave. You know, Jack, I am so worried about Will. And now I'm asking you. Go. What did she say to you? She was just being her normal hateful self. It doesn't matter. It looks like it matters. Honey, I know you're still concerned about Gwen. But don't let Barbara Okay. You won't go looking for Gwen? No, Jack. I can't help Gwen now. At least now for now, and I I have to learn to accept that there are certain things that I can not change. You running a fever or something? But I will change the things I can. And those are? Well, just me for starters. I will be a better wife for you, Jack. I will. You deserve it, and I will do anything for you. I know, baby. I know that. Hey, and for the record, they don't come any better than you. What? I'm going to make a few phone calls, okay? Okay. I'll be right back. Hi, this is Tiffany. I'm sorry about before. I just wanted to let you know that I can definitely come into work tonight. You done with a little time before you have to go to the station? Baby, I'm not going to the station today. I know you're still upset about Gwen, so I'm taking the day off. You are? Mm-hmm. I'm also taking the night off from work. What? I'm spending the day and night with my beautiful bride. Oh, no, no, no, Jack You can't do that Hey, this gets better and better. There's some canned food left behind from when they closed. It's gon na be good. What is it? Nothing, I'm just I'm thinking about Maddie. Yeah, it's pretty amazing how she came through for us, huh? Yeah. What, you don't trust her? Her, yeah. She lives with Casey. What if he finds out she's trying to help us? Yeah, is on that? Ham, salami, mortadella, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, mushroom, pepper. Wow, that sounds like it can last for days. Not that I'm saying that I'm going to make it last for days. It's just a really big sandwich. That's why they call it the hungry man's special. Okay. Well, then, I will take two of those, plus bag of potato chips, tortilla chips. What else? Cole slaw, please, plus the donuts, the four coffees, and the four hot chocolates. And a partridge in a pear tree. Hey, oh, it's only me, little sis. Hey, man. Sorry, I didn't see you there. Madeline Coleman, are you okay? Of course. Mm-hmm. Why do you look like I just caught you robbing a savings and loan? If there was a problem, you would have a problem. I've read about this. The prettiest girl in school, people think she doesn't have a care in the world, and then you find out she has a deep, dark secret, and the next thing you know, her family puts her in a hospital. Oh, my God, Henry, do you think I have a eating disorder? Two hungry man specials? They're not for me. Who are they for, then? Casey asked me to pick up some stuff for him and his friends. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was trying to figure out what you look so guilty about. I'm not guilty. That's what I say to the judge when he asks me how do I plead. All right. Okay. You take care of yourself. I will. Bye. Okay, here you go. Thank you so much. you for putting this together so quickly. Whoa, where's the party? That's a lot of food for a small person, Maddie. What's all the food for? What's going on? Bye. Any word? We had a couple of dozen calls. People who think they saw Will or Gwen. It's going to take a while to follow up on all of them. I was hoping Will would call. I know, honey. Me, too. Everything all right? We'll see. Okay, you two. I'll call if there's any news. Thank you. Thanks for everything, Kim. Yeah. Well, how did it go? Who knows? Maybe Will heard the message, maybe he's ignoring us, maybe he's already left town, left the state. Where did you go? Looking for your brother. We'll find him, honey up. Mom, I really wish that you would listen to Aunt Kim. I really would reconsider. You know, honey, I just don't want to talk about this right now. I have a headache. Do you want me to call the doctor? No, no, I'm okay. I'm sure it'll pass. Don't worry about me. I mean, Gwen hit me so hard. I mean, I could have been in a coma. I'll get you something. No, no, I'm fine. I'm just gon na go lay down. Okay? Okay, well, I have to run some errands, some things I need to get for Johnny, but I'll check back, see if there's any word. Thanks. Madame-Lacoste Oh, you're that sweet girl who was just on the television with that appeal Oh, I hope you got some good news. Not . I sometimes get these feelings. And I'm having one now. It's about your brother. Are you saying that know what happened to Will? Madame-Lacoste No, not Will. The other one. The older one. You do have another brother, right? Paul? Yeah, I did. Madame-Lacoste You're grieving for him now. Only What? Madame-Lacoste Your grief, my dear, your grief is misguided On the next " As the World Turns. " Why don't you tell me why you really don't want me staying home tonight? Police-officer Hotel P.D. open the door. By Ms. Lacoste. Looks like that lady upset you. Jenny, what's going on? 
All right, you guys stay buckled up, I'll be right back. Hello? Hi, Emma? Hey. Hi. I thought you'd be at work. No, not tonight. You're back from Montana? Yeah yeah, just now. I checked my messages on the way back into town and I heard about Lily. So, I just stopped to see if Emma had any news. No, Emma's at the hospital. I was there until a little while ago. So you saw Lily? Yeah. A coma, I just can't believe it. Yeah. The baby's okay, that's the good news. But, the longer this goes on, the more that it becomes a problem. Right. Well, I will go I will go to the hospital tomorrow morning to see her. And how's Holden? I can't imagine how he must feel. takes a lot to get him out of there, you know? And the girls? They're here. They're here. I told Emma I'd watch them, so Oh nice. All right, um, I should get our troupe home. Did they have fun? Yeah yeah, I think they did. I'm sure they'll tell you all about it. You know, if you want to come and see them and ask for yourself, you can, you know  Dad A little too late. We saw a moose You saw a moose?  Yeah, we touched it. What about you, Pumpkin? Did you see a moose? Now, what happened to staying in the car?  We had to go to the bathroom. Yeah, right. Just for a minute, have? I'm outnumbered. So good to see you. (Mike-laughs) Sorry. Yeah, it's all your fault. It is my fault, I booked this cruise. Hey, look, look, look you're paying for it now, all right? Well, it was a good idea on paper. Glass breaking I hope you didn't want those. No, no, no more drinks. The smell is even making me just You gon na be sick? No, I'll be fine. Why don't you go up and get some air? And leave you here to clean up all this mess? Oh, it's fine. It's fine. If you're sick, the best thing to do is go get some air. Okay? Okay. Go. I'm hungry, do you think dare to speak to me about food, I swear I will lose my lunch. Not in here, okay? Not in here again in there.  I can't move. All right, just hang tight, all right? I'm gon na go find you some drugs.  Really? Yeah, there's got ta be some kind of medication for motion sickness on board this boat. Just lie still.  I am lying still, it's this damn boat that won't stop moving. Hey, hey, kiddo. Hey, what's up? What's up? Nothing. Nothing. You had to see me right away for nothing? No, it's not trouble or anything, everything's fine. Okay. It's about this summer. What are we going to do? What? Well, this is a very don't know. I thought you would stay here and get a job one of us should, right? Or or we can travel. We can go away. What? Just travel. Hop in the limo and go. Maddie, have you seen gas prices lately? No. Then we'll hitchhike around Europe. I don't do the bandanna backpack thing. How about Monte Carlo? If we wear the right clothes, we'll pass ourselves off as Euro-trash and we'll hit the roulette tables. Haven't you always wanted to gamble in Monte Carlo? Maddie, what is this? I want to travel. I want to see the world. Isn't that normal for my age? Yeah, but you never said a peep about it before. This is about Casey Hughes, isn't it? Hey. What's up? Hey hospital. Why, what's wrong with her? Pneumonia. I guess she was having a pretty hard time breathing. By the time Will and I got here, Dusty had taken her to the hospital already. Who was with Johnny? Will's brother and Meg Snyder. So I sent them off and I'm here with this little guy. Well, I hope it's over soon so Jen can come home. Yeah, me too. What are you doing at the Lakeview? Did you come by to see Maddie? I tried. I went to my grandma's. But she wasn't there. The guy at the desk said he hadn't seen her either, so I guess she didn't come back here. From where? Case what, did Maddie take off on you again? Kinda. She broke up with me. What? Yeah. is some kind of mistake. Jennifer can't be sick. She never gets sick.  Bob wouldn't have said what he did if they weren't sure it was serious. Yeah, Bob didn't need to make it sound like Jennifer wasn't going to make it ,' cause that's just not possible. My sister is not going to die Would you please keep your voice down? Your sister could hear you in there. And Will is scared to death. Would you just be a big brother, Paul? Barbara? Okay, Sweetheart. Let it go. Let it go, darling. Dusty? It's time we move Jennifer. Okay, what do you suggest? We could send her home. What do you mean? With a nurse. There's very little more we can do for her here. We can give her heart meds through I.V ., breathing her. I don't want you to give up on her. We have to discuss the alternatives. Don't give up on her. I'm not giving up on her. It's her heart. No, Jennifer is not going home Honey? Why don't you want me to come home Of course I want you home, Red. As soon as you're well. Dusty? Don't do that again. Jennifer and I have to discuss her options. No. Honey Hold on, baby, one second. She's awake, she's alert, she's capable of making her own decisions. Do you want me to lie or to tell you the truth? I've got a code, I've got to go. We're not going anywhere. I'll be back to talk, he had something. I want to come home. I miss Johnny. He misses you. But you got ta stay here until you're 100%. But if Uncle Bob says I could go No, no, no. We're not gon na rush this time. I want you to take a nap, okay? You need to rest. I'm going to go make some calls. Johnny? I'm going to check on him. And I'm going to get you another doctor, okay? Why? Because I want to make sure you get well. But, honey, Uncle Bob's the best. Around here he is, but I want to find you a specialist. Why? Because I love you. That's why. I'll handle it. Okay? Everybody wants to see you. Or you could sleep. Sleep sleeping now. Listen, I'm going to find someone who can handle this situation a specialist. Okay? You'll stay with her? Of course I will. Don't say anything to her about what Bob said, okay? He's wrong, Dusty. You bet he is. I think you should call Lucinda. She's got the clout to get somebody here fast. And we need fast. We can't afford the time to sit around and wait for a consultant. I know, I know. Stay tough. Do you need a few minutes to collect yourself before we go in? No, I don't. I'm okay. Do I look positive? You look beautiful. You look like a mother who loves her daughter very much. And that's what Jen needs right now. You can do it. Hey. Go back to sleep, Do they? Maybe it's because they know that if you're rested, you'll be feeling a little stronger. Why does Dusty want another doctor? Well, he's just being a protective male, honey. And believe me, I'm not going to argue with Dusty Donovan when he's in papa bear mode. So let him bring in all the specialists, okay? All the specialists he wants. Mom? What's wrong with me? Well, for one thing, you're really run down. You're really run down, honey. Which is why everyone wants you to sleep and to rest. Let other people take care of you, okay? We're not talking about just pneumonia anymore. We're talking about something else. It's not really clear yet what's wrong, Jen. Hey, come in. Both of you. Hi. No, I don't think so. Because I don't think we can stand any arguing today. I promised your fianc you'd rest. What is it that nobody wants to tell me? Hey, I don't want to pry or anything, but you know, something had to have happened. Was it when you guys I mean, did you hook up? No. We were going to, and then she changed her mind. And you got upset with her? No I told her that I was fine with whatever. I don't I don't know, maybe she just felt pressured. Yeah, that's me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. I'm sorry. She was the one who pushed this, not me. Look, I'm sorry. I'm just trying to figure this out. Because I don't She was so intense. Maddie's always intense. No, she went from kissing me one minute to then telling me that she never wanted to see me again, ever. I mean, who does that, Gwen? It was like you know in a movie where a guy's got a gun against another guy's back and he's telling him what to say? Yeah. It was like that. Like it was her, but it wasn't. So you think that somebody else made Maddie break up with you? No I don't I don't know And now she won't even talk to me. You tried? Like, five messages an hour. Really? Almost. (Gwen-sighs) Okay. Okay, maybe I can help. I guess I'm just I'm too young to have a steady boyfriend. say that? Yeah, you think so, too. Yeah, I think so, too. I'm your big brother You on the other hand have been known to consider yourself a woman of the world What do you think, I'm some tramp? I'm not No, I don't think no, nobody's saying that. Maddie, over here. Come here. Look me in the eye. Hey What's going on with you? Nothing I just broke up with someone, I don't feel like sticking around being reminded of it every ten seconds, that's all. Okay, okay. Maybe you should go home for the summer. No That is the worst thing I can do.  What's for dinner? Well, that kind of depends on your mom. I was just going to grill some dogs for your cousins. Well, I was intending to make you spinach and gruel.  Gruel?  No way  Dad, save us You know, it really would be good for Natalie and Faith to have a distraction. Of course, it's up to you. Well, the kids can stay. That's okay with me. But I should go. Okay. Well, then leave them and I'll run by the house later. You want to take care of five children? Why not? Sure. Hey, Faith, look who's here You're back  Yeah, I rode a moose.  Nuh-uh, don't believe him. He's making it up.  No, I'm not. Hey, guess what? Cooties Cooties back They're all yours. You know, on second thought Okay. Okay. All right. You shouldn't be up here. I need air. Not out here, you don't. It's too dangerous. Please, come back inside. Come on If it was that dangerous, they would've closed the deck. Fair enough. Just don't look at the waves, it'll make it worse. You're making it worse. Come on, am I really still that much of a threat? Please leave. What? Please, just leave me alone. All right. Fine. Whoops. Whoa I'm burnin' up baby You are unbelievable You were just leaving Hey, I want to leave. But I just don't think you want me to. Trust me, I do. Okay, all right, okay. Then riddle me me, why did you try to scare Vienna away? Huh? It's my civic duty. Even someone like Vienna doesn't deserve to be robbed blind by you. You were worried about her? That's really sweet. I'm trying to be the bigger person. Or just maybe you don't like seeing me with someone else. What? Yeah, I'm just saying, I still think there's a little something between us. Admit it. Thank you.  You I'll give you $500 to get me some medicine to get rid of this sea sickness. Really?  Get it here in five minutes and I'll double it You look a little green.  That is so not my color. Have you seen Simon? No.  He was supposed to get me some medicine. If you promised him it.  Oh, my God, we're going down No, no, we're not going down. It's just fine.  That's what they said about the titanic. And the next thing we know, there's gon na be lifeboats and fat, brave women with tiaras and Celine Dion, she'll start pounding her chest and Easy.  Oh, my God. Oh, God, I'm gon na get sick No, no, no, no, no. Whoa, not there, not there, not there In here In here Bye, good-bye. Good-bye. Be good, okay? Can you manage to do that?  Yeah. Thank you.  I want to grill.  Yeah, me, too. No, no, no. I am the grill master. Here, you take the dogs. . Oh, I forgot your sister. Hey, hey, would you mind if Sage watched a video with you and Natalie? Oh, great. Bye, Sweetheart. Are you going to see my mom? Yes, I will see her tomorrow. She's still in the hospital. I can't see her. Well, from what I hear, she's still sleeping. For a long time. Yeah. Why is she so tired? I don't know. I think the doctors will have to figure that one out. When is she going to wake up? Oh, boy. That's another question that I don't know the answer to. Aren't you supposed to? You're a grown-up. Yeah, but the thing is, sometimes even grown-ups don't have all the answers. That's kind of scary, is of Natalie, haven't you? She's a pain. Sometimes sisters are. And sometimes they're the best. Hey, I have a good idea. What? Why don't you and I go get manicures tomorrow? We'll leave Sage and Natalie with our sitter and we'll have kind of a girls' day. Girls rule Yeah Yes, we do. And after our manicures, we'll go and get your mom a little present. And the baby in her tummy? Well, yeah, if that's what you want. Sure. Now how would you like to go play with those boys? Yeah. Yeah. So, how's it going? Not as good as in here, apparently. She asked you about Lily? Yeah, unfortunately, I don't have a single answer. You were great. don't. Please. Stay. You okay? Okay? What would that look like? Darned if I know. Well, is there anything at all I can do for you, darling? Make it all go away? Oh, my dear, would that I could. There's your dad. I know I should feel better, having all of us here, but it's just like it's like without Jen, there's no family. I don't want to hear that kind of talk from you. Your family needs you, now more than ever. Now, you got that? I just got word that Jennifer's back in the hospital. What happened? She's going to be okay. She's going to be all right. Tell me. It's it's bad. Dusty won't tell me what's . So I want you to tell me. There's nothing going on, Jen. Okay, are you are you really going to stand there and lie to me now?  Do you want me to get Bob? I think that he had an emergency. Okay, I want to see my chart.  What? Jennifer I know that I am allowed to see my own chart. Please  You know, you really need to talk to a doctor so he can explain everything. Really, well, how about a nurse? You're a nurse, Meg, if you if you know what's going on, it's your responsibility to tell me. I want to know. What does that mean? In English.  The virus that gave you pneumonia inflamed your heart, caused it to enlarge. You've developed what we call cardiomyopathy. So what does it do?  Your heart has lost its pumping mechanism and its ability to transmit electrical conduction. Your heart failure has caused your body to start shutting down. What's the treatment?  You know, Jen, you really need to talk to your doctor. Meg, how do they cure it?  They can't. Coming up on " As the World Turns " Come back to the rails now Okay Just leave What's this?  I asked them to come in. Well, the party's over. So, come on, get out of here. But I'm on antibiotics.  Yeah, to eliminate any secondary infection you might develop. But antibiotics won't cure the virus. And they won't undo your damaged heart. I was fine. Uncle Bob even said I could go never get better? Because I could never get better? Nobody's saying that. Look, we're getting a second opinion. Dusty's contacting specialists. Nobody is giving up, Jennifer. Don't you give up. Thank you. How is this right? It's not right. But it's true. We are going to find a treatment. Dusty's calling specialists. We're going to do everything we have to do. Yeah. Oh, my God our little girl How does this happen? I don't know, I don't know. But we can't lose her. We can't lose her. If you want to get away from Casey, maybe home isn't such a bad idea. Everybody ignores you there, right? Right? So you have more freedom than you have here. You can do anything you want. and you'll have forgotten all about Casey. I'll never forget Casey. Well, then why'd you break up with him? I had to. Why? Because it just it wasn't working. Hey, it's me, okay? The guy you can talk to, the guy you can tell anything to. Yeah, I remember. Then why are you clamming up, kitten? If there's a problem, I can help. You want to help? Take me to Paris this summer. Maddie, I told you, I can't Then you can't help I'm gon na talk to her. I mean, if you don't mind. It's a free country. I'm just gon na, you know, ask how things are with the two of you. I'm not going . Because I don't know what's going on. I'll just check in and maybe she can tell me why she decided that you guys should break up. She won't because there is no explanation. Yeah, no girl could ever want to get away from you. Later. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. That was a joke. It was lame. I'm sorry. The truth is, I don't understand why she would want to get away. But there has to be a reason. And, you know, maybe she can tell me what she can't tell you. You think maybe it's a girl thing? I think, maybe it's something that she thinks you could never understand. Like with Will. I had no idea that he was having so much trouble in school. You know, so he could tell jade and they get him expelled. But, you know, he couldn't tell me, and that almost wrecked us. But you guys are back together, you know? So could you and Maddie. Wait, what's up? You want my necklace? What, are you hungry? Yeah, yeah? You want to go to him? Hey, can you hold him while I fix his bottle? You can handle the kids by yourself. Of course I can. That wasn't what I I just wanted to say thank you. I didn't know what to say to Faith. I just plopped her down in front of a video. But you, you always know what to say. Come on, stay for dinner. You're just afraid of the dishes. If we get that far.  Dad, hurry up, we're starving Okay, I'm coming Hold on a, you know? Even five. Yeah, well, welcome to my Tuesdays and Thursdays when it's our crew and the Lebos. Okay, all right. So but you handle it, right ?' Cause you're such a pro. Girls rule. Boy, you are desperate. Yes, I am. So, please, stay and help me. Please? All right. If you have an extra dog for me. Of course. Thank you. Hey  That one was broken. I told you stay away from the grill Please  That one was broken, too. What the heck You know, this one looks this one looks Do you Isn't that really funny No, it is. It's kind of funny. Not as funny as this, however. (Carly-screams) That is very, very funny. I love that one. What do you think of that? Here, take that, too. You, too Take that, all of you That is gross That is so gross Let's go get a cup of coffee, all right? Give you a second to breathe before you go in and see her. Come on All right, all right. Nicely done. You've been a big help to your folks. Think so? I know so. I got ta go see Gwen. I haven't told her yet. And she's taking care of Johnny. Well, you go ahead. I'll let your folks know. Okay. Okay? You did good. Nothing's good today. The important thing now is that you rest to get your strength back. You think about your baby 's fine. Johnny's fine, Jen. I'm sure he wants you to fight. You're right. I have to stay strong for Johnny. I need to make plans. What's this? I asked them to come in. Well, the party's over. So, come on, get outta here. Get outta here, before I throw you out. Oh, look at me, I'm orange. There you go.  Ketchup and mustard.  Red and yellow make orange. Oh, good, I'm a science experiment. More like an art project. All right, well, enough is enough. Do we have any food left to eat? I saved the dogs. You want to go get cleaned up? Yes, thank you. Oh, lovely. Simon, please, grow up . Are you? Yes Okay. Mike is an incredible man. He treats me like a queen, okay? He's perfection All right, well, this perfection is never going to see you again unless you step back from the rails. Please, come back I will, when you leave. Will you please come back from the rails now? Okay, just leave Katie Katie screaming Katie Katie Katie Katie, can you hear me? Anybody Woman overboard Help Katie Better?  I need to lie down. Okay, great idea. Just do that right over here.  You're no fun. All right, I got ta go find Katie.  If you see Simon, tell him I need drugs. Something tells me he's heard that before was it. Iceberg. There are no icebergs.  Wan na bet? The engine room's probably flooding as we speak. The happy peasants in steerage are trying to save their accordions and their little bundles of clothes. Okay, just take a break from your imagination for a second, okay? Oh, you've got ta be kidding me.  What? The door's jammed. So what do you want on your dog? (Johnny-crying) Hey, buddy. Hey oh, you're okay. Hey, what, is he getting a little antsy? A little. Time to eat, dude. Can I? What? Feed the baby? Yeah, can I try? Sure. Sure, yeah. Ooh, you got it yourself. Is this okay? Yeah. Hold it up a little. Yeah, just Man This could've been us. If things had been different, this would've been our life. (Maddie-screams)  I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You should be  What, are you always this jumpy? Yeah, well, when someone  Look, this it needs to stop. You do know that, right? We need to talk about what happened. Dusty, come on. You really want to have a fight in Jennifer's hospital room? I wanted them here. I understand, Sweetheart. But it's time for them to go now. We'll be right outside. Thank you. Both of you. They were saying things they shouldn't have been saying. I can see it in your face, Red. No I just had some questions. It's okay. There's a to us, I think its best we go to him. I don't want to go anywhere. We can't wait, Red. We can't Because there's no time left for me? What are you talking about? Listen to me. I'll tell you what I really want. Name it. I want to be married. Will you marry me? Next week on " As the World Turns " I promise, I'm gon na get us out of this, okay? Don't make me any promises, just get me to a beach.  Please Let go of me Hey, what's going on? I love you, more than anything in the world. And I'm never gon na let you go. 
This door won't open. It's really jammed.  Make it stop What, the storm?  Whatever I hate it when the floor moves. Just lie down and close your eyes, then.  Not without something to hold onto. Lie down with me. No, are you kidding me? Katie's up on the deck. I've got to go find her.  Forget about Katie. She's probably up there in the lounge with Simon drinking one of those Australian beers he's so devoted to. You know he told me that the bubbles would settle my stomach? Do you believe it? Oh, my God, I need my medication Open that door, Cupcake, or this is not going to be pretty. Grab on Hold on. Where's the boat? Turn around. No Wait, wait We're over here They're never going to hear Katie We're going to die No, we're not. Yes, we are. No, we're not. How can you say that? We're in the middle of the ocean in the middle of a storm in the middle of the night. This is all your fault. My fault? What? I'm supposed to be on my honeymoon, and instead, I'm in the water and Mike's on the boat and I'm never going to see him again No, I hate you. Well, that's just too bad, all right ?' Cause right now, I'm all you've got. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to walk in on you. It's okay. I'm just trying to clean out this shirt. I'm really sorry. It's all right. The kids ruined, potato chips in my hair. I don't want to talk about what happened in Chicago. I thought I made that clear.  Look, I understood why it was hard for you to talk to me. Oh, so what, you'd just follow me to Oakdale like a stalker?  I didn't follow you. Oh, right, it's just a coincidence that you ended up on this roof. You can forget it. I don't want to talk to you. So you can just forget it, go home. Okay? Go home.  Well, I left Chicago. I live here now. And I'm working for the Oakdale PD. Is this okay? Yeah. Hold it up a little. Just the bottle. He does it mostly himself. Man This could've been us. If things had been different, this would've been my wife. Alone. I still don't understand. How can a healthy young woman with everything to live for how can she die from complications of pneumonia? Isn't there something you can do? All we can do is keep her comfortable. Her heart failure is not reversible. And her other organs are starting to fail. So get her on a transplant list. She can have my liver, my heart whatever It's too late. I'm sorry. Honey, what happens now? Well, Dusty wants Jennifer to stay here at the hospital. I've honored that request. We'll move her to a private room as soon as one's available. Bob, how long does she have? I don't know. Not long. Will you marry me? Of course I'll marry you. I'm gon na bankrupt your mom and dad in make plans. I don't want to wait. I want to marry you now. Don't be scared. Be brave, okay? Remember that doctor I told you about in Texas? They have an experimental treatment Is this your way of telling me you don't want to marry me? I want you to get well first. I want Johnny to know that his parents were married. Of course he's going to know. He's my best man. Why are you arguing with a sick woman? Because I want you to save all your strength to beat this thing to get better. I have waited so long to be your wife. Please don't fight me on this. Just say that you'll marry me, as soon as possible. Thanks for helping me out with Johnny. Sure, no problem. Hey, Will, I hope about Maddie. I'm going to talk to her. Let me know. What's going on? How's Jen? She's dying. I'm sorry, what? She's gone into heart failure. I thought she had pneumonia. Yeah, that's what they thought at first, but now it's turned into something different. I don't have all the details, but Uncle Bob said that she's not going to make it. You don't know what to say, I know. No one does. But I had to come tell you. I don't believe it. It doesn't make any sense. You know, she's the good one. My mom and Paul and me, we all do these terrible things, and we're all just fine. And Jen, she just got Johnny back, and her and Dusty were gon na get married. It was unfair. It should've been me. You know, after what I've done, I should be the one in the hospital. No, Will, don't say that. You don't understand. She's the only one she's the only person that's ever been in my life to take care of me. She's dying and there's nothing I can do. (Both-weeping) No, she's not the only one you can count on. But she's my sister. I'm sorry. I'm sorry it hurts so much. You live here now? You quit the Chicago P.D.?  Yeah. Well, then you are way out of your jurisdiction. You have no authority to follow me or question me about the about anything.  You still can't even say the words? The incident, okay?  You were sexually  Maddie, look look, I'm sorry. I just want you to know that I didn't follow you here. I was just as surprised to see you as you were to see me. Yeah, like I believe that one.  Maddie, I left the city because I was tired of being in Chicago. I wanted to work in a smaller town. My aunt just suggested Oakdale. Oh, and did she also suggest you hide outside my boyfriend's house and ambush me?  I was there to see a colleague Detective Hughes. You better not plan on telling her about me.  I would never This is not your problem, it never was. And if you mention this to anybody anything that happened to me  I don't know what happened, Maddie. You refused to tell me. There's nothing to tell.  Yeah, well,n't come here looking for you, all right? But when I saw you outside the Hughes' place, it all came back. How you looked the night that I found you. How scared you were. Look, I took you to the hospital, remember? I promised you that I'd find the creep that hurt you. And you promised me that you'd tell me what happened. But then you ran away. You left Chicago, you left the hospital. And you've been running ever since. I'm not running. I'm trying to live my life.  Yeah, well, if that were true, you wouldn't be afraid to talk to me. You need to stand up for yourself and put this guy away. What are you doing? I'm cleaning you up. You're wearing half a picnic. I'm going to need a shirt to put on. You can borrow one okay. You know, my bag is out in the car. If you could get it for me, I have some shirts in there. That's all you need? Yeah, Jack, just a shirt. That's it. Okay. Hey, is anybody out there? We need some help in here  I don't think anyone cares. Hey, just a little help The door's jammed  No one can hear you. And it seems like Simon and Katie have deserted us, so we might as well just make the best of it. How do you suggest we do that?  Why don't we start by making a deal? Lucky for you, I've got a lot of money. Name your price. For what?  Just get me back on to dry land. You can have anything you want. Vienna screams Or we could, get off me.  I don't think you understand. I don't do water, unless it's very hot and very shallow. That's not my problem.  Well, I didn't make the rain. I don't even like rain. I'm a sun person, okay? Wait I can't swim Katie. Katie. What? Sing us a song. Sing you a song? Yeah, yeah. It'll cheer us both up. Sing a song. The only thing that would cheer me up is that boat coming back and getting me and leaving you here. Well, that's not very nice. After all, who jumped in and saved you. Me. Husband number one. You are not husband number one. Well, that's good. Good. Keep yelling at me. You're getting some color back so we can get the hell out of here. Yeah, and how are we going to do that? We swim to the nearest island. I know where due west yes, an island. Oh, another island Please, we have both had our share of islands. I'm not going to another island with you. Really? I'm just gon na have to leave you here with the sharks, huh? That's too bad, because you have such pretty legs. Ow I really hate you So what's it going to be, Kate? Don't call me that. God, you're so irritable when you're wet. I'm not irritable, I'm scared. I'm not going to let anything happen to you, I promise. The only way I'm going to get back alive and well is if I 'm sure the coast guard's been called by now. There's gon na be helicopters overhead any minute. And I'm going to be right here waiting. As you've pointed out before, it's the middle of the night, the middle of the storm in the middle of the ocean in the middle of the night. It could take hours before they realize we're gone. And then they're going to have to mobilize, retrace their route and then hope that we haven't been eaten, drowned or blown so far off course they'll never find us. We're going to die. No. I'm never going to see Mike again. We are not going to die if you'd just start kicking those pretty little legs of yours, all right? Now stop whining and start kicking. It's Mike or the sharks, babe. It's up to you. Go. Don't try and just trying to catch a bad guy so you can get a promotion. This isn't your case anymore.  This isn't about the case, Maddie. This is about you. Look, I'd only been a cop a couple of months a couple of months when I found you that night. And okay, yeah, maybe I got a little too involved. But your face I'll never forget. And I'm not going to let you ruin your life. Ruin my life? I'm happy. I left Chicago, for your information, to be with my brother. I go to a great private school. I get straight as every semester. I have lots of friends, a terrific boyfriend  Yeah, well, does he know about what happened to you? No. Why should he?  Well, you see, in my experience, it's kind of hard to get close to people when you're know me? You just know that something bad happened to me once. That doesn't give you the right to tell me how to live my life.  Maddie, look, I know how hard it is to stand up to someone who scares you. But that creep? Whatever he did to you, he took something from you, Maddie. He took your innocence, your ability to trust people. Now, are you just going to let him get away with that? Get out of my way.  Maddie, please Let go of me Hey, what's going on? When you get better, then we can have any kind of wedding you want. I want a simple ceremony. Just you and me. Our closest friends and our family. And I want it as soon as possible. Jenny Please? Before we run out of time. We're I don't know why this is happening, but we have to accept it and try to make something good come out of it. Of course. I'm never giving up on you, Red. I don't want you to give up on me ever. But that means that we have to be honest, no matter how much it hurts. Because if we don't get the chance to say all the things that we want to say You want me to be honest, Red? Don't be negative. Because that invites trouble. We get you well and we go home. We get you well and we go home, Red. That's the plan. What about what I want? You don't want to talk about the future, okay. So what about right now ?' Cause right now, I want to be your wife. Jenny Please. Are you going to argue with me can't win this one. Make me happy. If getting married right now makes you happy, let's do it. Coming up on " As the World Turns " You deserve the best. No, I don't, Casey. I'm not who you think I am. I'm not. Wait, Simon Hey Promise me that you will always be in his life. (Dusty-sighs) What, is this a cop thing? No, of course not.  I'm sorry I upset you, Maddie. I won't let it happen again. What was all that? Nothing. Maddie, come on, I find you toe to toe with a cop up here? And look at you, you're upset. So, are you in trouble? No, of course not. Then what was he grilling you about Maddie, I heard you yell at the guy. We were just talking, okay? About what? It's not important. Earlier, you told me you didn't even know the guy. Obviously, that's not true. So something's going on and I want to know what it is. This is none of your business, okay? You're not my boyfriend anymore, remember? We broke up. Yeah. You found the bag. Yes, I did. Thank you. Well, thanks. I can take it from here. Right. I should probably check on the kids anyway. Oh, damn. This necklace is caught on something. Just when I was about to lose hope. You really mean it? You'll marry me now? You know I will. Thank you. And my family. I want them there. Of course. Of course. Sorry, I'll come back. No, Daddy. Come in. I want to talk to you. You have work to do. Yes, ma'am. How's my beautiful girl? Happy. Daddy, we're getting married. Oh, Sweetheart. That's wonderful. He wanted to see his mom. And she wants to see him. Your mom and I are getting married. Oh, Dusty. If that's okay with you, Bob. It's fine. I'll talk to the staff and get things set up. Maybe the hospital chaplain She wants everyone there the whole family. Let me do something, okay? Let me get some flowers, a dress for her. (Dusty-sighs) This is a wonderful I would do anything in the world for you. Is there anything you need or want? Not much. Just us the family. Yeah, I know. It's just impossible to accept this, isn't it? For somebody so young and vibrant. Somebody we all love so much to have to lose her without any warning. Hey, hey. Hey, look at me. We're not losing her. We're not losing her. She's going to beat it. I know she is. Have I told you lately that you're a wonderful father and man? Oh, it was all you. You're just so easy to love. Not always. But you accepted me as your own anyway, even though I wasn't. Details. Will you give me away? I would be honored. Hi, Sweetie. He wanted to . It was Gwen's idea. Yeah, Will snuck him in. But Dr. Bob said it was okay. You know, he's always reminded me of you. See? I'm always telling him that. It's not so much that you look alike. It's the expressions. Exactly. And his sweetness. He's so lucky to have you as his uncle. Will, could you get me some water? Sure. How's he doing? Not good. But he'll be okay. Of course he will. He's got you. You've been such a blessing, Gwen. No. Yes. You're such a wonderful woman, and I really love you and I'm so proud that you're my sister-in-law. Come on, you're going to make me cry. That Anything. Will you be my matron of honor? Dusty and I are getting married. Yeah, he said. You sure you want me? You're part of the family. And I do love you. And I would love to have you by my side. If you're willing. Of course. There's one more favor, and this is a biggie. Okay. I know how much you love Johnny. That's a forever thing. Good. Because I want you to promise me that you'll watch over him for me. Please. Promise me that you will always be in his life. Maddie, none of this makes any sense, all right? I know something's wrong, but you're shutting me out. Fine, I'm shutting you out, all right? Isn't that how it's supposed to work when you I did this to you? Refused to talk to you about what's wrong? Just told you that it was over, to leave me alone? Do you have any idea what this feels like? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't help it. I'm just I can't fix it. And I'm too messed up too messed up to worry about anyone but myself right now, Casey. No. I don't buy it. I've never seen you quit on anything. You'll work a problem till you solve it. I can't solve this. Solve what? What's got you so tied up? Maddie, don't you know by now you can tell me anything? You're just making it harder. No, I'm not. I'm trying to keep you from throwing something away that we both want. Wanting something and being able to 's nothing you can't have. Maddie, you deserve the best. No, I don't, Casey. I'm not who you think I am, I'm not. I didn't mean to interrupt. No, you didn't. It's fine. The kids said you were inside, so I Right. We just got back from Montana, the kids and I, and they got a little carried away, I think. Food fight. So I needed to change. I see. So anyway, how are you? Oh, I can't complain. Actually, my nephew is staying with me, which is why I came over here. Jack, I was wondering if you had met him yet. Dallas Griffin? He was with Chicago P.D. and Hal just hired him. Yeah, Hal mentioned something, right. Yeah 'd, you know, take him under your wing. He's a great kid. Kid he's a grown man. But he is my nephew and I'd appreciate it if you would just look out for him. Yeah, yeah, of course. You got it. Okay, I'm just going to jump in here. Has something changed? I mean, relative to your marital status? Because the paperwork's in place, but I won't file it if you two are back together. I'm going to need a map of the ship. I'm going to search it myself. She has to be onboard somewhere.  You're welcome to look anywhere you like, Mr. Kasnoff. I'd be willing to assist you. But my crew made a thorough search. And unless your wife is deliberately hiding from us, she's not onboard. Why would she be hiding?  I don't had a fight No, no, no, we didn't have a fight at all. We're on our honeymoon. She wasn't feeling well, so she went up on the deck to get some air.  Did you find Katie? Not yet.  Because I've searched everywhere, and Simon's gone, too. Simon, I can't do this anymore. All right, we can rest for a few seconds, but we have to keep moving. I can't. I'm tired. And what's the point, anyway? We don't even know where we're going. Katie, have you ever known me to get in a car without looking at a map? Or on a boat without looking at the charts? I know we head due west I'm not going anywhere with you. Oh, yeah, real smart that is. I with what's-his-name. Mike. He'd be real proud of you, wouldn't he? Giving up. I'm not giving up, Simon. I'm just not going along with you. So just go off to your little island, okay? Just go. Fine. You know what, have it your way. Simon? Simon Simon? Simon Wait, Simon Ah Katie screams I thought you were a shark. Don't ever do that to me again All right. Are you ready to go? Yes Look at me. I promise you I'm going to get us out of this, okay? Don't make me any promises. Just get me to a beach. Due west. What's that supposed to mean, you're not who I think you are? I'm not perfect, okay? , remember? You're a worse slob than I am. That's only because i didn't have enough drawer space, that's not the point. The point is we're over. And you don't have to worry about me any more, okay? You don't get to say " we're over. " There's two of us, remember? And you can't force me to be with you. No one's trying to force you to do anything. Why do you keep saying that? I have to go. No, I'm not letting you leave until you tell me why you're willing to trash something we've both worked on for months. I don't know. I can't explain it. It's just the way it is. And the sooner you accept it, the happier you'll be. Maddie, I love you. I love you. So I'm not letting you walk out of here without a fight. Please Nope. Not unless you can look me in the eye and tell me that you don't love me. I don't love you.  Any word on Mrs. Kasnoff?  Mr. Diaghilev was watching the storm from the stateroom. He swears he saw two people go over the rail. A petite blonde woman and a tall dark gentleman. I'm not trying to pry, but I don't want to move forward with the divorce if it's not what the two of you want. And I mean, there's really no hurry. You know, we can file the papers whenever. Or not. Because if you guys are working it out, I'll just withdraw what I've already submitted and throw away the rest. And I won't even charge you.  No. Nothing's changed. . No, Jack Jack and I we have the kids, so we've decided to keep things calm and friendly. But file away. File whatever Jack asked you to. So, you're sure you're okay with keeping the kids for a little bit longer? Yeah. And you'll call me before you drop them off? I will call. Good. Nice to see you. You, too, Carly. Are you sure this is what you want? You want a divorce? You heard what the lady said. Nothing's changed. Honey, what are you saying? Didn't you understand when Bob was explaining the situation? She's sick, I understand. Dusty, Dusty honey, she's dying. Look look, she needs time to beat this thing. She's young, she's strong, she can do Dusty She's not going to die. Jen, you know how much I love your son. I do. I do. He was your son longer than he was mine. And he's going to need you to stay in his life. Jen, you know I'd do anything. But you can't give up. He needs you. He needs he needs love. And you are the most loving woman I know. Look what you've done for Will. He was in such bad shape before he met you. I know it's a lot to ask. No, it's not that. It's just it's not the same. You're his mom. You can't I don't know, you just can't. Gwen, please, just promise me. How's my beautiful bride? And there's my best man. what, we're all set. We got a preacher. Your mother's got something gorgeous for you to wear. It's going to be a wonderful wedding. We're going to have a beautiful life, Red. I love you. I love you. On the next " As the World Turns "  I'm sorry. It now appears your wife and your companion are lost at sea. Then why is everybody all dressed up? Jennifer and Dusty are getting married today. It's me. I did a terrible thing to someone I love. 
Mom, what are you doing here? How'd you find us? You know, you ask around, you find people. So, you want to invite me in? Why aren't you in jail? I served my time. But the sentence that the judge gave you was much longer. I know, I know it was longer, but, go figure. Turns out I was a whiz at the laundry. So, all that good behavior paid off. What do you want? I just wanted to see you, Baby. Wow, you two sure moved up in the world didn't ya? Home never felt so good. All right, what's not to enjoy? You modeling anything low cut, and I'm a happy man. Well, you've been a very patient man. Remember that little red number you got in here? Where is it where is it? It's gon na look great with your necklace. Simon okay? I'm teasing you. Will you stop worrying? Stop worrying about the fact that I'm wearing a stolen diamond? There's a lingerie store back there. Can we go there please? I want to buy the whole thing for you. (Carly-laughs) What? I don't believe it. (Katie-reading-to-herself) The people of Oakdale think I'm horrible? Let's see how they like having their past misdeeds publicized to the world. Katie Peretti Kasnoff is fighting back. And this time I want the whole world to know whose responsible for Oakdale's darkest secrets going public. Katie, I think maybe you could punch up the climax of the fight scene. Katie? Are you done? Yes. Oh, I thought we'd never make it Yeah, it was harder than I thought. Well you've earned your advance darling. This epilogue is really fresh and riveting. And that's all? Yep, every want to go in this direction? I'm absolutely sure. It's the only way I know how to tell a story. Yo, put the Montgomery story on page one. May I suggest a headline? Barbara, I'm on the phone. Just make sure run a big fat close-up of him being frog-marched out of the courthouse, okay? I got ta call you back, Jimmy. You know what, you might want to run an extra edition. It's big news when Craig Montgomery's reign of terror is finally over. Sorry, Barbara, tomorrow's headline gon na reads, " Local Publisher Cleared of Kidnapping Charge. " Excuse me? The case was dismissed. Craig won.  I'll do it. Why aren't you in jail? Justice isn't as blind as I thought.  What happened? Lucy changed her testimony. Came to her senses case was dismissed, witch hunt is over, and I'm one step closer to getting my son back. Dusty, what are you doing? Dusty-is-loading-his 2-handgun I don't understand. Lucy was supposed to testify against him. Well, at the last minute she decided she wasn't sure of the facts. I knew we couldn't trust her. But you don't care, do you? You got a headline out of this. I'm not happy about this. Really? The fact that Craig's around to sign your paycheck, that's a win for you too, Emily. After Dusty's accident, I told the truth about Craig. I thought it was a setup. So did Paul. So did Dusty. You're such a doer of good deeds. He used me too, Barbara. He led me to believe that he was going to poison Lucy. I should be so lucky. You paper to run. Craig's paper. Well, some of us need to work for a living. And you don't want to lose a shot at the Pulitzer, do you? All of your petty insults don't change the truth. Have you become familiar with the truth, Emily? We're on the same team this time, Barbara. Scary, isn't it? I trust you less than little Lucy. Oh gee, I'm hurt. Okay. All right. You give it your best shot, okay? You use the paper, you turn public opinion against him. Barbara, if public opinion counted, Craig would have been stoned in front of City Hall by now. Then use your imagination. We all know how good you are at that. After all, you put a bullet through my son. I'm sure you can find something quite as effective here. You really want to punish No, thank you. I'll find something else other than turning myself into human sacrifice. One thing I have learned from this hearing, is that you can't send a girl to do a woman's job. Craig will be stopped. You'll have your next headline. Yeah. Good luck with that, Barbara.  Lucy didn't change her mind. You changed it for her. She knows I would never hurt her.  You rigged Dusty's brakes and scared the poor thing to death. Sounds like the gospel according to Paul Ryan. It's a little harsh coming from my only alibi.  I told the truth about one thing, Craig. That doesn't make you innocent. Are you angry at me?  I think I made that pretty clear at the hospital. Just because you were with me when Dusty's brakes went out, doesn't mean you didn't hire somebody to do it. And if you safe, including me. Oh, you're safe. I kept my lips to myself.  Yeah, well too late. At this point, I don't have a conversation with my fianc that doesn't begin and end with your name. Look at the bright side. At least you're still talking to each other.  Barely. And try not to look so happy about it. Oh, you're wrong. Seeing you sad is the last thing I want. Dusty, answer me. Why do you have a gun? Don't ask if you don't want the truth. Okay, obviously, you're upset about the hearing and I am really sorry about what happened You did what you had to do. I did it to protect you. I don't need your protection You can't appease your father. You know that, right? A gun isn't the answer. I you, play God with my son, hurt my wife. Look, this isn't the way to keep Johnny. You know a better way? We had one, but you blew it. I promised my wife that I'd protect our son. Okay, but not with a gun. You are too good a father you know how dangerous it is to have a loaded gun in the house. Today, you had a chance to stand up for me and Johnny. And I let you down. You didn't let me down, you let yourself down. You let my son down. More important your father's still out there a free man on the street and don't tell me it's for our own good. Look, maybe maybe I can talk to my father. don't. Maybe if you just let him see Johnny No Okay, the court already gave him visitation. going to come after you harder on the custody issue. The next time he takes my son on a visit, may be the last time I see my son. You understand? Forget you saw this. This is between me and your father. The less you know, the better. Okay, when in hell did she find the time to write new material for this book? I have no idea. I wonder if we should be worried? About what? About Katie? No. She roasted me last time and I'm still standing. Look on the bright side. At least it's keeping her out of trouble, right? Yeah, don't be so sure about that. Come on. She just lost Mike. She lost you. If she's getting a little publicity from this silly book, then good for her. Look at you, you're in a generous mood. I can afford to be generous than generous. I'll tell you what, you sure you don't want to go hide out in I don't know, say Bora-Bora, until this whole thing is off the bestseller list? How bad could it get, huh? I really don't want to think about that. I'll tell you what would take my mind off it though. That lingerie store, and you trying everything on. Right, lingerie. Yeah. You got it, you got it. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm just getting rid of some stress. Well, this is riveting. Worth the wait? Terrific. I mean it could use a little tweaking maybe here and there, but my heavens the copies are going to be just flying off the shelves of the book stores. And before the holiday season too. Dear, I would just like some word or some sign or guarantee from you that you're at peace to home. Write what you know, right? And you're not worried about repercussions? People in the book didn't worry about me or my feelings, so I'm not going to change the names to protect the guilty at this late date. I'm over it. Okay. All right. Well, I know you don't want to talk about it, but I'm sorry about you and Mike. Lose a husband, gain a bestseller. If only it were that easy. Okay, will you e-mail the pages to your editor? I'm going to hang on to this if I may. And I'll get in touch with the book stores and talk. Get ready for the book signing, okay? I'll keep my autograph hand in shape. You're going to need it, Darling. I'll call you. I'll call you. Thanks, Lucinda. Knock, knock. Oh, . Goodbye, Henry. People come and go so quickly here. What's new at the zoo? Well, I just finished the new pages for the re-release of " Oakdale Confidential. " Or, as I like to call it, " Sweet Revenge. " Here. You can make it to go. Yeah, keep the mug. I hope you're joking. Nope. Honey, can't we just talk for a little bit? You know, I mean I wasn't expecting a parade or anything. Well what were you expecting, Mom? " Welcome home, Mommy? " You're amazing. Honey, look all right, I know that I made mistakes. I know that I did it. But I kept a roof over your head. Iris, what do you want? What, I have to want something? Yeah, you do, I mean, every single time doing. We're doing just fine. Well, I read about the baby in the papers. I don't want to talk about it. Oh, Honey I'm so sorry. Life can be a stinker the way it shakes out like that sometimes. It didn't I'm sorry. I didn't " Shake out. " My baby died. Yeah. And then those clowns, I mean, they just took little Billy away. His name is Johnny now. Yeah, little Johnny. Well, they were wrong okay? You were good. He should be with you. You were a good mom. Mom, Mom You need to shut up. To be in jail when all this was going through, you just don't know it's just hell for a mother. Where do where do you come up with this stuff? It's true, Honey. The only truth . Well, not anymore. Hand to God not anymore. So, you two still together? That's great. That's great. You can finish your coffee and leave. Oh well, I just wanted I to come by and say hi, but did you see that they put the old house up for rent? No, no I don't didn't know that. I don't care. If you need money, that's fine. She doesn't need any money, Will. No, I don't need any money really. I just wanted to see your pretty face, that's all. I had a lot of time to think this past year. First experience of that. Did you enjoy it? (Iris-laughs) A tongue like a knife. Oh, you belong to me, all right. Did I have a choice? So, how'd you guys swing this place, here? business. Iris, why don't you just tell us why you're here. I'm here because every girl, Will, no matter how big she gets to be, she always needs her mother. And as the saying goes, you only get one. And like it or not, my sweet, you're stuck with me. How you doing? You know, I've got nothing to say to you. Just wait. What I got to say may help. I doubt it. It is really quite obvious that you and Katie are miserable apart. You know what, Katie made her choice and it's none of your business. No, no the thing is there was no choice to ever make, Mike. She always wanted you. I don't care anymore. Yeah. Yeah, I could tell that by the way you were just looking at her picture. It's a new . Mmm. Thanks. It's a nice view. Yeah, it used to be. Mike built that deck for us to enjoy with our kids one day. Well, here's to good lumber, and common sense, and good, old-fashioned forgiveness. Here's to new beginnings. Did you finish reading? Yeah, right before I mixed these babies. Oh, that's strong Well, your book inspired me. It did. What did you think? I think it's going to kick things up a notch around here. Did you like it? I had a better question. Do you plan on staying in town? Oakdale's home. Why should I hang my head in shame? Or hide out for fear of retribution. Everybody else has gone on with their lives, Henry. They all get to be happy. Why can't I? Pardon me for pointing out the And Mike? And Jack? They're not exactly jolly either. Yeah well, this is about Simon. I'm so sick of that man getting away with every little thing he does. He and Carly are going on like nothing ever happened. So, hopefully, once this new edition hits the stores, it will be a nice little wake-up call. And they'll be miserable, too. What's the point of having a bestseller and getting revenge, if it makes you as miserable as they are? I feel bad that you and Paul are having problems because of me.  You kiss another man's fianc, and tell him about it before she does, it causes problems, Craig. Well, I want to make it up to you.  Don't. I meant it at the hospital. Stay away from me from now on. Just one little piece of advice?  No. It's free.  Still not I am your friend, even though you don't see it right now. If you love Paul, don't let anything that happened between us get in the way.  Nothing happened between us. But Paul perceives  In your mind. And maybe in his. But interestingly enough, Paul and I don't have a problem when you're not around. I hate to bring a breeze in the history, but wasn't Emily a problem?  Get lost, Craig. And you're still wearing Paul's ring, so I assume that you haven't had a permanent parting of the ways.  What's your point? The point is, do you want a man who will go to any length to protect the ones he loves?  Of course I do. But there are limits. Not with me. And not with Paul either. And once you understand that, your choice of where to go from here should be very clear But not with guns. Maybe there's a compromise. I don't compromise with my son. You left me with no options. Wait. You're angry, Dusty. I understand. You don't understand. Your father sat there in the courtroom with a smile on his face. Like he had a right to abuse you. You let him know that it was okay, but that's not okay with my son. Look, I didn't know what else to do. After your accident Don't blame the accident. When it comes to your father, you always looked the other way. It's not like that. It is. You still need Daddy's love and approval. Look, letting him go, that doesn't make us safe. He's going to come after my kid. The law's going to let him. But I won't. I'll do what I have to. Dusty, Johnny if you get reckless. Is that what you want? Even if you never pull that trigger, having a gun in this house tells the world you're not the kind of father that you say you are. A good father. A responsible father who knows right from wrong. You promised Jennifer that you would teach Johnny what that meant. Can you ever do that with a gun? (Knock-on-the-door) Process-server Mr. Donovan? Just a sec. Process-server Are you Dusty Donovan? Yeah, that's me. Process-server This is for you. What is it? Read for yourself. Coming up on " As the World Turns. " Mom, wait, don't leave. If this thing goes to print, I'm guessing that any shot that you had at getting Mike back, is gone. You and Katie need to find a way back to together. Go to hell I'm done with judges and lawyers. For now A preliminary hearing is set to determine the sole and binding custody of said minor, John Dustin Donovan. You see that? No provocation required. I'm sorry. But you can fight him. You adopted Johnny. That's what Jennifer wanted. Jennifer's gone. I'm just the guy she married. That's not true. Tell it to a judge. Today's hearing made your father as good on paper as anyone else. Not as good as you. Not for Johnny. I'm done with judges and lawyers. From now on, I handle Craig my own way. Hey, how much? Honey, I told you. I don't need a handout anymore. I've changed, Gwennie. Yeah, into what? Well, I'm sober now. I went to that 12-step thingie, and I got a counselor. You know, the funny thing is, when you need help outn't get any help anywhere. When you're in the joint, and you need to talk to someone, you just go in this room and there's someone there to listen to your troubles. Well, that's not Gwen's job. I'm here today because Brenda, she's my counselor, she told me that I need to say I'm sorry to everyone that I hurt when I was drinking. Well, you're sorry. Got it. Thanks for stopping by. No, Gwennie. I'm really sorry. And not for just what I did to you, but with the trouble that I caused for Will. I don't need an apology. No. No, you don't. But she does. I mean, that's how Iris ticks. It's all about what she needs. No, Sweetie, I'm off the stuff. I promise you. I'm never going back on. You don't was seven years old. Um, you know what? I could use a little bit more of this, if you don't mind? I kinda got hooked on the stuff when I went off the booze. I can give you a couple of bucks so you can stay at the Wagon Wheel, but that's it. Honey, no, I stashed a little bit of money. That's not what I need. I'm here because I wanted to give your something. Look. What the hell is that? I saved it. Look, it says Mommy's little angel. I bought it the day the stick turned pink. Wait a minute. So, you threw away every single card, every picture, every valentine heart that I ever made. All I ever heard was, I don't want this stuff cluttering up the place or what's that supposed to be? No, Honey. That was the booze talking. It look Sweetie, look at this. This meant that I wanted to do right by you. I just I didn't know what to do, okay? I was young. I didn't have anybody help me out. I felt like overnight, you made me old. I hated you for it. Okay, I think you should go. No, let's let her finish. I just I missed hanging out at the bars and I missed all of my friends. And there wasn't going to be a guy who wanted to be with me while I had some kid hanging around my neck. You know, maybe maybe if I would have met a guy like Will, my whole life could have been different or something. Yeah, but it wasn't. Look what you've done, Gwennie. Look what you turned out to be. I am so proud of you. I know I don't have the right to be, in spite of me. God, I'm so proud of you. Nothing, nothing you did was your fault. Nothing. Honey, you were just born. The rest was me. Thanks for the coffee, Will. Mom, wait Gwen. Don't leave. Listen, Mike, I have admittedly done a lot of wrong things and the worst are with Katie, okay? And I'm sorry for that. It was just hard to see her and let her go, you know? Well, you got a clear shot at her now. She's free. Well, the point is nothing's the same anymore, anyway. Okay, and it never will be. Look, I'm with Carly now. You and Katie need to find a way back together. Go to hell. Okay, fine, I'll go to hell. It's probably where I belong anyway. But you need to know Okay, I don't buy that. And I don't understand any of you. If I tell someone I love them, then I've made a commitment to them. For better or for worse, okay? I don't hurt people because I can. And I don't have sex just to decide which woman I want to be with. That's not the way it was meant to be. Well, it looks like it was. Mike, I understand that you're hurt but How can you even give this guy another chance? You know how it's going to end up. Hey, hi, Darling. Oh, sorry. Did I interrupt something? No, no, it's nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I happen to know, unfortunately, there's a lot more to that nothing than any of you want to admit. Well, Darling, I hope it doesn't turn around and bite you on the . They're called characters, Henry. Really? Because the character of Jack Snyder seems an awful lot like the real Jack Snyder. He's got three kids, a racy little wife. That woman sees more action than a thoroughbred. God, that's a good line. I should have used that. And what about Mike? Do you want to kick the guy when he's down? Well, I love Mike. This isn't about Mike. He's not in my life anymore. He left me all alone, Henry. That's a subject I'm somewhat familiar with. I know you want to step back and take some swings, right? You felt that way about me? Figuratively speaking, yeah. And then I realized that if hurt you, I would just be hurting myself more. And I couldn't have that. I know if my Bubbles ain't happy, ain't nobody happy. Well, I miss him so much, Henry. Then why, if you love him, why hurt him with this book? Please, tell me why? He has his pride, Katie. And the only thing he loves, almost as much as you, is his privacy. I'm telling you, if this thing goes to print, I'm guessing that any shot that you had at getting Mike is gone.  I'm just saying this baby is gifted. Of course he's gifted. He's my grandson.  Of course. How's my boy? There he is. How's my boy? Dad needs a special hug today. Yes, you do. I heard about what happened in the court. I don't want to say I told you so, but I knew that Lucy couldn't be trusted. Don't start, all right? Why didn't you think she would turn against her father? , that's ridiculous. What's that? Take a look. Can he get away with this?  What's going on, boss? Nothing we can't handle. If you two pitch in, everything's going to be okay. Whoa, whoa Lucy, slow down. Are you okay? Not now, Emily. I'm sorry. I heard about the hearing. How's Dusty? Angry. I have never seem him like this. He has a gun, Emily. And from what I saw, he's planning to use it. Baby, what is it? You're really sorry? From the bottom of my heart. I'm so sorry. So, you read about Billy in the papers? Yeah, whatever they wrote in those rag magazine, " The Intruder " Honey, you were a hell of a mother. You were. And it just killed me to Where is this coming from? What? I spent my whole life screaming inside. I mean, begging for some ounce of proof that you loved me. I mean, even just a little bit. No, Honey, I do. I love you. I mean, you say I made you feel old, right? I mean, how do you think you made me feel? I was putting you in bed by the time I was in grade school. I was cleaning up after your mess and keeping my mouth shut to anybody who would ask me what was actually going on. Please, it was a long time ago. Let's not go back there, come on. No, we have to go back there. You have to hear this. I was so desperate for any kind of attention besides a smack across the face, and you know what? I went looking for it. And I found it one night, drunk first guy who gave me five minutes of my time, who told me I was pretty. And I was smart, and it didn't matter that he was too drunk not to mean it. He would have had sex with anybody there, and I didn't care. No, I have to say this finally. I was so desperate to know I was worth something. And you know what? And he didn't call me again, when he didn't want anything to do with me? I didn't even get mad. Because I already knew that I wasn't worth anybody's time. Oh, God, Gwennie. I am so sorry. But you know, at least I taught you how to take a hit, right? Thank you, Mom. Thank you so much. I don't care where you go or what you do with your life, please leave me alone. I just wanted to see how you are. That's all don't make a habit of it. You know, Gwen is the most amazing person. I don't know how you missed that? She's so smart. She's acing all of her classes in college. You don't think I know she's smart? I didn't even have to help her with her homework. Not, that I could help her with her homework She's not just smart. She's got a great voice, too. She's a great singer. And she's going to be a big star, Iris. I'm going to call my old law firm in Chicago. They have one of the best custody teams in the country. They're going to tell me I've got no case. You have a case. Jennifer wanted you to raise her son. Jennifer's gone. Jennifer was his mother. Doesn't what the mother wants matter in court? I don't know to do something for me. Of course. I need you to promise if something happens to me, you'll take care of Johnny. Nothing's going to happen to you. Just promise me. Of course, I do. Look, we can win this in court. You have to believe that. I'm not waiting for court. I'm dealing with Montgomery tonight. Are you sure the papers said that Craig was going to go for full custody? Positive. Okay, don't panic. Just because Dusty has a gun, doesn't mean he's actually going to use it. Okay, you didn't see his face when I left. Well, go back. Go back and try to talk to him again. He won't listen to me. Okay, Honey. Nothing's going to happen in the next five minutes, so we'll it's okay. We'll think Trying calling him again. Call him again, see if he picks up and see if he's cooled off. I tried. I tried. He won't answer his phone. He knows that it's me calling. He knows how I feel. All right, well, you keep trying and I will try to figure out something from this end, okay? Thanks. Ah, don't don't thank me yet. All right. Okay.  I tell you to keep your distance and you turn into a walking advice column on love and romance. That is the nicest thing I've been called in a very long time.  Okay, what are you saying exactly, Craig, and why should I even listen to you? Because you don't trust me.  Now, that makes perfect sense so far. And because you don't trust me, you'll think about what I'm saying and . Marry the guy, Meg.  Pardon? Paul. You love him.  Yeah. And you're having problems?  One problem. One is enough. You get in the habit of fighting about the same problem over and over again. You get stuck in a pattern where the problem takes on a life of its own. Eventually, it defines your whole relationship. Unless you stop the cycle, change the subject.  By getting married? Prove once and for all that I am not the obstacle to your happiness. Set the date, get married, and watch me drop so low on your list of priorities that you and Paul won't even notice that I'm alive.  That would be a miracle. It's good advice, Meg, even if it is coming from me. Cell phone rings Think about it. I have to take this, sorry. Didn't think I'd hear from you today. Get the middle of something. Yeah? Well, you're going to be in the middle of your own funeral if you don't get over here fast. Will, it's okay. We don't have to prove anything to her. So my little girl is going to be a big star? Wow. Yeah, my brother's a producer. He heard her sing and he thought she's amazing, so he's going to cut a professional demo for her. It might not happen. Oh, it will. Well, you got a fan here. You got two fans, huh? Maybe next time I see you, you're going to be on TV or you're going to be on something. Bye, Mom. Yeah, bye. So, what do you know? My little baby's going to hit the big time. You know, this good friend angle only goes so far. of the best I've ever had. I can't listen to this. So being miserable? It's a much better choice, right? No, moving on is a better choice. Mike, you can't even move past a bookstore window. How are you going to move on past Katie, huh? It's not your problem. Why don't you just go be with your boyfriend? You really hate seeing us together that much, huh? I just can't stand seeing you waste your time on that guy, okay? He wrecks people's lives. Think about that before you get in too deep. Oh, Lucinda, thank God I found you. I need the pages back. Oh, Darling, it's too late. They're out of our hands. No, get them back I can't. We have a contract. I know. I will write you something else want. Katie, Darling, you met the deadline, you're going to be in print again to great acclaim, I'm sure. No, I just I need to make a few changes. This is just pre-publication jitters. Lucinda, stop the book, please I can't. The new edition is being born. There's nothing we can do about it. Sorry. (Lucinda-sighs) (Emily-gasps) Ooh Don't do that Why so jumpy? No, you're the one who should be the jumpy. Nerves of steel, Em. You better hope you're more like the man of steel and bullets jump off that chest. What are you talking about? I'm talking about Dusty. He's got a gun. Excellent. Excellent? Guess who he's targeting. Me, I hope. On the next " As the World Turns " I told you that I meant it.  Holden wasn't in Springfield last night. He was right here, in Oakdale. I don't believe this. Okay. I made you a promise, Red, to keep Montgomery away from our son, and as God as my witness, I won't let you down. 
There you are How was your ride? Ready for the big Thanksgiving feast? Oh, I'm so hungry, I could eat a horse. Dad, that would make you practically a cannibal. I'll have torfurkey instead.  Gross You're still on that veggie kick? It's vegan. Well, I'm going to stick with the traditional, if that's okay with you. Okay, we have to wait for a little while. We have to wait for Carly to come back with her kids from Mr. Tucker's hayride. It's Thanksgiving. We're supposed to be grateful. I know what I'm grateful for. Having my wife back. That's so sweet. Oh, let's go inside. It's getting cold Why don't you get some firewood? Okay. Jade, you can help me.  Uh, no. Splinters and spiders are not my thing. What's wrong with you? You've I still can't talk about it. That's okay. I can guess. You're upset because Will and Gwen are having Thanksgiving dinner together, and you're wishing it was you instead of her.  Yeah, yeah, you're a regular mind reader. Hey. Look what I got Johnny this little gobble, gobble, gobble Yeah, that's sweet. He'll love this. It was hard hearing my mom talk about when I had to give him away. I don't really like to think about that too much. Yeah, I don't like going back there either. I remember my biggest fear was facing the holidays without him, but your mom and Dusty have been so amazing including us. I'm just really thankful that he's still a part of my life. I'm thankful that you're part of mine. And I'm thankful to see the both of you so happy. to see gorgeous Gwen's puss just plastered all over these windows. Mom, what are you doing here? Oh, well, I was at a meeting at the church just up the street. You know, " God grant me the serenity to accept the things I can't change, " right? So, 100 meetings, 100 days. I'm really glad that you're sober and sticking with it. We really have to go, though. Thanks. Listen, since we ran into each other Mom, you can not have dinner with us. I told you that I don't want you in my life, and I meant it. I just wanted to wish you both a happy Thanksgiving. (Emma-laughs)  Obviously, the girls have the talent I was going for something a little more abstract, okay?  Oh, you got it. Yeah, he did. Where's Jack? He would defend me Oh, he has to work a double shift down at the station, I'm afraid.  Well, that's probably easier, with Carly here. They had so many Thanksgivings here. That's true. It'll seem a bit empty at the table this year without him. Well, you know what? Maybe we can take him some stuff a little bit later. Listen, why don't you and Lily and Faith, Sweetheart, you want to take this and put these goodies on the table? They're so sweet. Holden, I think you know where the candles are, don't you? Oh, candles. Which ones? The cranberry candles? Cranberry how much calories are in cranberry Oh, stop. Come on, I know where the candles are. Come on, Faith.  Okay, Mama, what do you want me to do? Corn or potatoes? Well, you do the corn family. Should I  Oh, go on, ask. Well, should I set a place for Paul, or is he going to spend the holidays with his family?  I don't know what Paul is doing. We had one of those variations on the theme of the same old fight about Craig Montgomery. Oh, I heard that Lucy dropped the charges against her father for her kidnapping.  Yeah. So needless to say, Paul's a crazy man. Crazier than Craig Montgomery?  Well, let's call it even. He actually accused me of siding with Craig. Did you?  Mama, what a question. No, of course not. I have to put an end to this the fights, the accusations, I can't take it anymore. Well, Sweetheart, breaking up with someone that you love, or that you think you love, is never very easy.  I'm not breaking up with the sooner, the better Happy Thanksgiving, son. Happy Thanksgiving. Oh, Honey, thank you. They're lovely. Where did you get these? From the banquet table downstairs. Did everybody leave? No no. Is Meg joining us? I'm not sure. We got into a little tiff about Craig. All of this craziness has to end. The fighting is destroying us. Paul, I'm sorry. Maybe it's for the best. But ending a relationship is always difficult. What, you think with Meg? I weren't you talking about No, I'm talking about ending all of our involvement with Craig. I want him out of all of our lives forever. I just I can't figure out how to do it. Maybe somebody already has. I've been thinking to myself if there's another way to do this. I made you a son. And as God as my witness, I won't let you down. Thank God I found you. Sweetheart. And here, I thought I was going to have to celebrate by myself. Here, sit, have a glass. No, no, no, I can't eat, Daddy. Where have you been? I've been out, enjoying the beautiful autumn weather. Come on, sit. Okay, I want you to drop the custody suit. I assume Dusty sent you. No, no. In fact, he told me to stay out of it, but I can't do that. Why not? Daddy, Dusty's got a gun. And if you don't drop the custody suit, Dusty's going to kill you.  I never thought I'd say this, but for the first time ever, Craig could be right. Bite your tongue.  Really. I mean . Are you telling me that this idea to make your wedding happen sooner is Craig Montgomery's idea?  Mama, it's not like Paul and I weren't headed that way. I know, but if Craig de the suggestion, no wonder Paul started a fight.  I haven't told him yet. I am going to tell him, soon enough Oh so, are you going to tell him that Craig Montgomery is your marital advisor? Oh, Meg, why you would even listen to that man in the first place  He was just offering some friendly advice. Yes, well, I would think long and hard about what's behind any kind of advice Craig Montgomery gives you. Here's some yummies to nibble on before we sit down to dinner. Oh, yeah, okay. Hey, where's Lucinda? At the hospital, volunteering with the cancer patients. Oh She's going to . Oh, yes, but my mother's doing a wonderful thing, and she'll be here afterwards. I wish she was here to see you strut your stuff today. You're becoming quite the rider. And poor, old patches, she can barely keep up with her anymore. Pretty soon, I'm gon na have to get you another horse with a little more get up and go.  Too bad you couldn't have shopped for one while you were doing business last night in Springfield.  Oh, Holden wasn't in Springfield last night. He was right here in Oakdale. You have a good Thanksgiving, too, Mom. Thanks. So, I guess you're not rehearsing' cause it's a holiday or something. What are you doing, rushing home to put that bird in the oven? Honey, remember, don't leave the bag of giblets in the turkey. Remember, I did that one time? We la dee da Barbara, huh? Whoo That's going to be some clam bake. Wait a second, I seem to remember that she was really nasty to the both of you. How did you forgive and forget? I'd like to know that. We really have to go. No, no, no, really. I mean, if you have a minute, I'd like to know how she got back into your good graces. Did she buy you a car or something like that? Yeah, Mom, she did. She bought us a car. No, of course she didn't buy us a car. It was a bunch of different things. And when her daughter passed away, everything else just it became unimportant. You know, it's kind of a funny thing, but in a way, I feel like I lost my daughter, too. No, Mom, you didn't lose me, you You're right. You're absolutely right. You're right, it was my fault. I know you're not going to believe this, but Sweetie, it killed me. All right, we really should go. You okay? Yeah, I just want to get the hell out of here. All right. Just wait for me for, like, two minutes. I'm gon na go to the bookstore, okay? Hey, well, why? We got Johnny something, but we didn't get Mom anything. I don't want to show up empty handed. Okay. What were you thinking? Well, I want to get her something to take her mind off things, and " Oakdale Confidential " is supposed to be pretty good, right? Yeah, it's supposed to be entertaining. You want me to come with you? No, no, wait in the car with Mr. Turkey. I'll Iris, there are a few things that we have to get straight, and you're going to listen. Dusty has a gun? Where my son lives? Look, Johnny is perfectly safe. But you're not, unless you call your lawyers and you drop this custody suit. Did he actually threaten my life? He didn't have to. Look, I know him. I know how upset he was after the hearing. And then, when you had him served with custody papers He'll adjust. In time, he'll calm down. He'll realize that it's the way it should be. Dusty will never realize that. He believes he's Johnny's true dad. So do I. Sweetheart, that adoption was granted to Dusty under false pretenses, while I was jailed for charges that have since been dismissed Okay, you know what? That adoption was granted because Jennifer wanted Dusty to raise her son grave, Lucy. This is the last holiday that I spend without my son. This could be your last holiday, period, if you push Dusty too hard. Dusty's not going to kill me. I mean, do you think he wants to go to jail? And lose all of his rights to Johnny, forever? Even Dusty's not that stupid. Look, I really appreciate that you let me know what his intentions are. His intentions are real. This threat is real. Dusty would do anything, anything to keep Johnny safe from you. There is no way that I am dropping that custody suit. For Johnny's sake, please, I'm begging you. Give this fight up. For Johnny's sake, I can't. So, after a debacle of a hearing which benefited no one but Craig, Dusty was given a petition demanding full custody of Johnny. So all of our desperate measures to keepn't going to stop until he gets what he wants. So, what's Dusty's next move? He just said he's taking matters into his own hands. Oh, well, I like the sound of that. (Doorbell-rings) That must be Gwen and Will. Barbara, have you seen Dusty? I'm really worried about him. Come on in, Emily. Lucy says that Dusty has a gun, and he's out to stop Craig once and for all. So that's how he's going to resolve this. I've been running all over town looking for him to try to stop him from doing something crazy. Well, why stop him? I hope Dusty goes for it. (Cell-phone-rings) I always like to let it ring a few times. Otherwise, I seem too anxious. I got the custody papers. Now, that's what I call service. We should talk. I the parking garage at the Lakeview. Level three, in one hour. I guess there's no need to synchronize our watches. Iris, I'm glad you're going to the meetings, and I'm glad you're sober. And Gwen's glad, too. But But, Gwen wishing you well doesn't mean that she wants you back in her life. She doesn't, believe me. So, you can't keep pushing yourself on her. I was at the church at a meeting down the street. What do you want me to do? Okay, maybe, you know. You keep talking about wanting to start a new life, and you're not going to find one here. At least not with us. Yeah, well, never give up hope. That's what I say. Forget it, Iris, you being around is making her really uncomfortable. She's not going to invite you to to any dinner, all right? So maybe you need to look for a fresh start somewhere else. Somewhere where you're not going to be bumping into Gwen all the time. Well, first off, I'm broke. I don't even have money for a cab. Okay, well, I can take care of that. And secondly, I have to stay in town. That's what the parole board says. But Will gee, I'd really like to make myself a little Thanksgiving dinner. A little turkey and a sweet potato, something like that? You're all right. You know, Gwennie could have done a lot worse. Look, understand that that's a one time thing, just helping you get back on your feet. Don't come back asking for more. It wouldn't cross my mind. Right. Gwen's done taking care of you. She's got her own life now. The one that up. Okay? Good. I wouldn't count on that, buddy boy.  Holden, I saw you last night crossing the road, maybe in old town? That's not possible, because someone called who wanted to breed one the mares, so Holden left for Springfield right after dinner.  Really ?' Cause I could have sworn  Well, I guess you were wrong. Because I was here last night, and Holden was definitely headed out of town.  You know, I thought once I saw Bruce Springsteen crossing the road, and I ran so fast after him, but I tripped and fell. Needless to say, it wasn't Bruce, because he would have helped me up. Emma laughs Anyway, corn's ready. I think the mashed potatoes are ready, too. Jade, would you mind taking Faith and taking her to look for Natalie's pink pony video? She was looking for it before the hayride. wake Ethan, he's sleeping. I think I'll head out and grab the Hubbard squash. I wonder how much it weighs this year. Let's not bring up weight, shall we? Hey, I'll take that. That's it? That's all? Come on, come on, come on Cell phone rings Hey, Lucy. Why is my cousin not here yet? Oh, no, you got to come, its Thanksgiving. You sound really upset are you all right? Where are you? Can we meet somewhere? Oh, don't say that Lucy says she's not coming to Thanksgiving. What a shame. Where are you going? I'm gon na go find her. She sounded really upset.  Well, I'm not surprised, after what happened at the hearing yesterday. Lucy didn't testify against her father. Thanks to her, he doesn't have to go back to prison well, I'm sure Lucy feels like she really let Dusty, though. Well, there's no way she's spending a family holiday by herself. I'm gon na go find her. Be careful, it's dangerous out there with the drivers  I'm sure Dusty was disappointed, but I can't believe that he would desert Lucy just because she didn't testify against her dad. Can you imagine? A man's own daughter bringing kidnapping charges against him? And this is the kind of man you want to take advice from?  Why are you so hung up on the fact that I took advice from Craig? Are you trying to use it as ammunition? Against what?  Well, you're always trying to find some reason why I shouldn't marry Paul. How can you say that? It would kill Dusty to be separated from that little boy. Have you forgotten what it's like to lose a child? For Dusty to lose his little boy he loves more than his own life because of Craig Montgomery? We can't let that happen. No, we can't let that happen. (Cell-phone-rings) Excuse me. I'm sorry, I need to take this. I don't trust her. At all. I think she's spreading this rumor around about Dusty and a gun so he'll look unstable at the custody hearing. Yeah, but why would Emily want to help Craig? Oh, come on, Paul, you should know that better than anyone. Because when it comes to the male sex, there's nothing that Emily Stewart won't do. Johnny crying I'm coming, precious. Nana's coming. (Paul-remembering) You will not get away with this. They will find out. They'll find out what? Yeah, well, guess what, that's just too bad. Is there a problem? Oh, Yeah. Well, you know, she freaks out about everything. The thermometer popped out of the self-basting turkey, and you just got ta sit down right then and there. Yeah. Can I give you a friendly little bit of advice? Yeah, friendly friendly I'll take, sure. I appreciate your concern for Johnny, but I don't think you should put yourself in the middle of this duel between Dusty and Craig. It could get ugly. And I for one would hate to see you get hurt. Happy Thanksgiving, Paul. Just another holiday, huh? Isn't he the sweetest. There's something I've got to take care of. Taking care of Emily? I'll be back. I don't like what's going on around here. I think we need to call your daddy again. Let's see if we can get a hold of him. There's my boy. especially after what you said last night. Has he been a good boy? He's been a great boy. All right. Emily showed up here, spouting some kind of story about you and a gun. That you're going to shoot Craig. Please tell me it's not true. You're not going to kill Craig, are you? Did you do it? Yes. I told Barbara and Paul that Dusty was packing a gun. I love it when you talk tough. Okay, this whole Dusty thing with the gun they needed to know about it, why? Everything will be clear when my showdown with Dusty is over. Well, I actually just saw Dusty going back up to Barbara's suite. I have a feeling he's going to skip the big showdown. Oh, on the contrary. He's going to meet me in the parking garage, level three, in an hour., time for what? For you to make sure that Dusty shoots to kill, and I stay alive. Oh, I know I'm not going to like this. Okay. Coming up on " As the World Turns "  Should I just tell Lily the truth, that her husband's cheating on her? If this plays out the way I think it will, we'll all have a lot to be thankful for by the time the day's over. Okay, so for reasons that escape me, I break into Dusty's car to find his gun? (Craig-whispering) Shh, shh. You should wear gloves. What if the gun's not in the car? What if it's on him? Well, then I won't show. You know, but I'll wager that the reason that Dusty went up to Barbara's was to see Johnny. Oh, my God, to say good-bye. Yeah, put him in jail for the rest of his life. You know, packing a gun to his final farewell doesn't seem very warm and fuzzy. Okay, what about the parking garage guy? The night watchmen? He's off, courtesy of the Lakeview, with pay. And I'm sure that Dusty knows that. How do I break into his car, Craig? Funny you should ask. Where did you get that? It's just a parting gift from one of my prison pals. So, do you know how to use this thing? What if somebody sees me? Make sure no one does. Now, go on, we don't have much time.  This isn't something that Craig's been pushing. I've been wanting to set a date with Paul ever since he put that ring on my finger. I love him, Mama, and I really would love to have your blessing. Well In fact, I have been saving a few little bridal magazines. So, what's the date we're pushing for? Valentine's Day?  How does next week fit into your plans? Meg Meg Meg Snyder  Mmm, pumpkin or pecan? Mom's going to kill you.  Yeah. I'll fix it up so nobody knows. How do you do that and stay so skinny?  Well, I don't know. Sometimes I'm hungry, and I eat whatever I want. And sometimes I forget to eat and I go all day without eating. I don't know, food's just not that big of a deal to me. Yes, unlike your aunt, who can look at a piece of pie and gain five pounds. Uh-oh. I think you're caught Jade.  I'm sorry, Lily, I couldn't wait one more minute. Oh, don't worry about it. Please looks good.  Why don't you join me? I'm trying to lose weight, not gain weight, thank you.  You're too hard on yourself, Lily. That's what Holden says. He tells me I look fine. And, I don't know, there's a part of me that thinks that he's saying it just to make me feel better.  I just remembered. Emma wanted me to go and grab some chairs from the barn. Okay, well, Holden's out there if you need help. This would be the Hubbard squash. A long and completely unexplainable Snyder family tradition. I don't know who started it, but they must have been strong, because these things, they get pretty heavy.  Thanks for the folklore. You're doing it again. Doing what?  Ignoring the fact that I lied to your sister, just like I lied to Lily last night. You know what Okay. So, what should I do on this beautiful fall day, with the hayrides and the horses and the kids watching the parade? Should I just tell Lily the truth, that her husband's cheating on her? Listen, I know you don't want to scare Johnny, and I don't either, but I have to know what's going on with you, what your plans are. Did he watch the parade? Some of it, yeah. The balloons are cool, aren't they, son? My son. Dusty, you scared me to death last night when you told me that I had to take care of Johnny if anything happened to you. No more questions. You're gon na make him nervous. I don't care, I really don't. You can't fix anything by killing Craig. Don't you see that? Knocking at door That's going to be it's Will and Gwen, Mom. Happy Thanksgiving to you. Hi, Will. Oh, what have you got there? Ooh, what's this? I think it's what you'd a beach book. That's what they said at the store, anyway. The new edition of " Oakdale Confidential, " yes. A little something to keep me distracted. Hey. Hey, Dusty. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving to you, too. Hey, Brother. Hey, Pal. We actually brought something for Johnny. Hey. Hey, look at that, a turkey. Oh, hey, man, look. It's a turkey Happy thanks oh, he's scared Come on, everybody likes turkey. It's just turkey. Hey, you mind if we play with him for a while? The parade's still on. If you guys want to take him for a while. Yeah. Hey, Johnny crying Oh, it's okay. It's okay. It's all right. It's okay. You can help yourself to anything on the sideboard. And you know, he might (Johnny-crying) Oh, he's just a little scared. Its okay, son. It's okay. Dusty, please. Jennifer wouldn't want anything to take you away from Johnny. More than that, she wouldn't want Montgomery to have him. You have to think about what you're going to lose if you go through with this. I promised Jennifer I wouldn't let him come near our son. I'm keeping my promise. My God, is there nothing I can say that would talk you out of this? Talk me out of what? Have I said what I'm doing? Not in so many words. Not in any words, Barbara. Trust me, for your own sake, better. Oh, who keeps a car like this unlocked? Great. Come on. Okay. Okay, all right. Come on. Remember how to do this. Okay. Come on. Oh, great, okay. Cell phone rings Are you trying to give me a heart attack here? Mission accomplished? Yeah, yeah, I've got the gun. Well, now, all you have to do is make the switch. Okay. Can you explain to me again how this is going to get me any closer to Paul, please? Just do what I told you, and the rest will fall into place. Call me when you're through. Yeah, call him when you're through. Okay. Okay. Come on, Emily. Okay. Would you just keep your voice down?  So you are cheating on Lily? I told you, the woman that you saw, that So, why are you being so secretive about it if it's totally innocent? Why don't you tell me a little about your business friend? Jade, you're family, you live in our home, but I don't feel like I have to explain anything to you.  Oh, you owe me an explanation. I lied for you. I disagree. I didn't do anything wrong. So do yourself a favor and don't say anything that you're going to regret. Jade, there's something going on between you and my husband. I want to know what it is.  Oh, that turkey smells amazing I hope you made enough for leftovers and croquettes and soup. I always make too much. Yeah, maybe I'll have some left over for your wedding next week. A wedding? Did I hear something about a wedding? Yes, your sister wants to get married in a week. A huh?  No. I'm tired of waiting to get married to the man I love. When do we get to meet him?  Ha ha ha. Okay, Mister, just for that, I have a request. I'd like to have the wedding at your place. If you think that won't be a problem. You really love him, don't you? Like he was my own. He was once, for a while. Yeah, I think part of me will always feel that way. That's probably not what his dad wants to hear right now. No, it's exactly what I want to hear. I'm I'm grateful that Johnny has you, has Will in his life. I better get going. Well, you're not going to stay for dinner? No, I got to go, I've got business. Come here, Johnny boy, give me a hug na have to last a while, okay? Hey. You know, you are a very hard lady to find. I've been all over the place, even Fairwinds. Yeah, I don't go to that place if I can help it. Well, I thought that maybe you and your dad had patched things up and you were celebrating with a thanksgiving feast. Yeah, I'll never patch things up with him now. It's just it's all too late.  There's nothing going on between me and Holden. I don't know what to believe. But that story about your lipstick on Holden's collar  I thought the shirt was Luke's. I grabbed it to lounge around in. Yeah, I know what you said. But there was something about the way you said it. A lot like the way you were talking to Meg when you told her she didn't see Holden last night. . I just knew she was making a mistake, that's all. There's nothing going on, Lily, I swear. I think that a wedding is just what this family needs right now. I'm sure that she will go for it.  Thank you Well, I guess I'm just going to have to start my baking tomorrow and planning the rest of the menu. And then then I guess I'll have to speak to someone about the flowers. Especially your bridal bouquet.  Mama you almost sound happy for me. Well, when my baby's happy, I'm happy. I knew I had the chance to put my father away where he couldn't anyone, and I backed out. I'm a total coward No, you were scared for Dusty. I know, I know, and I still am. And now And now? And now what? Look, if Craig and them. And don't blame yourself. You were trying to save people a lot of pain. Like I did, when I let Damian off the hook. And it worked out for me, Luce. And it's going to work out for you, too, and Dusty. Be a good boy for Barbara, okay? And I love you, always. I love you no matter what. They're going to wonder why you left like this. No, they won't. So, if this plays out the way I think it will, we'll all have a lot to be thankful for by the time the day's over. How can you eat at a time like this? Because I'm hungry. Did you do as I asked? Everything's arranged. Whatever Dusty has planned, you're bulletproof. Next week on " As the World Turns " I don't want Simon, I want you stole the crown jewels the night of the costume ball. Hey, Adam, I'm sorry for bailing on you. We can pick it up where we left off. You and Holden are the perfect example of the perfect couple. Are we? I'm gon na leave you on the floor dead 
Coffee, I need coffee. You know what? Why don't you let me make you a little herbal tea? How about that? What are you? My nutritionist? Can't I take care of my baby sister? And caffeine is not a substitute for rest, Alison. I'd have gotten enough rest if you didn't drag me to some stupid support group at the crack of dawn. You didn't tell me how it went. So, how'd it go? What's to tell? A bunch of losers sit around drinking coffee that tastes like ashes while they spill their guts to a bunch of strangers. Then they go outside, smoke a pack of cigs, and come back the next day. Well, I was hoping you got a clue about how to get your life back on track. My life is fine. You have to start thinking about your future, Honey. Please. Like your life is so great. My life? And a newspaper that sells and and lots of great ideas. What do you have? I've just got a naggy sister, a killer headache and a serious caffeine craving. You can not expect Mom to support you, Honey. You have got you've got to contribute. And I'm not talking about doing the dishes or picking up your clothes. And you have got to start taking better care of your health. There is nothing wrong with my health. You want me to see myself as some strung out mess. But most people think I look pretty good. Good enough to be in movies. And I made pretty decent money doing it. La di da. You know what? At your age, you can go for a while without showing the effects. But it catches up with you sooner than you think. Give me a break. Listen, you need routine, Alison. Routine. It's good for you when Says who? Says says the therapist I found to help you. She's really good. She works with young women who have drug issues. And the best part about the whole thing is that she's in Chicago, so Mom will never know about it. Listen, little Miss Bum-me-out. I have done everything you've asked me to do I've come back to this stupid town. I've gone to that stupid support group. So now, what I want you to do, is stop telling me what to do and leave me the hell alone Got it? What is this? Why are you fighting? I need an answer, Girls. Because I'm beginning to think that there's something going on that I should be worried about. These eggs are really good, Faith. You should try them. I'm not hungry. Look, I know that you're really upset about Mom going to rehab. And But think about how happy she'd be if she got a letter from you saying that you started off the morning with a decent breakfast. Hey. Hi. Pay attention to what your brother says. Eat your breakfast, Darling. You don't want us to have to send you to kiddie rehab, do you?  It's always a wonderful surprise, waking up together. You should get used to it. It's how you're supposed to spend the rest of your life. Something I said?  Of course not. You know how I feel. Well, if last night was any indication, I think I know how you feel.  You'd better hang onto that memory, Buddy. What? You're giving me the boot already?  Come on, Paul you know that I would love to wake up with you every single morning, but you and I took a huge chance and we shouldn't have. We're, we're supposed to be pretending that we're broken up in front of Craig.  Yeah, and he's only going to believe it if everybody else does. You think he's got spies lurking outside a fleabag hotel? He doesn't know that we're here. Nobody needs to know.  It's not that simple. It is that simple. We love each other.  Look, I've felt closer to you than I ever have. But you know me. I can't hide my feelings. And what if it's written all over my face the next time I talk to Craig? He's going to see right through our phony breakup. Okay, so what do you suggest?  That this is the last time you and I can be together until we've gotten Craig where we want him. You want me to stay away from you completely?  As far as possible. No, I can't do that this. I did help you. I let you call me a controlling psychopath in public.  Yes, and I know you didn't like it. You know what I really don't like? Is you going anywhere near Craig again.  Yeah, but we agreed that I have to if we're going to find out what he's planning. Look, last night was like a new beginning for me, okay? And I know that you said that you don't want to make any decisions about our relationship, and I'm not asking you to. But you're the future that I've always wanted, and I'm not going to let anything jeopardize that. And if you try and go toe to toe with Craig, you will.  So you're asking me to forget what he did to my family? No, I'm look, I think that Craig should be punished for what he's done, but and this It's Lily's battle. It's Lucinda's battle.  No. No, you see, that's where you're wrong. It's not just about what he's done to them he manipulated me, Paul. Okay, just like with Lily, he found me at the most vulnerable part in my life and he swooped right in and tried to control me. He posed as my friend. I was feeling guilty about losing my patient at the hospital and he helped me. And you know how he did that? By appealing to the part of me that believed that he had a good side. You don't need to apologize for being a good person.  I made it easy for him. Okay, he saw my weakness and he made the most of it, and I won't forget it forgive him for it It's not a weakness to see the best in people. And you don't need to prove yourself to anybody, I do. I have to prove it to myself. To myself, Paul. Okay I wish that there were a way for you to punish Craig without putting yourself in danger.  Okay. Tell me of the way. I'm all ears. So, will you help me or not? Yeah. I don't know. Will you let me be your backup?  You could play my jilted boyfriend. Be careful.  I'll be careful. Cause now that I have you back, and I'm not saying that I do, but if I do, I don't want to lose you again. Grandmother? Yes, Dear? I think we can both understand why Faith might not want to have a big breakfast this morning. But Faith is perfectly healthy and smart and capable of reason. Let's have no more nonsense Eat up. I don't want it. Why not? not a five-star establishment, but hey, I looked at it. This looked perfectly adequate to me. So dig in. You need your energy Lucinda What, Dear? I know what you're trying to do, and this isn't helping. And that is the opinion of a teenage psychologist? Guys, please stop. It's just that you don't force somebody with an eating disorder to eat. It seems to me that nobody has required of this young lady anything except whatever it is that she wants. Let's have some common sense around here. Meaning what? Meaning what? Meaning I'm going to sit here while she eats, and then I'm going to stay until it's too late and she can't get rid of it. Could you say it any louder? Well, if you want to be embarrassed and if that's what it takes, okay. But I'd rather see because I know that she can. So dig in. I just can't. Can't? What is can't? Come on, defeat starts in the mind. Put your mind on this. Just appreciate it. Look at all of that. Oh, the chickies and the piggies and the hams and the taties. Come on, Honey. This is a new day and I'm here to usher it in. (Emily-sighs) What is it? Spit it out. What's all this hostility? We were just talking about dirty movies. What? It's a band I used to love in Seattle. Emily's just too old to get them. You girls are just as silly as ever. It feels like old times around here. What are you doing up? Isn't this your day off? I couldn't sleep. The sun cut through my curtains like a laser. I got an idea. Since it's why don't we make a girl's day of it? You mean, like shopping? Yeah Well, I thought you were going job hunting today. What's the rush? She just got home. So what are you saying? She doesn't have to work? Emily, I have to go shopping if I'm going to have anything to wear for my job interview. Emily laughs sarcastically I'm going to go dig out some power shopping shoes. Be right down. All right, Sweetie. Aren't you being a little hard on your sister? Aren't you being a little lax? She just got home. She just got here. I don't want her to feel like she's unwelcome. Don't you think she'd feel a lot more a part of things if she had a job and an income? Look at me. If she has a real life here, she's going to want settle in first? She's been through a lot since she broke up with Aaron. And I know she doesn't talk about it, but we both know that must have been hard. So don't go making her feel all self-conscious about it. I don't think self-conscious is one of her bigger issues. Well, that's because you're not her mother. You don't see the fear in her eyes. Now I don't know exactly what went on out west, but I have the feeling that she lost a lot of confidence. And now that she's home, all the memories must come flooding back. What memories? Memories of Aaron and her life here. They had very big plans when they left here. You're coddling her and it's not going to help. Emily, I'm not coddling her. I haven't seen her I haven't seen her in ages. What's so terrible about my wanting to a baby, Mom. She may look all grown up to you, but she is still a little girl in a lot of ways. (Cell-phone-rings) Hey, what's up? I'm at the Lakeview. Can you meet me here? I've got some news about work. Oh, I'd like to, but I just made plans. I'm going to spend the day with my mom and Ali. Oh Honey, go ahead. If it's a work thing, we'll understand. No, Mother. I promised Alison I'd spend the day with her. I'm not going to go back on my word. What's the big deal? She'll understand. Em, you there? Yeah, yeah, I'm here. Everything okay? I'll be right there. Bye. You sure about this, Mom? Absolutely. I would like a little one on one time with Alison. Well, you know, maybe it's like you said. Maybe we just shouldn't push. Wow. Look at my baby. Your baby looks all grown up to me, Mom. Had to happen sometime. Emily has to work, so she won't be going shopping with us. Really? Oh, that's too bad. I thought we would go down to Old Town. You will not believe the shops that have opened up there since you left. Unbelievable. What are you drinking? Orange juice. How are you, Dusty? Fine, and you? Sorry. Sorry, sorry. You're stressed. You're right. Is it too early for vodka? Not for you. You look like you've been up since dawn. Yeah, I was. Ali had a meeting. How'd that go? How'd that go? Let's put it this way one interested in getting her life back on track. What's your mom say about it? My mo my mother doesn't know anything. What, are you kidding me? If she found out her darling Ali was doing porn and snorting meth and if Ali knew my mother knew, she'd be on the next plane back to Vegas. So what are you going to do? Be her mother, her sister, her coach, her drug counselor all rolled into one? If I have to, yeah. Well, when are you going to live your life? Ali is my life. Nobody can be your entire life. Come on. She's my sister, Dusty, and she needs me. All right, don't worry. She's out shopping with your mom right now. What could go wrong? I feel like I'm 16 again. Is that the year you got me to buy I still have them. You do. What's the matter? You can tell me. I really appreciate all this stuff Mom, it's just it's been a long time since anyone gave me a present. Oh my goodness. Well, we're going to change that, right? You think I'm the kind of person someone would want to give a present to? Of course you are. I don't know what happened to you out west, but and I'm not going to push you to tell me. Not until you're good and ready. But can I ask you one question? Okay. Is all this is it about a boy? Because if after Aaron, if you got involved with the wrong kind of guy, that happens to all of us look at me. And you're beautiful. You're smart. You've always been able to do everything you set your mind to Mom. You just need the right opportunity to show the world who you really are. And if those guys that you've been with haven't gotten that, then you've just been dating boys and not men. Don't forget it, okay?  No way. Who's that? I don't know who he is.  Well I know you ,' cause you're a star. Gina, you seen Meg?  Do you see her? No. I just wanted to talk to her.  Why? So you can start another brawl? You're probably right. Can I just get a cup of coffee, please? Hey. See what you can accomplish with willpower? (Cell-phone-rings) Hey, Dad. Yeah. We are at Al's having breakfast with Grandmother. How's Mom? Okay. I'm going to go talk to Dad outside, all right? Are you going to be okay? . And tell your father everything's okay on the home front. Thank you. Thank you for eating. It's a good start. Can I go to the bathroom? No. No, no. Not yet. I know how worried you are about your mom. What are they going to do to her in rehab? Darling, they're going to talk to her and help her. Help her do what she couldn't do alone. Help her kick those pills and get back to eating normally. You know your grandmother doesn't mince words. I've been very, very concerned about your mother. And I know that you have been too. That's why it's so important that the people she loves and that means you and me that we take care of ourselves. We take care of ourselves for her. And I want you to know, I you must know this, absolutely, that I understand how difficult it is up about everything. I want to eat, but I just I hate it, too. Well, I'm here. And I'm going to be here, I promise. I'm going to see you through this. You took a step today. It was great. So we're going to go, one step at a time, until you're the healthy girl smiling at me that I know that you really are. Is that understood? Okay. Hey, Lucinda. Hi, Faith. Hi, Paul. Everything all right? I heard things were a little rough at home. I don't think that's any of your concern. Grandma, Paul's my friend. It's okay. I just wanted to say hello. Wait, wait. Don't go. Can he sit with us, please? No, have Nelson send over the acquisition forms after you've sent the memo ton't want the board to you know what? Just do what I tell you in the order that I tell you.  Yes, Sir. Could you please tell me who Nelson is? It's only my second day. Okay. Well, unexpected. Come in.  Sorry to bother you. No, please. You are not bothering me at all. I could use a distraction. Boy, I would take that as my cue to leave.  New hire? It shouldn't be so hard to find a decent personal assistant. But I suppose it's sort of like a fine wine, or a really good woman. Excellence is rare.  Should I take that personally? Be my guest.  Thank you. So, I hope that means you've decided to believe me. About what?  The fact that I had nothing to do with what Paul told you. Ah, yes. The visions of my son child that way I know, no I know that you didn't put him up to that. It's not your style.  Okay, so then I assume that you and I have a clean slate? Hope so. What can I do for you?  Oh, I don't want a favor from you, Craig. I came to do one for you. Really? Tell me more.  I came to warn you. You're in danger. Hey, how's Mom? Dad says that she's fine. And that she wants us to know how much she loves us. And Dad reminded me that Faith has a therapy appointment in a few minutes. Bye. What, just like that? No whining? No throwing a fit? No. I'm going. Hey, give us a kiss first, Darling. I love you. I love you, Darling. Love you. Oh You know, you and I have a common interest. Outside of Faith. Not bloody likely. You want to get rid of Craig Montgomery. So do I. So what? So that puts us squarely on the same side. Trust me, we have a lot to offer one another. Trust you? If ever I were to trust you, people would think I was as insane as you appear to me. I didn't get this successful by avoiding danger, as a matter of fact. Danger has a way of following me around, like money.  So, you're not afraid of anything? Not afraid of much. But you are. What's scaring you?  Paul. What's he done to you?  Nothing. Yet. But what he told me about Johnny is just the tip of the iceberg. I think he's losing it, Craig. So you're just now allowing for years, what?  Ever since I broke off with him, he's had this rage. Well, I didn't realize  What? You had a fight, I just assumed that you had patched things up.  No, no, not this time. Paul's ruined any chance we've had of staying together. And when I told him that, he went crazy. And he blames you. Me?  Yeah, he was furious that you told me about the phony vision he had about Johnny. And and he wants to come after you. Well, Paul has wanted to come after me for years and he hasn't managed to win yet. Now, he's got the girl. Oh. That's what it is. Oh, I see. So, he's got the girl, but he just can't get over the fact that I slept with her?  He claimed that he got past it, told him that it was over, he's he won't be satisfied until he gets revenge. What kind of revenge?  He wants you dead, Craig. So did you a couple of days ago.  Yeah, but I'm not violent. We both know what Paul is capable of. He put the real bullets in that gun you got shot with, remember? Why are you worrying? Why are you doing this? Why warn me? Why not just let things take their course?  Because I couldn't live with myself if Paul came after you and I hadn't said anything. That conscience of yours just won't give you any rest, will it?  Okay, you know what? You and Paul can do this dance. But it's going to end somewhere. And if Paul won't take the first step, maybe you can. Okay, yeah you are suggesting a pre-emptive strike.  What I you. Now, I'm sure that's the only reason why you came here today was to warn me?  Yes. No. No, there's something else. I can see it.  You're right. There is something else. That is so cute. He thinks you're a movie star.  What did I see you in? I think you're confused.  No, no, I have a great memory for cinema. I know I've seen you in something. Sorry, not me. When I was in L.A ., people always thought I was in the business. I mean, if you're blonde and my age, who isn't?  Hold on a second, all right? Because it will come to me. Uh, was it a new Ben Stiller movie? Nope. Maybe.  It was a video. I saw you in a video. Let's go, Mom than being mistaken for a movie star. Go on.  Um, okay, I got it. I know what it was. It was that really sexy video with um Justin Timberlake Of course. Really, you got me. Can we go now, Mom.  All right, look. I know I don't have any paper, but maybe you can sign my back? Well, I've got a pen. This is too weird. Let's go, Mom. Come on. I've got a pen. Mom, come on. When was the last time you were at the Intruder? I don't know. I don't know, I've been busy. Well, newspapers don't run themselves, you know. What happened to " Aliens in Oakdale Ten ways to tell if your partner is from another planet? " Yeah, yeah, I've been meaning to talk to do it anymore. Honestly, this whole situation with Ali I can't just give her half my attention If you're going to give up your whole life for her, you're going to lose yourself. And then what good would you be to anybody? Maybe I'm just sick of fighting. Who do you have to fight? Craig. Hello? Worldwide, or whatever the hell he's calling it now, still owns half my paper and I want to be in bed with him about as much as I want to drink a can of paint. What if I told you you could go to work and never see Montgomery again? I'd say tell me more. I'm buying the Intruder outright. You don't have that kind of do you have that kind of money? I had stock options. I made Craig an offer, he accepted. The lawyers are taking care of the rest. What share of Worldwide. Why would you why would you do that? You could've cashed in your shares and made a fortune. You wouldn't have had to work for years. I think aliens might have a comeback. You know, alien stories? Whatever. Whatever. I am out of a job. You did this for me. Don't get soft on me now. Well, you're just going to have you're going to have to suck it up, because I need to thank you. Well, make it quick. Thank you. Great. Do you want to celebrate? I'm not finished. Thank you. You you believed in me after everything I did. You were the only one who gave me another shot. Believed in me when I couldn't believe in myself. You've got a lot going on for you. You just get in your own way sometimes. That's going to repay you? Get the paper back on its feet and stay away from Cheri. Yeah, well, my hooking days are officially under the research category. That's good. Hey, Partner. Howdy, Partner. See, it didn't take me too long. Voila Red hots Are you kidding me? No, it's just like old times. You like sauerkraut, right? Oh, my God You don't know how homesick I got for these when I was in L.A. I'd lie down on my bed and I'd remember how whenever I was feeling down, you'd bring me these to cheer me up. You're the best. I'm so glad you're back. You'll never have to be homesick again. Phone rings Hello? Oh, hi, Doctor Emory. I wasn't expecting those results for 48 hours. Uh, yes. Yes, I think we 'll be in. The lab never gets anything on time, except on my day off. I have to go into the hospital. Really? What a drag I know. This was supposed to be our day. You know what? I'm going to call him back and see if Bob can do it. Oh, no, Mom. You shouldn't. I'm being a baby. Talking about sick people here and that more important. I'm not going anywhere. We'll have plenty of time together. Are you sure? Oh, Sweetie, thank you for understanding. You still hate to disappoint me, don't you? Am I that transparent? No, you're just the best. I'll be back soon. Freedom You and I are on the same side now, Lucinda. I have my doubts about that. I understand why it's tough for you to trust me cross purposes. Oh, is that what you call the baby-switch? I didn't switch those babies, Craig did. Yeah, but when you found out about it, you didn't let anybody know. You didn't let the grieving mother know. You just let her go on suffering. I thought I could spare my sister from a lifetime of being saddled with Craig. And I was wrong about that. But I wasn't wrong about Craig. He's dangerous. You know that. After what he's done to you, and your company, and your daughter Craig says that he took my company in order to force me to tell him where Johnny is. Now that's something, a scheme, that you set in motion. And if I hadn't done that, then Craig just would have just taken the baby away from Gwen as opposed to Dusty. Which doesn't bother you, I guess, because down the line, didn't say that Look, I know you want somebody to blame, but I'm not the enemy here, okay? And maybe I shouldn't have kept the secret that I kept, but in the end, it didn't change anything. And Craig taking your company away from you? That's not my fault either. You want to hate me? Go right ahead, if it makes you feel better. But, do me a favor don't let your need to control everything affect the way that you treat Faith. Faith is none of your concern I care a lot about Faith. Look, you can you can say anything you want, but i can't trust you. And let me tell you something. There's no way I would trust you. You stay away from me. You stay away from her. Just give us a wide berth. Yeah, I'm sorry. I don't think I can some other reason why you dragged yourself here. So, fess up.  I feel guilty. No, Baby, guilt's a waste of energy. And you have apologized about Paul.  I'm not talking about what Paul did. I'm talking about what I did. To you. And what exactly was that that you did to me?  I got involved with you knowing my feelings for Paul were unresolved. It wasn't fair. Life isn't fair. And people use each other. Sometimes it's a warm body for the night, sometimes it's to make someone jealous.  Are you telling me that we were just warm bodies for each other? The time that we spent together meant something and I'm sorry I hurt you. Did you hurt me? I'm sorry. Did I complain?  No, but that's just you being stoic. And if I don't feel regrets, and I'm supposed  Because if I hadn't gone with Paul after being with you, you wouldn't have gone after my family. Oh, Meg. Meg, we were attracted, we had sex and that's as far as it went.  Why are so afraid to face me? Why are you so afraid to admit I hurt you? That I betrayed you? That you and I had something that Do not toy with me, little girl If you want to watch people bleed, you go get yourself another boy  Good. Good. Get mad Tell me that I deserve to feel guilty. At least that would be the man I know and grew to care for. That would be real. Real? You do not know what real is.  I know that I'm the only person in this world that knows what's going on inside you. And I hate I hate that I was careless with your heart, Craig. the edge that you did something terrible. But I know there's so much more inside you. And the world has got to see it. Why?  Because you deserve it. Mom? Where are you, Emily? I'm home. Where are you? I'm still at the hospital. Didn't Alison tell you? I had an emergency consult. No, I think she probably had other things on her mind. Well, I left a couple of red hots on the table there, but I probably won't be back to eat mine. You're welcome to it. Oh, yeah. You know how I love red hots. Thanks, Mom. Emily, I really hated that I had to leave Alison to come into work. Can you keep her company? Make sure she has everything she needs? Sure, Mom. No problem. Thanks, Sweetie. I'll see you later. . Dusty, it's me. It's just like I thought. My mother had to go to the hospital, and my drug addict sister is who-the-hell- knows where? Don't you underestimate me. Okay look, I'd love to tell you more, but right now, it's only important that you believe that I'm on your side. I don't believe anything you say. The only thing I know and believe is that you're a menace. So, stay out of my path. Don't come near my family. Stay out of my path. Virtue is overrated, Meg, and I don't give a damn what the world thinks about me. Now, are you so sure I'm a good man?  I don't think my opinion matters to you anymore. I have always respected your we're different, you and I. When I decide on what I want, I do not change direction. lot, lately. You know, I'm working on that. Yeah well, when you figure out where your loyalties lie, do let me know.  You know, maybe you could help me decide. If you want. You know, I better go.  Yeah, you better. Just when it gets good, right? You go.  Look, I can tell you don't trust me. Really? Oh, really? Can you blame me for that? It wasn't long ago, you stood right here. You accused me of being the devil himself. Now you want me to just accept this sudden turnaround?  I've been trying to explain that to you. You took a company away from my family. And I feel I'm the reason that happened. I'm not an idiot not to see the choices I've made. Like going back to Paul?  I shouldn't have walked away from you. I should that?  Yes. Okay. Let's go.  Where? Oh, it doesn't matter. You choose. Your place or mine. It doesn't matter.  Why? Why? You're expecting me to believe, a shocking turnaround, I need to know if it's real.  It's real. Good. Then prove that in bed.  You're so sure of yourself, aren't you? Is there some reason I shouldn't be?  Yeah. I haven't said yes. You need to cool down, Montgomery. So, you're not interested then?  I admit that sleeping with you is a very attractive proposition, but it will be on my own terms and in my own time. On the next " As the World Turns. " You think you can hook me up? Alison Stewart when did you get back in town? C I think it's time long do you have? 
Aren't you Jesse? For you? Yeah, I'll be Jesse. Or Harry or whoever you want. And you would be? Alison. Hello, Alison. Yeah, same old Jesse. Too bad you didn't think I was all that in high school. You went to Latin? No way. Yeah, and you wouldn't give me the time of day. Oh, I must have been blind. You were busy. You had a pretty hopping candy business going out of your parents' basement. Candy? I don't know what you mean. I mean, I wasn't a customer back then, but I might like to be one now you think you could hook me up? Alison Stewart? Hey, Alison. When did you get back in town? Hey, I talked to Danny last night, and he said to tell you that you were right. About what? Some advice that you gave him . Something about remember that this is boarding school, not boring school? Danny's probably the only one who still thinks my jokes are funny. Might want to tell him to get his advice from somewhere else from now on .' Cause look where he might end up. Hey, I didn't bring up your little brother to make you feel bad. Everything makes me feel bad, Mom, all right, especially you using the small talk to try and make me feel better. All right, all right, okay, okay. No, I'm sorry that's still what I love about you the most you're always trying to cheer me up. Don't apologize to me, please. This is really hard for all of us. And I just brought up your little brother so that you know he feels safe and he's okay, and it's just one less thing for you to worry about. When I here. You don't know what what the sentencing is gon na be. I mean, you could get probation. You could get community service. Or ten years. Or ten years. But your father, he submitted a brief on the obstruction of justice charges, and he made it very clear Adam's role in it. But without Adam here, it doesn't really do much, does it? It's just hearsay. Well, you don't know. The judge could still consider it. I wish he'd call me in already. What's taking him so long? I'm sure your dad has probably heard something by now. I'll go find out what's going on. You take care. Did you see Mom? She's looking for you. Yeah, put down the phone, Son. No, I want to call Maddie. She's going to be worried sick about me. I want Sorry, Casey. I can't let you do that now. I didn't really know where else to go. That's fine, you're always welcome here. Do you want something to eat? Will and I were about to No, I can't eat. I can't even think straight. Hey, what's going on? Casey was told last night that he's being sentenced today. Today? Yeah. He could be going in front of a judge any minute. Well Maddie, why aren't you there? His parents they won't let me near him. Why not? I don't know after Margo caught us together, she's convinced that something really bad will happen if I go near him. Like what? He's arrested. I know. She thinks, I don't know, like I corrupted him or something. I don't understand. . You're not the first people on the planet to do it. Maybe they're just really freaked out about Casey and I guess this is their way of trying to keep control of everything. I know. I know that they're scared, but I'm scared, too, and I know Casey has to be the most terrified out of all of us. And I just I can't stand it. I can't what if they take him away before I even get to say good-bye to him? Okay, come on, let's go. Where? The police station. Margo's the chief of police. Yeah, well, it's a public place. She can't keep you away. She can try. Well, we'll try harder.  You ran away to C New York.  With? C With Will.  Because? C Because they were trying to take my baby Mm-hmm. Except somebody came to get you. Who? C My sister, Carly. Only we didn't know that we were sisters yet.  Right, because? C Because pupil was messing with our heads. Come on, do we have to do this? I already know all of it.  No, you don't. Not if you're calling your mother pupil. Her name is Iris. C I know. I was making a joke. Didn't it ever occur to you that everything would fall into place if I could just get out there and practice?  It's not going to fall into place if you don't know your family members' names. C That's ridiculous. People mess up their family's names all the time. My mom used to call all of us by the same name. She'd be like, " Ruth, no, Delbert, I mean, Cleo. " And then she'd just give up and ask one 's not how Gwen is. C I am Gwen.  The real Gwen knows all her family's names. C You know, I have to say, you're making this about as fun as studying for an exam.  Cleo, this is like studying for an exam. Except I'm paying you. So can we please focus on getting you a good grade? C Okay. But I want to go outside and get some fresh air first.  No, Cleo, no. C Excuse me, I am not your prisoner.  Cleo, somebody could see you. C And what? Arrest me for breathing free air? That's ridiculous. (Knock-at-the-door)  Shh. That's probably the manager saying we're making too much noise. Be quiet. Luke? Where have you been?  How did you know I was here? I didn't. I saw your car coming back from basketball practice. And I described you to the manager.  Look, Jade, I was really worried about you. You didn't show up for dinner last night or you weren't there for breakfast this morning  Oh, I decided to take a break. From me?  I didn't say that. You didn't need to. Look, I know I slammed you really hard about giving my mom those pills, but I don't know I thought maybe we could talk about it? So can I come in?  No we can talk here. You really are mad at me, aren't you?  No, I'm not mad at you. Well then why are you staying at this dump?  Listen, the place is not that bad, okay? And you know me better than that. How often have I ever held a grudge after one of our arguments? Off the top of my head? Like three times.  You are so lame. Just really want me to go, don't you, Jade?  I'm busy. Why are you so eager to get rid of me? Wait, you have somebody in there, don't you? I'm right, aren't I? You've got somebody in there.  Yeah, yeah, you're right. I'm a big slut. Hey, I didn't call you that.  Yeah, but it's what you think. You think some guy picked me up and he took me back here and we're having a hell of a time. Okay, Jade, I'm sorry that I came down really hard on you, but I'm really stressed out with what's happening with my mom. You know, I thought you might like to know she checked herself into rehab last night.  Oh, my God, Luke, I'm really sorry. Yeah, well, it's probably the best thing she could do go that's like some place to talk that's not a hallway?  Nowhere. Are you sure you're okay?  Yes, I was fine until you interrupted. Because when I came to the door, I thought I heard arguing. If there's some guy giving you a hard time I feel  Luke, no, there was no guy. It's the maid. The maid?  Yeah, she's a thief. A thief?  Yeah. You know that silver bracelet that I have? I left it on the night stand, and when she came to clean, it was gone. Well, then why did you tell me the story about the one night stand?  Because I thought it's what you'd believe. Oh, my god, we are really, really out of synch. Look, I feel really terrible.  About what? Because I feel like it's my fault that you  Luke, Luke, its okay. I just need to deal with this. I just don't want her to leave until I get my bracelet back, okay? Then let me help.  I don't want to open up a federal case. I can handle it. Why?  Luke, there are so many things you just don't understand. Okay, I know what it's like to take something from somebody because you don't have anything nice of your own. All right, let me just handle this my way. Okay. I mean, if you say so  Yeah. But if you want to talk, I can meet you somewhere. Okay, where?  I can meet you in Old Town in like 20 minutes. Let me just deal with the maid, all right? And Luke, I'm really sorry about your mom. Okay. Then see you there. C Sorry. Who was that? . C Oh. Hey, where are you going?  I'm going out, all right? Now you study these names. C Wait a minute, hold on a second, I'm really hungry.  There's a soda in the mini-fridge. You can have this. C Ew. Hey, I have an idea. Do you think that we could kick this meal up a notch? That's from Emeril. He's my favorite chef.  Cleo, this'll tide you over until I can get you something when I get back. But don't go anywhere, I mean it. C Okay. In Gwen voice Don't go anywhere, I mean it. Stupid. Simmons told me you came from seeing the clerk? That's right. The judge made his decision. Hey, it's not like we didn't know it was going to happen. I just want you to know, whatever the judge's decision is that going to see you through this. Look, Mom, Dad, I don't want you to be worried about me. I'm gon na be fine in there. We ready? Yeah. Casey, you're still here. I'm so glad we're not too late. Yeah, we're on our way to see the judge now. We want to go with you. I wish you'd have respected our request and stayed away from these proceedings. Wait, don't blame Maddie. This was my idea to come down here. I don't think it helps to have It helps me. Look, we can't keep the judge waiting. Dad, whatever my sentence is, he's already made up his mind. Is two minutes really going to matter? Okay, two minutes. You guys don't know how much it means that you're here. I want to be we all do. We know that you got your parents, but we really care about you. Been through a lot together. We want to be here for you. Look man, it was my idea to come down here. I figured you'd want us to. But if it's too much pressure, then we understand. We just want what's best for you. You know what I really want right now? What? Is for you guys to take Maddie to Al's. Casey It's what I want. It's what I want, okay? I'll call you when I find out. Okay. Casey, the judge is waiting. Maddie, I'm always going to love you. Don't forget that. I love you, too. Did you by any chance happen to notice I was in the middle of a conversation? Sorry, I didn't mean to chase they're just kids I went to high school with. Didn't think they were a crowd you wanted to hang out with. How do you know what I want? You're right, I don't. I'm sorry, none of my business. You're right, it isn't. Why don't we go back and start over again. Hey, Alison, it's great to see you. Yeah, whatever. Aaron come back with you? Why do you care? Well, I'm just wondering. You back for good, or is it just a little visit? Like I said, why do you care? Well, for one thing, Emily's really missed you. She was very upset when you decided to leave. But not as upset as when you left her holding her wedding bouquet. If I could go back and undo some of the mistakes I've made with Emily, I'd jump at the chance. Look, if you ask me? The best thing you could do for Emily is steer clear of her. And you know what, the next time you run into me? You can just leave me alone, too. What did you just say? I said, leave me alone. Hey? What's up with you? Are you okay? Do I need to call a doctor or something? No, no, I'm okay. Maybe you should just sit down I'm fine. No, you're not. You look like you've seen a ghost. Yeah, well, for a second there, I you remind me of somebody. You've known me most of my life. I know, which is why it's really weird. I don't think I can tell you why Don't worry about it. People always think they know me there was this guy who swore I looked like this movie star that I didn't even know her name. You know what they say about everybody having a double. Well, I'd better get going. Yeah, catch up with your friends. No, actually, I'm job hunting. Hey, well, good luck with that. Thanks. Although, I think I'm going to need a little more than luck. If you know anything I thought you wanted me to leave you alone. Right. So forget it. What do you want to eat, Maddie? I don't want anything. Come on, you've got to put something in your system. No, I don't. I can't eat and I can't sleep. I just keep thinking the same thing that I've been thinking since the day Casey turned himself in that I'm going to lose him. You do . That's at the absolute worst. He'll probably get less, right? I mean, a lot less. No, I should've I shouldn't have let him come back. I should've made him keep going north when he found us in that cabin. You couldn't have kept him from coming back. He wanted to do the right thing. The right thing would have been to change our names and go to Canada. And then what? You have no work, you have no friends, you have no one to count on if something goes wrong. Doesn't matter. We would have had each other. And you would've been fugitives. That's a really great life. We would have worked things out. At least we wouldn't be apart ever. Maddie, you can't say that things would've been better if you'd run away. Because it's just not true. And for you. And this is better? At least you're safe. And I can't stay here. I need to be with him. Wait, what about Tom and Margo? If I can't see him at the courthouse, then I'll just wait for them at the house. And you really think that's a good idea right now? You two just told me not to worry. So I'm going to think positive and wait at the house and hope that he comes back and he tells me that he just got community service. Why can't we just wait here and see what happens? You think that he's going to be thrown in jail already, don't you? No, we're not saying that. We're just saying we don't know what's going to happen, and it'd probably be better if you were with friends right now. You know what, maybe it'll thing that I see in Casey. That he's a good person who just made a really bad decision and he's going to get a second chance. And I honestly hope that you're right. But one way or another, you're not going to be alone right now. So either you're going to stay here, or we're going to come with you. No No, we're going to wait with you until Tom and Margo at least get home. No, guys, no. You want to come with me because you think that they're going to put him in jail and I'm going to go crazy. Okay, he's going to come home. And when he does, I'm going to wrap my arms around him and tell him how much I love him. Are you sure you're going to be okay on your own? Yes, I'm sure I'll be fine. Will you do will you at least call us? Yeah. But he is going to come home.  Hey. Sorry I took so long. Oh, that's okay. Did you get your bracelet?  Huh, what? The bracelet that the maid stole.  Oh, yeah, I put it in the safe. The Wagon Wheel has a safe? I guess you learn something new every day.  Yeah, I just don't want to be away from the room too long. I bet that creepy manager has a passkey. Jade, why are you even staying there? You have a home with us.  Sometimes it's just easier to think about your life when nobody's around. Why don't you just admit that you're still mad about what I said?  Because I'm not mad. I understand why you're worried about Lily. But my mom is a grown woman. If she can't control how fault. I mean, they sell those things over the counter.  I know. I know they do. And I never thought that she was going to get into trouble with them. She's just always been so together, you know what I mean? I know, it's just it is so weird for me to see her meltdown like that. But I'm sorry. I shouldn't have taken that out on you.  Luke, it's okay, we all blow up at friends sometimes. Yeah, but Jade, you're more than a friend you're my family. And I blasted you so hard that you felt like you had to leave the house.  It's okay. It's really not a big deal. No, it's like I didn't even think about how many times you stood up for me. Like when I was coming out and everything. You totally stood up for me to Kevin when he was deserved it. Well, you know, we're kind of actually friends again.  Well, he should worship you. You did save him at the lake last summer. Yeah, but it was you who made him realize how petty he was. And Jade, I am never going to forget that.  You've really been thinking about this a lot, haven't you? Yeah, I have. I've been driving around looking for you. I mean, I couldn't sleep thinking about what I said to you. You don't deserve that.  Luke, it's really it's okay. It's not worth it, Luke. Really. So you gon na come home?  No. Why?  I'm just not ready yet. But you said you weren't mad anymore.  I'm not. I just need a break. I think it's better if I have some distance between me and are you worried that told my dad that you gave my mom the pills? Because I didn't.  No, it's not that. I just need a break. Look, Jade, I never meant to push you away. And you know, what am I going to tell my dad and the girls?  I don't know. Just tell them that I am staying with a girlfriend. They're not even going to notice I'm gone with everything that's been going on. You sure I can't change your mind?  No, not today. I'm sorry. But I will call you. I'll call you. Okay. But you better make it soon.  Yeah. C Hey.  What are you doing? I told you to stay put C And I told you that I'm ready to go public.  You are ready to go public when I say you are. Would you stand back? Casey's dorky roommate. C His roommate? His name's Elwood, right?  Yeah, Elwood. C He's supposed to have a crush on me, right?  Yeah, all the more reason for you to get out of here. C I think it makes him the perfect guinea pig.  No way, Cleo. No way C Yes way. I think it's time that we kick it up a notch.  Forget it. I told you, you're not ready and I mean it. All right, good. He's gone. You can get back to the motel, Cleo Cleo goes around the corner and puts on her Gwen wig Cleo? Cleo? Cleo, get back here Cleo? C Hey, Elwood.  Oh, hey, Gwen. Gwen which version of " Middle east in the 21st century " did Dr. Kramer want us to get again? C Which version?  Yeah, you know, . They're both on the shelf. C I don't remember.  Okay, what, are you trying to bust my chops? You were the one who asked Kramer which one we should get in the first place. Really, which one is it? I keep thinking about what Maddie said what if it were you in that courtroom and some judge was going to decide how long it was going to be before I could see you again? It was me a few years ago. I honestly have no idea how that must've even felt. You know when you're so scared that you don't know how to feel? It was kind of like that. I was a lot younger than Casey when it was happening to me, and I was getting torn away from my family. I just kind of shut down. But it wasn't the first time that I'd been through something like that. I mean, I spent time at about when you were accused of setting that fire? Yeah. Well honestly, I can't believe that Alison let you take responsibility for that. I mean, you were just a kid. Well wait, she came clean eventually. And I know that she felt bad. Yeah, she should've. Wow, what a coincidence. You know, you guys used to be friends. I know. I know, I guess we just lost contact. Well, look at the good side if you guys hadn't have been friends, then she never would have introduced you to me. True. Hey, Alison. Hey. Hey, Will, Gwen. How are the lovebirds? We're doing great. So how's Oakdale treating you? Are you keeping busy, or are you still bored? There're a few things I'm interested in. Do you want to sit down, talk a little two have already ordered. Oh, no, no. We're just getting started actually. And the last time we saw you, we didn't get to catch up at all. So, excuse me? Will, no I'm not going to eat with you guys, okay? I got ta go. Please be home. He's Casey? He's your son? That's right. I wanted you to get to know Maddie before she moves in. Moves in? What happened today I don't know, it might not be such a bad thing. At least now we can see each other more. I thought you couldn't stand me. Only occasionally. If you went away, I would've missed you. Your hand is cold. Yeah, well, I guess it's freezing You know what you are? Oh, let me you are a sneak. Actually, you're worse than that. You were like real sneaky. You put on this whole front where you act like you're all cute and innocent, and it's just a disguise for a mean, mean person. Okay, it is not my fault that you're just really bad at this game. Oh, that's really nice. Really nice. It just doesn't seem fair. It's not. Not to you. But I brought this on myself. Do you know when? No, my dad just said he was going to talk to someone about the calendar. So we don't know how much time we have? We have right now. Maddie? Oh, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes, hi. I'm sorry. I know that you really don't want me hanging around here, but I couldn't stop worrying about Casey. He's my God. I prayed so hard. And then when I saw your parents coming and you weren't with them, I was scared they'd taken you away and I'd never see you again. Are you okay? We'll be inside if you need anything. Thanks. What happened? What did the judge say? Well, it wasn't as bad as I thought. I knew it. I knew that he wasn't going to be tough on you. Especially because it's your first offense. So, okay, do you have community service? Not exactly. What does that mean? I didn't get community service at all. It's always some other mother, isn't it, you know? At the police station, or at the courthouse who's crying' cause their kid's done something rotten and they're going to prison. And they swear they never saw it coming. And I always said be happening to me. " You can't blame yourself for this, Honey. Well, Barbara was right, wasn't she, when she said I act so superior when it comes to my boys. My precious sons. Well, look what's happened now. Look how many people they've hurt. Look how they've hurt themselves, how they hurt each other. I mean, Adam he's lost to us. And Casey Six months Six months We thought it was going to be a lot worse than that, remember? He's going to prison, Tom. Our little boy is going to prison. Its okay, Ali. No pressure. You don't have to eat with us. That was kind of over the top, huh? Are you okay? Yeah, I was just job hunting. Well, that's always stressful. Yeah, and I'm supposed to, except I don't have any. So I was going to grab a coffee with about ten sugars and hope it gets me through another lecture about why I should've gone to college. But next time, okay? Yeah, next time. She hates me. She doesn't hate you. She's probably just uncomfortable seeing the two of us together. Why? You said it, I mean, she's the one who introduced us. Yeah, but we're happy. So? So she probably wishes she had as much luck with her love life as we did with ours. You really think that's it, huh? You know, I don't want to think about her. I don't really want to think about her either. I'm worried about Maddie, though. I think we should go check on her. She made it pretty clear she didn't want us to. Well, go do something. Well, I have some activities in mind that we could do this afternoon. While we're in the neighborhood, do you mind if we stop at a bookstore? I have to get a book for my world politics class. That wasn't exactly what I was thinking. But that's okay, that's fine. We can do that, too. Alison, I'm so glad I caught up with you. What are you, stalking me? No. I need you to say something for me. Get lost, Paul, or I'm going to really start to think you're a freak. I know that it's a little weird. But it'll only take a second and then I promise I will leave you alone. If you could just say something for me. Like what? Five little words. " I know what you did. " Fine. I know what you I got the wrong book, I can just go back and exchange it now' cause I'm here. C Um, let me see. Yeah, that's it. That's it. That's the one.  Great. Not .' Cause the abridged version is like 100 pages shorter. C Well, you love to read, don't you, Elwood?  Yes. I also like to be read to. Any time you feel like ditching that will fella and whispering the Middle East histories into my ear, then you're more than welcome. C You know, Elwood, that's going to be very hard to refuse, but I think I'm going to have to stick with my husband on this one.  Fine, have it your way. If you change your mind, you know where to find me. C Did you see it? I mean, I totally nailed it. He totally thought that I was Gwen He even hit on aren't you? C Yeah, pretty much. But I can't take all the credit. I mean, you did teach me everything that I know.  You know, I'm glad that loser didn't catch on, but the next time you pull a stunt like that, you're on the next bus back home. C Are you threatening me?  Facts, Cleo. I'm giving you the facts. C Well, here's a fact that you can hold on to, all your bullying? It's not working for me. I know what you did. Rosanna. Hey, Jesse.  Yo, it's the hottie again. We got interrupted before you could tell me if you could help me out with a little purchase I want to make. I'm sorry, but I don't know you. Remember, I told you that we went to high school Yeah, I know you told men't remember you. And I only do business with friends. Close friends. Why would I lie to you? Men laughing You think I'm a cop? The whole we went to high school together thing is pretty typical 5-O. Look, I'm not a cop, really. I could just really need to score some ice. I don't know what that is. Crystal meth. Do I have to spell it out for you? Save your breath. Why? Don't you have any? Do you know somebody who could help me? Maybe. How much green you got? None. I mean, I have some, it's just not on me right now. But if you could just spot me, I could go and get it from an ATM First, she wants what I don't have, then she thinks I'm a bank? Get real. Please. I'm good for the town. I could easily Forget it. Forget it. No cash, no candy. No excuses. You remember when Casey was a little boy and he was taken from us? Please, honey, don't torture yourself. Well, I can't help it, because it's coming up. Do you remember when he was kidnapped? It was the worst day of my life. I just turned around and he was gone, in an instant. And do you remember in that instant, when you realized that he's not hiding, he's not lost, he really is gone? Do you remember how everything went into slow motion? And you said to yourself, " how could I have let that happen? " I don't think we should be doing this. It's no more your fault now than it was then. Casey got himself into this situation. But you remember that helplessness? Do you remember how you just prayed that you could go back and you could do it again, and you could do something different. Or, god, if you could just do anything different. But you can't. Because there's this weight on you, and you can't move. That's how I feel. Me, too. Baby, we should have done something different. What? Live Casey's life for him? We did the best we could to protect him and to love him. We can't protect him anymore. No. We can't. He's just going to go into that place and he's going to be all alone and there is nothing that you and I can do. Six whole months? How long do you have before you have to go? I mean, please tell me it's a few weeks. I'm sorry I can't make this better for you. How long? A is my project, Cleo, and I'm the one who calls the shots. C But I'm the one who's playing Gwen. I'm the one who needs the practice.  Did it ever occur to you that while you were practicing on Elwood that somebody who knows Gwen a hell of a lot better could have walked right up, and you would've been lost in never never land? C But nobody did. Why can't you just give me credit for doing a really good job?  Cleo, because you could've just as easily blown up the whole thing. It just you got lucky, okay? That's it. Dumb luck.  Gwen, that's the abridged version. Yeah.  Well, I just got the unabridged. Well, why did you do that? Weren't you listening in class when I asked the teacher which one we should buy?  Yeah. But you just told me to get the unabridged that?  Like, just now. Did you change clothes? Are you stoned, man?  No, will, I'm not stoned. Are you two trying to pull the wool over my eyes? Why would we do that?  Because everyone loves to play tricks on Elwood. Look, I know what I saw, and you were wearing something else. 
Hi. Oh, we're good. You know, I don't know if I I don't know if I actually ever properly thanked you. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't been willing to come by when I was miscarrying. I guess making house calls runs in the family. Hi, Mom. Hey, Alison. What are you doing here? Oh, I just dropped off some food from Al's. I figured Gwen and will wouldn't, like, you know, feel like cooking. Oh, that was so thoughtful Yeah, she's been really, really great. I heard you two talked to dr. Akido about certain options? You know, we've I've explained everything to Alison, so you can say what you need to say. Oh, okay. Dr. Akido told me that you've decided to try in-vitro fertilization with an egg donor. I just wanted to be sure . Yeah, dr. Akido said that it might be a long process. And very frustrating. You have to find a donor, first of all a viable donor. And that could take months. You have to put your names on a long waiting list. Actually, mom, they're going to be able to skip that part. They have a donor. Really? How did you find one so quickly? We kind of had a friend step up for us. Oh do you mind if I ask who? Me. (Sofie-gasps) You okay?  Yeah. Yeah, I just felt the baby move. I mean, I think that's what it was. It was like like a little flutter. Do you want to see if you can feel it, too? Sorry, I didn't mean to freak you out. No, no, no, I'm not freaked out.  Are you sure  Okay. Ooh, there it is. Oh, that's pretty cool.  Isn't it? That's hard to imagine that little butterfly is going to be a bump pretty soon, huh? A little baby.  It suddenly feels so real. I mean, finally sharing it with someone else. You still haven't told Cole that you're pregnant?  Not yet. Well, lucky you. Because in about a minute, you're going to get your chance. I was just about to call you. How did you know I was here? Lily, you didn't answer my question. What are you doing dressed like that? Way to make a girl feel sexy, Holden. I did it for you. Carly? Hey, hey can you hear me? Huh? Are you okay? There you are. Jack? I'm right here. What what just happened? I and now I'm not. Don't, don't, don't don't get up too fast. Just take a couple of deep breaths for me, okay? Okay. What's going on? Carly fainted. Surprise, surprise. Fainted from what? Lack of a better idea, maybe? She seemed perfectly fine earlier this afternoon when she followed me to the sample sale and tried to buy the dress that I wanted. She did? Carly, I consider myself a rather patient man, but you are really starting to wear me out. I'm sorry, Jack. I shouldn't have tried to put one over on you. So, you admit it? This was just another another play for attention? What can I say? An opportunity presented itself and I took it I wanted to get your attention, yeah. I'm sorry. Could you could you help It's got to just Katie and I are getting married, and none of these tricks are going to change that. So, would you stop, please? Following us and fainting, and trying to make me jealous? You're right, yeah. What if the kids had been here? What if they would have seen this? What were they supposed to get from this? That scheming is a perfectly fine way of getting what you want? Carly, what good does that do any of us? None. No good. You're absolutely right. Okay, then if you mean that, cut it out. Katie and I are getting married. You're just going to have to find a way to deal with it. You can not volunteer to be an egg donor. It's out of the question. I already did, mom. And besides, I think that's my decision. Well, obviously, you haven't thought it through. time alone. No, this concerns all three of you. I can't believe you're coming down on me like this. I'd have thought you, of all people, would be a little more sympathetic. Honey, I am sympathetic. I know what it's like to want a baby more than anything on earth. And you'd never have had that if Emily hadn't been willing to give you one of her eggs. So if I can do that for will and Gwen, that's what I'm going to do. Honey, it's not that simple. It's a lot easier than when you did it, mom. I've checked online. They do it now with an ultrasound. I can be put to sleep. If you're worried about whether it's safe for Alison or not, we're not going to take any chances. We'll do all the right tests to make sure that she's demand it. It's just I'm not sure that it's the right time for Alison to put herself through this. Why not? Because, even if you are a viable donor, and you're physically up for it, have you thought about the emotional ramifications? Have any of you? This is not some simple medical procedure that you do over the course of few months. If you do this, the three of you will be tied together for the rest of your lives. Are you prepared for that? Lily, I don't get it. We had a fight and you get dressed up like this? I put on a sexy dress, I thought we could spend some time alone. My master plan isn't working. I feel like a fool. Forget it No, no, no. I'm sorry. You just you threw me, that's all. You do look pretty sexy. Yeah? Are took me by surprise, that's all. But, now that I know what's going on correct me if I'm wrong, but you are part owner of this hotel, aren't you? I am, yes. Could you get us a room?  Can you float me a loan? Just a few bucks.  Yeah, I guess. How come?  Some new CDs are coming out today. I want to listen to them at work.  They haven't paid you yet?  All right, look, if you're going to give me an attitude about it  I don't have an attitude I was just I was just wondering.  I'm supposed to get paid later today. Can you help me out?  Sure. Here.  Thanks. I'll stop by during my break.  I know. There's somebody at table three. So, I told you why I was downstairs here. I was hoping that we could make up, too. I just wasn't as imaginative as you. I guess we're on the same wavelength, huh? Champagne? Ownership has its privileges. Yes, it does. Can I pour you a drink? In a minute. I just want to look at you first. You like what you see? It's different. In a bad way? No. It's not the thing that I would think you would pick Nat up in from her play group, but it's just you and me. I have no problem with it. No problem at all. I think I went a little far with the eye makeup. But the dress is okay, if I do say so myself. I disagree. I think it's way more than okay. You can't blame a girl for trying. Maybe he can't, but I can. this whole thing, but when is it going to end? First, you were at the apartment we were looking at, and then you follow me to the sample sale, and now this? All in one day Look, Katie honestly, I swear to you, I yeah. You're right. You know, my behavior is inexcusable. I won't bother you two again. What? I just said that I wouldn't bother you, is that what you wanted? Yeah, that is that is what we want. Come on. We have people waiting for us. I'll see you later. The shower. Yes. Later. Yeah. That was nice. That was a really that was really nice. You really got to Jack with that little stunt. I mean, now what do you do to seal the deal? I know that you're worried that we haven't thought about all the consequences, but lot already, Mom. Have you talked about what it's going to feel like, Gwen, if the baby has Alison's eyes or her smile? It's not going to be a problem, because we want to include her in the child's life. Include her? As what? As exactly what she is, someone who made our dream come true. It worked in our family, mom. Alison, don't you remember all the problems we had? Emily didn't know half the time whether she wanted to be your mother or your sister. Yeah, but we made it work. And we can, too. Nobody can predict the future. And you're very young. This is usually thought of as a last resort. Gwen and I have been handling things for a long time that most people thought we weren't ready for. And I think we can handle this, too. There's no No, not really. Okay, then all I can say is, think about it a little more. Just take a little more time before you take the leap. You know, if you want to bail, now would be the time. Coffee from the bottom of the pot. That'll make me feel better. I'm just trying to help. I know, I'm sorry. Do you want to talk? Not about Jack and Katie. Not about why I fainted. So, no. Okay, what about the design gig? Did you meet with ed about the condo? Actually, that's a sore subject as well. How come? I thought you two were going to work together? I doubt it. I didn't know small town life had so many drawbacks. What are you talking about? Jack and Katie. I thought we weren't going to talk about them. I went to the place to check it out, take measurements. They were there. Can you believe that? They went to view the condo. They accused me of stalking them. Well, did you explain? Yes, I tried. I they were angry because I'd overheard some personal stuff. And the more I tried to explain that it was an accident, the more ridiculous I sounded, even to myself. You can't catch a break, can you? Are we playing " state the obvious "? Well, I know something that is pretty obvious that you can't seem to get, is every time you come up with a new scheme, the universe fights back. Maybe if you just gave up all the tricks I have. You were lying on the ground when I walked walked over here. Okay? Don't you think faking a swoon is a little bit high school? Whatever. come on. Look, you're backsliding. And you're lucky I'm here to keep you from going down in flames. Are you going to give me some advice? Yeah, I'm going to give you some advice. I was a trickster of tricksters, okay? I played every game in the book in order to get Katie. And but I've I don't know, turned over a new leaf. I think you should learn from me, grasshopper. There's only one thing that I want from you, brad. I really want you to leave me alone. Okay. Whatever you want. Don't say I didn't try. I'm just glad you saw through Carly's act. Can we please talk about something else? Gladly. New dress? Yeah. It's hot. You think? Mm-hmm I don't even know if I want it anymore. , but that's the reason the fita bracelet broke. What does one have to do with the other? I had the saleslady hold it for me while I ran downstairs to get money from the ATM. And when I came back, Carly was wearing it. We had words, and she threw it at me, and that's when the bracelet broke. It fell off my wrist. So where's the downside? Your wish was supposed to come true when it fell off and it fell off. And it came true. I know, and I'm thrilled. I just feel weird, okay? I don't really want to wear a dress that Carly just had on. It's like bad karma. Oh, I don't believe in any of that junk. Here, try it on. Wow Now, how could anything that looks like that be bad karma? I guess it helps that the most beautiful woman in the world is me? Because I thought so Katie, I can't see it on anybody else, okay? You look amazing. I just want to be special for you. Have you ever been anything else? Whoa, whoa hey. No, I just lost my balance. These shoes, I knew I shouldn't have worn these shoes. No you weren't faking, were you? We already talked about this. Alison said that she was on board. I totally am. And everything I told my mom was the truth. If we start this and you get cold feet Do you want me to pinky swear, will? I mean, whatever it takes, I'm not going to back out of this. I hope not, because Gwen and I have been through a lot. Don't you know by now I would never do anything to hurt either of you? I want to believe means almost as much to me as it does to you guys. I won't let you down, I promise. We believe you. Thank you. But I should tell you, I do have one condition. Okay. As soon as the baby's old enough, I want you to tell him or her how they got here. Of course we'll tell them. What makes you ask that now? Because once that baby's here, you're going to be taking care of it and holding it, and it'll be so easy to think, you know, " what's the difference if it knows how it got here? It's ours. " Because that's what my mom did, and the truth never hurt as much as when I found out that my life had pretty much been a lie. You know what? I promise you, we'll tell the baby the truth. And when they get old enough to, too. Thank you. All right, I got to get back to the Lakeview. I've got to go, I've got to be at work. Oh, I actually have to go to work, too. So, I'll just go over with you. Okay, all right. I love you. I love you, too. Everything's going to be fine. Yeah. She's right. You'll see. Oh, I've missed this. Me, too. How did we get so far apart? We argued. And then we hunkered down in our own corners and vowed not to come out. And we finally woke up. Maybe it's a perk to being married so long. We know where to find each other and get back on track. Oh, I just hate being out of sync with you. Well, then, let's make a first. Always. No more outside distractions. No Lucinda, no Dusty, nobody. Okay. I've got to hit the shower. I've got this trader in Nevada that I need to call before the day is out. So, you ever connect with Alison? What's it to you? Well, if you two you know, could put it together, it would be good. I mean, if you stop sweating the small stuff. The small stuff? Yeah. You mean like that video of you and Ali that's all over the web? (Dusty-chuckles) You know, it's none of your business what's between Ali and me. (Cell-phone-rings) Donovan. Hi. I'm sorry, I know I asked you to meet me, but then Holden was there. Oh, don't worry about it. It's not a problem. I only have a couple of minutes can you come meet at business, I told you, it's over. No, it's not over for me, because I found out something. I told you to leave it alone. I didn't go looking for this. This is important information. Can you come now?  I've decided you're right. I can't wait any longer. I'm going to tell Cole about the baby tonight. I mean, I'm not really giving him a chance to step up if I don't tell him anything, am I? So, yeah, besides, he's always in a good mood after he gets new music. So, it will be fine. I think you're making the right move, Sofie. Because in a couple of weeks, that little flutter is going to turn into a bump, and he's going to see it for himself. I think it would be better if you told him yourself. Thanks for coming. I have Krista said that Cheri had a son in his teens. We already knew that. Krista said there might have been bad blood between them, and that we should be looking for him. It's a long shot. It's the only lead that we have. You think this kid got my gun, set up the whole thing I think it's someone much more experienced. Is it worth looking into, or not? You know how to find this kid? All I know is Cheri's real name is Charlene Wilson, and her son was born in Georgia. Is that enough information for us to find him? There's no us, remember? But if it weren't for me, we wouldn't have any information. And you lied to Holden about why you were wearing this get-up? Which is why I have to be involved now, Dusty. I hate lying to my husband, but it's you're innocent. I'll prove it. You go back to your husband. And thank you. Hey. Hey. Can I get a bottle of water? Sure. I'm surprised to see you back at work so soon. Oh, you heard? Ali Ali told me. I hope it's okay. I mean, she wasn't like gossiping or anything like that No, it's fine. It's fine. It must have been hard. It was. I honestly don't know what I would have done if Alison hadn't been there. Yeah, Ali can really step up when she has to. I'm glad she was there for you. Yeah, she's been a really good friend. More than a good friend. She's been unbelievable. I want to tell you something and I don't think she would mind. Yeah. Please, yeah. Well get pregnant again but there are certain problems on my end. So Alison offered to be a donor so we can try and have another baby. Isn't that the most incredible gift? That's amazing. Yeah, she's got a lot more going on than people give her credit for. Yeah. I've got thanks for the water. Yeah, yeah. Okay, see you. Sofie, can you cover my shift for a little bit?  Sure, if you cover for me later. If I'm going to tell Cole about the baby, we need some time to celebrate. I'll be back in plenty of time. Hey. Did you think about how you're going to tell him?  Yeah, I guess I'll just just do it. You know, plain and simple. Yeah, that's a good idea. All right, good luck.  Thanks. Hey. Hi you. Oh, thanks. Wow, that's a brand new dress. You look hot. Okay, I'm going to let you two talk fashion. So, I was really excited when Henry and Vienna asked me to work your shower. You were? Sure. I mean, it's good to see things work out for people who deserve it. And I'm sure you and Jack have had your problems, but it seems like you two have found each other and really made it work. I'm happy for you. Thank you, Alison. That's sweet. Oh, and I also got you a pre-wedding gift. It's a kokopeli doll from back out west. And he brings you good luck and sometimes babies. So I thought you'd like it. Wow, that was very thoughtful. Thank you so much. Well, I should probably get stuff started, so Okay. Thanks, it was more than that. Alison gave us a present. Really? Yeah. I didn't think you were that close. Well, we were very friendly a while ago. It's nice to see that she's grown up and it's good to see that people can change. Mm-hmm, speaking of that, you still nervous? About getting married? No. About this party maybe a little bit. I hate to bring it up, I don't want to jinx anything, but you don't think Carly is going try and show up? Oh, do we have to talk about Carly? Yes. Katie, I really think that that fainting spell was just a last-ditch effort to come between us. She's done now. And I'm done talking about Carly. You didn't have to follow me home, brad. Well, I wanted to keep you from nodding off, and driving into nod off, with your headlights glaring at me in my rear view mirror? I still think we should go to the hospital and get you checked out. What for? People don't faint for no reason, Carly. I had a reason. It just didn't work. What's wrong with you? Nothing. I just had a dizzy spell, that's all. It passed. I'm fine. How can you be sure if we don't go to the hospital and let them give you some tests or something? You're right. You're right, there is something wrong with me. But I'm not going to go into it with you, brad. Or anybody else. So say good night. Wait, so you're just gon na tell me that something's wrong with you and I'm just going to go, " oh, okay, Carly, you know, um sweet dreams, don't anywhere, until you're straight with me All right, you wan na know what's wrong with me? It's my heart. Okay. Okay, okay, what's going on? Are you having palpitations or something? No, not exactly. Okay, what is it, exactly? My heart is broken. Oh, Carly Oh, and you wonder why I didn't want to talk to you about it? So, okay, so, that's what you're saying, you're saying you're depressed. No, I'm saying that my heart is broken. And it's different. Okay, if that's why the job with ed didn't work out, isn't it? You know, you're too down in the dumps, you know, to give it your all. Well, thank you for the analysis, doctor. Now, if you would just let me up off alone, I'd really appreciate it. No No No, Carly. I'm not going anywhere while you're like this. No. Well, fine. Fine, then I'll kick you out myself Get out Get out of here now Come on. Get out Get out (Heavy-breathing) You know, we might have to do this more often. I hear the owner of this fine establishment might be offering a once-a-month getaways for couples. Yeah? Mm-hmm. How's your partner going to feel about that? You're the only partner that I need. How about a standing appointment? If you have to ask, I must have been doing something wrong. Oh, no, no, no. You did everything right. You know what? Before we go, I just, I want to say something. It's about what happened with Dusty. Oh, can we, I just I wan na just clear the air, one last time. I'm absolutely starving, let's raid the kitchen before everybody gets here. Oh, good idea. Hey, Ali. Hi. Oh, if you're here for the pie, we're closed for a private party. I guess you didn't see the note on the door. No, I saw it. I crashed because I heard there was a really hot waitress working the floor. Oh, yeah? Mm-hmm. What does she look like? Blonde. Beautiful. Black dress. And I have to talk to her. Seriously. Okay. Gwen told me about, you know you being a donor for her and will. I hope you weren't just softening me up so you could get on my case about that. No Because don't bother, Aaron. My mom already tried to talk me 's a bad idea? Of course she does. And I don't need you to be her echo. So, you know, my mind's already made up. Listen Ali, I'm not here to give you grief. I think it's great. That's what I wanted to tell you. I mean, I have respect for you. What you're doing is I mean, that's brave. And generous. You do? Yeah. Are you kidding? I mean, you're being a you're being a good friend. The best there is. Wow. Thank you. You don't know how much I needed to hear that. I've got your back. Always. Hey, Aaron I thought I heard you're name. Come on, stay, stay you've got ta stay. You don't have to split. What's going on. I got ta finish up my But hey, congratulations, congrats. Thank you very much. All right. All right. Carly? Carly, you okay? Carly. Come on. Come on, wake up, wake up. All right, don't worry, all right? I'll call an ambulance. All right? No, no don't. I I just wanted to tell you that I'm still angry at Dusty. Please. Please, don't be. It was my idea to hide the gun, post his bail. Maybe so, but he could have stopped you. He should have stopped you. I don't want to talk about Dusty. You have Jack and Katie's shower to get to. If we start arguing, then we're never going to get there. No, I I don't want to argue. I just want to tell you that even though I think Dusty was wrong, I You do? Yeah. You guys, you've been friends forever and I did not take that into consideration when I came down on you for it. So for that, I apologize. Apology accepted. Can we go to the shower? Yeah, but one more thing. One more thing. What? What got me the most, it wasn't that you were helping Dusty, it was that you were hiding things again. I know. I understand. And I love you. And nothing will ever change that. I love you, too. This makes it a lot easier to work things out, doesn't it? I does. It's good. It's good when we talk. It's good when we do other things, too. We just need to be honest with each other, and everything will be fine. That's all we need to do, okay? It's all I care about. and Jack as happy as we are, okay? All right. Hey clay, I need a favor. Uh yeah, I am out on bail. I'm glad you're reading the blotter. Can you help me out, or what? Okay, you ready? I'm looking for a kid in his teens. His mom's name is Charlene Wilson, with a c-H. Kid was born in Georgia, that's all I got. That's all I got. Yep, it's important. My life depends on it. Thanks buddy.  Cole This is great. I didn't think you'd be on break so early.  Yeah, I'm not on break.  What happened?  Some snob didn't like the way I was streaking her windshield. So we got into it.  You got fired?  No. No, I quit after my stupid manager wouldn't back me up. You know, to hell with 'm going home. You coming with me?  I can't. It's still my shift, and Aaron, I'm covering for him. I have to wait' til he gets back.  Awesome.  No, Cole, don't go. Why don't you wait here with me? We have stuff to talk about anyway.  Please, not tonight. I'm not in the mood for one of your heavy talks. Okay?  Cole, wait Sofie Way to go, man.  Hey, man, it was an accident. She tripped. Don't you think you should be a little more careful with the girl who's carrying your baby? Thank you ray Thank you so much. You didn't have to do that. Hi guys. Hi, you made it Oh, we wouldn't miss this for the world. Are you kidding? Hey, Holden. Thanks, this is for you. Thank you. I'm going to tell you what's in it. (Jack-laughs) Well, let me open it. It's an antique singing bowl. Yeah, you would have to tell me what it is. Yeah, it is, it is. And it's supposed to symbolize harmony. Oh You two are looking very happy. Oh, thank you. Yes, well, it's about time, isn't it? So, what does this mean? You guys are going to have kids of your own? You talked some sense into me, I've got to tell you. After we laid out all the cards on the table, the mountains didn't seem so big. So, thank you. Well, that's good. Lily and I had a chance to talk, and we found some common ground, too. Oh, okay. This Hey what? Okay, so, whether it's a Thank you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Whether it's a brand new marriage like Jack and Katie's, or one that's got a lot of miles on it, I think what makes it work is a lot of love, faith, trust so I raise my bottle to my cousin and his brand new bride as they embark on this wild and wonderful thing we call marriage. Hear, hear. Yeah Hear, hear. Let's get this party started, people Put down the phone, please. I'm fine. You passed out on the floor You're overreacting. Look, you tried to make me think you faked being sick. Clearly, you didn't. All right? Something is wrong. I'm calling an ambulance I'm I've just been a little under the weather from one of the kids. I'll get checked out, okay? I don't need an ambulance. I'm going to come with you. No, I'm not going now. I'll take care of it in my own time, all right? But I do need you to do something for me. What's that? Until I figure out what's going on, would you please would you please keep this to yourself? On the next " as the world turns "  Who else's would it be?  What about Aaron? How would you feel about going to a movie with me some time? Wow, you really are sick, aren't you? Nothing is going to stop this wedding. 
What the hell are you talking about? What happened? Are you all right?  I'm fine. It's nothing. I just tripped and fell, that's all.  Talk to me, Sofie Tell me you didn't go and get pregnant. Tell me you did not do that to me. Dude, back off, Man She doesn't need this right now.  Get out of my face What's the story? You announce to the whole world that you're pregnant but forget to tell me?  That's not how it is. I didn't tell anyone. Aaron just guessed.  Were you ever planning to fill me in? Thank you. Do you have honeymoon plans? Oh, we haven't figured that out yet. It's never too late to plan the perfect honeymoon. No pressure there, huh? Guys, we'll even get you any hotel, anywhere you want. That's true. Really . I'm sure it'll fit right within my budget. That's why you got involved with the law enforcement, you know, for the big bucks. Well, don't worry. I can't give her too much time off anyway. Because we need you at " Oakdale Now. " Whew I've got a reprieve. No, no, wait a minute. Oh, but my darling, this is the price of fame. Unless of course, you'd like to bring one of our video crews along. No, no. No Okay. You know, these are really delicious. Thank you very much. But Vienna deserves all the credit. Really? Where is she? She's at a conference restaurant management. After the shower, it's back to business. Oh, it sounds like she's serious about making this work. Yeah, she's putting everything she's 's got to put her all into it. Lifetime commitment this marriage thing, Katie. No, no, not me. Vienna. Oh, Jack's marrying Vienna? That's going to go so We're talking about Vienna's commitment to the restaurant business. Hey, Margo. Can Alison get you a drink? Oh, that would be great. Yes, anything non-alcoholic. Right, I'm working on the punch as we speak. I'm so glad you made it. Oh, I wouldn't miss this. But I did have to leave the cop shop kind of empty. So, you're pulling graveyard, Jack. What? No, not tonight. No, not tonight. No. Come on. That is from Tom. He sends his regrets. He got stuck in Chicago on that fraud case. So, I didn't miss anything? Uh, no, not yet. It Waiting for the other shoe to drop? Carly had herself a big day. It started in Old Town when she staged a fainting spell, hoping we'd cancel the party. Seriously? Yeah, she's outdoing herself. I really don't think that she's going to try anything else. Why didn't you tell Jack that you're really sick? Because I don't want him to know. Why not? Do you really think he'd believe me anyway? Katie's already got him convinced that I'm trying to derail her wedding. Aren't you? No. No. Not anymore. It's a lost cause, Brad. I'm done. Wow. You really are sick, aren't you? Jack has a lot of more faith than I do that Carly's going to let us live in peace. I just think I finally got through to her. Yeah, she'd be scrambling with a million different excuses, but she didn't even try. Because she finally realizes that what she's doing is pointless. She's not going to stop this wedding. Nothing nothing is going to stop this wedding. Please stop playing nursemaid, Brad. It doesn't suit you. I don't care. I found you lying on the floor. You need to see a doctor. I'm worried about you. I will call my doctor and I'll make an appointment, I'll get checked out, okay? But I need you to swear to me that you will keep your mouth shut. No. I'm not promising anything to anybody. Haven't I been humiliated enough lately? Do I really need Katie accusing me of trying to steal her shining moment Carly, if you're sick, then you need If I'm sick, it's nobody's business but mine. Jack is counting on you, Brad, to keep it that way. How can you expect me to keep a promise to lie to my brother about this? If you're sick, then your family they need to know. No, but Jack is not family anymore, is he? But if the time comes, I will tell whoever needs to know, whatever they need to know. But for now, I'm fine. It's nothing, okay? Nobody, especially you, is going to say anything. You got it? No. No, until you pick up that phone, you call a doctor. But now? Do you know what time it is? Brad, I'll make the appointment, okay? I promise. But now, really, you have to stop hovering. I'm fine. Shouldn't you be at a party? Yeah, I'm late. But you know what? Look, are you sure you do okay? No, Brad, I don't want you to stay. I don't want you to miss Jack and Katie's wedding shower because you're holding my hand. Go. Go. Have fun. Are you having an okay time? You seem very serious. I overheard you talking to Margo about Carly. Oh, yeah, listen, Lily, I know you and Carly are really close friends, but I was hoping tonight you'd just be here as Jack's family. You have every right to be upset with Carly Upset? No, listen, if it weren't for the kids, I probably would have gone for her throat today. She's going through a very tough And that's my fault, how? No, it's not. It's just that she has to give up on her lifelong dream. Jack. Getting her family back together. Well, I think them. But that's an old story. Please, just try not to give her a hard time. I'm sorry, Lily, but I don't have any sympathy left. Jack seems to think that Carly's played her last game, but I don't think so. You know what? Tonight is supposed to be about Jack and me, so I'm not going to spend another minute talking about Carly. Excuse me. Henry. Bubbles, what can I do for you? Got anything to drink? Actually, I'm reviewing Vienna's famous Swedish punch recipe. Oh. What's in it? Let's see, there's lemons, there's oranges all that kind of good stuff. Sounds good. Yeah, it would be good, except that I'm missing one essential ingredient. Grenadine. Aw, that's too bad. Oh, Henry, I know where I can get you some . If you cover for me, I'll go get you a bottle. Oh, no, Alison, you don't have to do that. Yeah, yeah, she has to do that. See, Vienna has named this " Bubbles surprise " and she will skin me alive if I don't surprise you with it. I don't mind going, really. You sure you'll be able to balance? Yes, yes. You got it? Thank you. I'll be right back, Guys.  Cole, I was going to tell you. Really. I was just waiting for the right time.  You think its okay to play God with my life? She's been trying to break it to you for days, but you haven't given her a chance.  Didn't I tell you to mind your own business? Oh, keep it up, Man. Make her feel like it's to talk to you.  Aaron, please stop. Don't, okay? It's fine. Cole's right. I should have I should have told him sooner.  Well, why don't you go do some work for a change, huh? I want to talk to my girlfriend alone. Is that what you want? Do you want me to leave you with him?  I can handle this, Aaron. That's not what I asked you.  Yes. I think it's better if I handle this by myself. But thank you.  What are you thanking him for?  Cole, let's just go. Hey. Mom, hi. Aren't you supposed to be working at Jack and Katie's shower? Yeah, but they ran out of grenadine for some bizarre punch that Henry's making so I'm going to go get some. There's a supermarket right over on Crescent. I wasn't actually buying a whole bottle. They only need a cup for the recipe, so Baby, you can't nobody's going to give you a cup of grenadine. I know. I'm going to borrow it. See, I happen to know a bartender, so Oh, I get it. And it's an excuse to see Aaron. It's not excuse. It's a completely legitimate reason. Obviously, you two are getting along better. You might say that. He he heard about me being a donor for Will and Gwen, and you wouldn't believe how sweet he was about it. Unlike somebody else we know. I'm sorry if it seemed like I was raining on your parade. Just a little. It's just I've been through it and I know how rough it is that the hormone treatments alone can be a nightmare and the emotional complications from watching somebody else I know it's going to be Will and Gwen's baby, Mom. You know it there. But your heart might be another matter. Now look, I love your heart. It's big and it's generous and I'm very proud of you for it. Look, you've got to get going. You're on a mission from Henry. I love you, Mom. There won't be any punch without you. Okay. I'll see you, okay? Bye. It's going to be fun. Every chance you can get. It's going to be good. You know Hey Hey. How are you doing? Hey, Brad. This is for this is for you and Katie. Well, thank you very much. Where you been? I was taking care of I just I spaced out on time. No biggie. about to make an announcement. Hey, I was, but I think everybody's having too good of time to listen to the best man. What they don't know is how amazingly short I can make a toast. Can you put that on hold? I mean, not altogether, but Vienna made me promise not to make any official toasts without her special punch. Yeah, sure. Sure, whenever you're ready. Thank you, thank you. Yeah, did Holden just say he was your best man? Uh, yeah, that's right. You're pulling my leg, right? I'm your brother. Aren't I supposed to do the honors? Okay, here's the thing about the best man. You're supposed to be reliable. I'm reliable. Well, you just told me that you couldn't be here on time because you had spaced out. Come on, Brad, I ca when the preacher declaring us husband and wife. You really have that low of an opinion of me? Brad, you're kind of like the last person that I would be ever think to be hung up on any kind of formality. I mean, since when do you care about being anybody's best man? Right. Right, no you're right, no biggie. Really? Yeah, you're right. Hey. Congratulations, Partner. Thank you, Brad. A co-ed shower. I've never heard of one of these before. I'd venture to say there's a lot of things you haven't heard of. Like the bride talking her groom out of asking his brother to be the best man? What? You heard me. Did you talk Jack into picking Holden over me? If you think that I could influence Jack in that way, you don't know Jack. . No, of course I didn't tell him to ask Holden over you. And why do you care? You didn't want Jack and me together in the first place. Not true. Really? You didn't scheme with Carly to break us apart? You didn't twist our words around to make us a little insecure about each other? When's the last time I did anything like that? Oh, okay, so you're on hiatus from playing dirty tricks? That's good. How long is that going to last? Okay oh, okay, okay. Okay, I will admit that I did some crazy stuff, but that was only because that I was well, you know I was into you. And I think that I have been really good sport about losing about about you and Jack. Wow. What? Well, you really are hurt, aren't you? What I do not compete with my brother, especially over chicks. You compete with everyone about everything. I am doing my part to make sure that this wedding goes off without a hitch. Oh, you are, are you? Believe me, you don't know the half of it.  Mommy, is it early enough? For what?  To go to Daddy and Katie's wedding shower. They said I could come if I got home from soccer early enough. Will you take me? Oh, no, Honey, I'm sorry. I can't.  Please? I'm going to be their flower girl. That's why I got a special invitation with my name on it and everything. Please? I really want to go.  Are you sure about this? You did all the tests and everything?  Yes. I've even been to an obstetrician.  You're that far gone?  a baby. I even felt it for the first time today. You can feel it too, if you want.  I can't wrap my head around this. I mean, we were being careful. How did this happen?  You know how it happened. Sure, we were careful, but we slipped up a couple of times. But it doesn't have to be a bad thing.  How can you say that? I just lost my job.  There are other gas stations you could work at. And you have your music.  My music is a big zero at the moment.  Well, not forever.  Okay, how are we going to pay for anything that you need when you have a kid?  People do it all the time. If we focus on the baby and love it enough, everything will just fall into place. You just have to open your heart.  I don't even know if  If don't know that it's mine.  I can't believe you just said that. Who else's would it be?  What about Aaron? What's a girl got ta do to get a little service around here? Hey, I didn't see you. I know. You were a million miles away. Yeah, I was just I was just thinking about About what? Why is it that some people don't even want to do the right thing? Are we talking about me? No, of course not. You're doing great. Especially what you're doing for Gwen and Will, I told you, you're doing you're doing great. No, this is somebody that I work with. But I don't know how to help, so anyway, what can I do for you? Well, you know the party I was working for? Jack and Katie's shower 's going great. But they ran out of grenadine. Grenadine? What's he making? I'm not sure, some sort of Norwegian punch or something? I've got a good recipe for punch. Do you want to try it? I'm on the wagon, so I know, I know. This is non-alcoholic. Oh, great. So is Henry's. So, maybe I can make it for the party. Because I don't think Henry knows what he's doing. Step into my laboratory. Okay. Wow. It's pretty nice back here. Excuse me, may I borrow Jack for a second? Yes, sure. Go right ahead. What's up? I think you may have hurt Brad's feelings. What? Really? Yeah. How do you figure that? Because you asked Holden to be your best man instead of him. got over it. He doesn't care about stuff like that. Yeah, I think he does. He came over to me right afterwards and he was really upset. Brad doesn't get upset. Yes, he does. He just tries to hide it. You don't know how much he's changed. If he's changed at all, it's because you rubbed off on him. I'm serious, Jack. Listen, will you go make peace with him, please? I just want everybody to be cool for the wedding. Anything for you, Darling. Brad. Hey, enjoying yourself? Oh, yeah. Whoo Rockin Well, Katie just Katie tells me that I didn't take you seriously when I was telling you about Holden being the best man. Hey, Katie. Way to keep a convo private. Hey, so when you two get married, are you going to let her run you saying you're cool about not being the best man? That she misunderstood you? Maybe she got the feeling that my nose was out of joint, but it was a passing moment and you know I'm not a fan of any ceremonies that got the monkey suits attached. Listen, listen to me. You know you know you're important to me, right? Are we going to have a deep brotherly moment? Yes. Yes, we are going to have deep brotherly moment because you are you are my brother. You are my only brother. And I want you to be there. I'm going to need you there. Because I know she's going to be late and I'm going to be freaking out. What are you what are you saying? I'm saying that, like it or not, you're going to have to wear a monkey suit, buddy. I want you to be I want right hey, you don't have to throw me any bones, okay? Because you know me, I'm not I'm not into any of this, okay? So, you'll do it? Sure. You know, whatever. All right. I hate to break this up, but may I borrow the groom for a minute? Where am I going? Well, we're about to play a game and I have to prepare you. What do you mean there's no chicks popping out of any cake? What kind of you didn't tell me that this was chick party. I didn't know. Hey, hey, I like games. I want to play No, no, you're with me. We have our own prep work to do. What is happening? We're going to find out how well you and Katie actually know one another. Oh, take you to the party, but I'm not feeling very well. I have a headache and I really don't want to go out again. You understand, don't you?  Is it because you're sad about Daddy and Katie getting married? No.  I bet you wish it was you and Daddy getting married instead. You know, I just want Dad to be happy. He deserves that.  Katie makes him happy. I think she does, yeah.  Before, when you were gone? He was mad all the time. But now that Katie's around, he tells jokes again. I even heard him singing in the kitchen when he thought nobody was listening. That's good.  I love you, Mommy. I love you, too.  Can I ask you something? You can ask me anything.  Is it okay if I like Katie, too? Sage, listen to me. love Katie. You know why?  Why? Well, I want you to be happy when you're with Daddy and I want you to be happy when you're with me. And the more people that you love, the better your family is. That's a really good thing, right?  Thanks, Mommy. Why don't you go upstairs and put on that pretty party dress. And then I'll bring you to the wedding shower, okay?  Yes I'm going to the party Thank you. Okay, so how does this work? You just answer the questions, all of them, as accurately and honestly as you can. Did Jack get the same questions? No, we made questions especially for each of you. Oh. This shouldn't take long. What is your favorite color? That's easy. It's not whether it's easy for you, but whether or not the back of his hand. Do you have a lucky number? If so, why. Oh, he's going to get these so easily. What is your biggest pet peeve? What is your biggest secret? Katie's never going to get any of these. I don't know, I think you should call off the wedding. Am I going to have to make you sit in the corner? Only if you sit with me. I'm just saying they don't know each other as much as they should, you know? How do you think we would do on a test like that? I think we'd probably get them all right. You might not like some of the answers. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Done I still need a couple more minutes to answer some questions. Maybe you don't know yourself as much as you think? I'm just trying to figure out how Katie know if this helps you out but the minute you think you know what your wife's going to say, or do, she does the exact opposite. Hi, Margo. Hi, Lily. Lily, look, you know Katie knows Jack so well that she is just going to blow this room away. Yeah. It's good to have faith in the people you care about. Is your not-too-subtle of asking me how the Dusty Donovan case is going? Have any more leads? Whoever killed Cheri, it is not Dusty. I'm telling you. Then you're in a class by yourself there. Are you looking at any other suspects? No, I'm not looking at any other suspects. I don't have to do that. We've got everything we need. We've got motive, opportunity, the murder weapon. Now all I have to do is prove our case. What if he was set up to prove that theory in court. I know Dusty. He would never do something Never? Never? Never? I can give you a laundry list of all the things that Dusty Donovan would never do, but I'm pretty sure he did. But you know, more than that, I don't want to talk police business during my sister's wedding shower. Hey, I have to tell you I'm with Margo on this one. Oh, Holden I know. Lily, come on. Come on. I thought we had an agreement. We do. You're right. I'm sorry. It won't happen anymore. (Spoon-clinking-on-glass) Attention, attention, everybody. The game is about to begin (Cheers-and-applause) So, what is grenadine anyway? Pomegranate. Those are the fruits that have little seeds in them, right? How do they get the juice out of them? Are you asking me try it? Sure. Okay. So, it's actually somebody's job to sit all day long and squeeze the juice out of thousands of little seeds? They must get lonely. Maybe they squeeze with a friend. Drink. Oh, it's really sour. What did I leave out? Sugar syrup. Try it now. Now, that's delicious. And you made it. Yeah, but you made it sweeter. Okay. I've spent way too much time here. So, I'm going to get back to the party. And thanks for the help. Wait, Ali Grenadine. Oh, right. Yeah. I'd hate to send you back empty handed, since you came all this way. I I thought the grocery stores would be closed by now. Yeah. Yeah. I can see how you can miss that ginormous 24 hours sign. You don't Yes, I do. And I'm glad you did. Me too. Aaron? You can say no if you want to, but how would you feel about going to a movie with me sometime?  How can you even say something like that? Of course the baby's yours.  You blame me for asking when good old Aaron's around 24/7, acting like your guard dog?  He's a nice guy. That doesn't mean I slept with him. You know you're the only guy I've ever been with.  No, I don't know a thing except that my life is totally messed up right now.  Well, I didn't get pregnant by myself  But you had to know this was the last thing I ever wanted.  And you wonder why I didn't tell you sooner? Aaron's right I don't have to be treated like this. And I'm sorry I ever told you. the parking lot at Al's, okay hun? But I'll stay there and watch you go in.  Okay. What time will you pick me up? Well, I was hoping you'd ask your dad to bring you back.  Okay. Are you sure you don't want to come in and see everybody? Not this time, Honey. This is your dad's night. His night with Katie and I don't want to do anything to ruin it. I'd love to go to the movies with you. I mean, it doesn't have to be a real date or anything. It's just that, you know, Gwen and I are going to have to start taking the drugs for the in vitro and they say I might not feel so good during it. So, I thought a movie would be a nice distraction. And I don't want you to feel like I'm pressuring you or anything Alison . Right. I guess I'm not used to getting yes for an answer. I would absolutely love to go on a non-date with you. Great. I'd like that. Okay well, thanks again. I'll see you soon. Oh, don't even tell me. Cole was -  It took you long enough. Is that any way to greet your mother? Come here, Honey. A little gratitude would be nice.  Can the 12 step garbage, Mom, I can smell the bourbon on your breath. I just used a teeny-weeney cup of cooking wine in the pot roast? What's the big deal? All right, so what's so important?  Sofie's pregnant. What the hell is she trying to do to you?  Ruin my life. You sure it's your kid? Does she know that you're trying to have a music career here?  She knows, believe me wanting to have the baby. Her head's in the clouds. She says it won't cost a lot only if it's in the beginning. Oh, well, yeah right. That's a trap there, Honey. So, what are you going to do?  I don't know What choice do I have? Well, I think you might have a few more choices than you thought you had. Henry. What? I got the grenadine You are my heroine Will you take that back and put it in that vile mixture that's sitting on the counter, please? Sure. And I'll doctor it up a little bit. I got a couple of ideas of my own. Bless you, my child. Okay, all right. All right. Are both sides ready? Yes, Henry Coleman representing the bride's team over here. Are we ready? (Cheers) And representing the . Let's let the bride go first. All right. Are you ready? What is the most unusual job Jack has ever had? Brad Why do you have to start out with such a hard one? What are you afraid you can't trust her? No, it's not. That is so easy. You played piano at a place called Costello's. Jack played piano at a place called Costello's in St. Genevieve, Illinois. I love you That's one for the bride Are you keeping score here? Yes, yes, yes. One for the bride All right. The keeper of the olives. Okay. Here's one for the groom. For your bride to be Katie's favorite number is 222. Why? 222? Three twos add up to six might have something to do with six. Come on, you're stalling. You know this one for poison control. What? Yeah, they got a little jingle on the radio, it's like 2-2-2, 22. Something like that, I don't know. What's so funny? Poison? Is that your position on marriage or your final answer? Okay, no it's not. It's Katie's birthday? February 22nd. It's Katie's birthday (Cheers-and-applause) All right that is one point for the groom Thank you Henry. Oh that's an easy one. Jack started his career in the FBI. I'd have to say that she sleeps on the side of the bed that brings her closest to me. Okay, Jack's third grade teacher was Mrs. Wilson. And he had a secret crush on her. How could you possible know that? I remember that. I am going to have to say Snickers. No, faux Snickers, no, real life Snickers. Oh, Jack it's your last question. You ready? Giddy up, Boy. How long since you and your fiance have shared a long passionate kiss. That is so easy, it's not even fair. Oh my God. (Crowd-oohs) That'd be exactly two seconds ago. I have two seconds. That's a tie. (Cheers-and-applause) You know I'd never forget your birthday. Right. I know. Okay. Congratulations, Katie. I guess, you know, you do know Jack after all. You are such a clown, you know that?  Do you think my dress is pretty? You look beautiful, Sweetheart.  I hope we're not too late. I'm sure that Daddy and Katie will be happy to see you, no matter what time you get there, okay?  I hope there'll be cake and ice cream. Do they have cake and ice cream at a wedding  He was awful, Aaron. I never thought he would say things like that. What did he say?  He doesn't want the baby. He just wants his career. And he was acting as if I got pregnant on purpose to make him miserable or something. And the worst part What?  No, I can't tell you. Sure you can.  He said that maybe the baby isn't his. Maybe you and I Are you kidding? Does he have any idea what you're going through? I'm done with this guy.  No, Aaron, please don't. Please, if you do something, it's just going to get worse. Sofie, how does it get worse than this?  Maybe he needs some time to get used to it. You know, I kind of sprang it on him, and Sofie, do you hear yourself? Look, I'm trying to, after everything that he's done, that time is going to change anything?  I know Cole. I know him and he doesn't handle surprises well and this is a huge one. So after maybe he's thought about it a little, maybe he'll realize that it's not the end of the world. Maybe he will step up. And what are you going to do if he doesn't?  He's has to. He has to because I don't know what else to do if he doesn't. I hate to say this, but maybe we have to think of a Plan B. Sweetheart, just try not to complicate things, all right? You just tell your little girlfriend to go and get it fixed.  How? We don't even have money for that. Here. Wait. That should do it for you.  Where? In a back alley? Honey, are you going to look Look. Just have it taken care of, all right? You don't have to beat yourself up about this. There is a time and a place for everything. And this sweetie, this just wasn't your time. Okay? You got to concentrate on that music career, okay? Believe me, I know. You get tied down when you're too young, it just kills your dreams.  You had to say it, didn't you, Mom? Couldn't go a day without making me feel like I ruined your life just by being born. Oh, Honey. That's not what I meant.  Yeah, you did. But thanks, Mom. I know you're just trying to help. Boy, I could get used to this wedding shower stuff. Look at those. Oh, Kim, they're beautiful. Kim, they are absolutely gorgeous. Thank you so much. Good, well there have no idea where you two are going to be showering, but when you finally do, I hope you do it in utter luxury. Thank you, you are so sweet. Much love to you both. Hey Cuz, I've got to be on my way, too. I'm in negotiations with this guy out west. Well, sell that horse, Cousin. Let's hope so. It might mean I can take my wife on a honeymoon, too. All right. Well hey, you're off the hook for tonight, but during the wedding you're hanging out. You are the best man. You got it. Bye, Katie. Bye. Thank you. Good luck. You okay getting a ride home? No, no, no. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll see you at home. Okay. Okay. I don't know what open this in mixed company? There's no children here. Oh, it's a kaleidoscope Check that out. There are 50 of you. It's a good thing I only need one.  Mommy Mommy, are you all right? (Horn-blaring) Give me that You don't know what you're doing with that. This is a wine bottle vacuum sealer, my friend. You stick this in the bottle, and it sucks out all the air of all the bottles of Brunello that you'll be opening on your wedding day. You see, it keeps the wine fresh. It is an essential tool for every household. Thank you, Henry. That's very thoughtful. Your welcome, yes, yes, yes. I have to answer this. Everybody carry on. The party. Here open this one. This is from Tom and me. Aww Here you can open this one. Thank you You've got to be kidding me. I thought she was going to get the message. What's wrong? Carly's staged some kind of accident. No, this time it's for real. Real? Like the fainting that was real. It's a car accident. All right. She went off the road and this time Sage was with her. On the next " As the World Turns. " I don't think it's wrong if you have feelings or if your attracted to Luke because you are, aren't you? Col. Mayer Swear you will change?  What if I can't? This is worse. How? Now I'm scared for her. Tell Jack. You shouldn't go through this alone. 
Parker, you get down here right now  It wasn't me I have had enough of this  But I didn't do it. I swear Don't you lie to me I am sick of you lying to me I'm calling Jack.  Fine. Go ahead. Excuse me. Yeah, I'm sorry. Have you seen this woman or child? Business I'm sorry. I'm late. Could you please just take a look at the photograph? Please? Business Yes, I think I have seen her. I think she was living somewhere over there. Sofie-holding-Hallie 2-outside (Hallie-crying) Sofie took off.  Yeah, I know. The cops were already here looking for her. Did you tell them anything?  I gave them her job application. They wanted to see her previous references, old addresses. That sort of thing. Do you do you mind if I take at it, .  Soon as you get a court order, like they did. Business Yes, I remember. Her name is Sofie, right? Yeah, Sofie Duran. Have you seen her recently? Business No. Not since she moved out of the building. That was a while ago. What did she do, anyway? She kidnapped our child. We're here to get her back. (Hallie-crying) NYC-cop Are you all right, Miss? It's awfully cold to have a baby out for so long.  Yeah, I know how to take care of my baby. NYC-cop I wasn't saying you didn't. But, I mean, if you need help  She's fine. We're both fine. (Hallie-crying) You know you know I don't have a court order.  Then you're out of luck. Wait, this is serious.  So is the law, protecting employee's privacy. So trust me Look, I'm trying I'm trying to help her. Okay? She's in a lot of trouble. If I find her before the police do, then maybe I can help her to do the right thing. I'm not going to tell anybody where I got the information from. Come on, man. She's a nice girl.  You're lucky I'm a nice guy. Her name is Sofie. She might have been going by another name. Her little girl's just a little bit younger than yours. Young-mother Sorry, I don't think I've seen her. The baby's name is Hallie. Mom #2 No. Not around here. Thanks, anyway. Thank you.  I already told Mom, I did not toss that dummy in the fireplace You can't keep doing this. You can't keep lying to us, Parker.  I'm not lying (Cell-phone-rings) you like this, but I'm afraid Cowboy Jack has gone missing again. I know. We found him, Sam. I hate to even say this. Was it your son again?  Tell them the truth, you creep Tell them you set me up Yeah, that's right. Lily Snyder, Lucinda Walsh. Three days, two nights, full spa I'm sorry, but Mrs. Snyder is going to have to cancel. She decided to stay home with her husband. In heaven's name, what what have you done?  What needed to be done. No more, no less. You you poisoned Dr. Hughes? For what what?  Science. Science. Okay, and Dusty Dusty was killed. What was he? A part of a science project?  It couldn't be avoided. And the poor technician the poor lab technician why? research?  My research will revolutionize medical science. Million of lives will be saved. The lives of three people are a small enough price to pay. Three people? You killed two people who - I am not leaving town until we find out who killed Dusty. Lily, this is not just about Dusty's murder anymore. It's about what happened to Bob. It's about Neil this lab tech, whoever killed him they did it because you and I were getting too close to the truth. That's why I can not leave now. No, that's why you have to leave now. You could be the killer's next target. I have to protect you. What about you? You're in just as much danger. I can protect myself. But I can not can not lose you. Evan Walsh, have you lost your mind totally? You think you can get away with not a suspect so far. And I'm very good at covering my tracks. No. You'll never get away with it.  Oh, yes, I will. I have to. My research is too important. It can't be stopped. Now, wait a minute. You think that you can go around killing people randomly with impunity? You are a disgrace to your family's name. And I have no intention of allowing you to continue any further with your delusions.  Unfortunately, Lucinda. This isn't about your intentions anymore. Evan. Don't do this  I'm not going to let you stop me, Lucinda. Look the police are going to find out. It could take them a while probably, but they'll find out. And you know where you'll be and what will happen to your famous research. Where will to be? You won't be the wonderful the wonderful medical researcher with running around with a syringe. Is that what you want  Nothing will get in the way of my research. Okay. Okay. If that's what you want, then let me help. I can help. I have money. I have lots of money. You're going to need money you're going to need a lot of money to get away from here. And I can give it to you and you can find a new place for your research. In Switzerland. Or Mexico. Far, far away from the Oakdale Police. Yeah. Right.  I see your point. Yeah.  All right then. I want $10 million. Yeah, $10 million and a private jet to fly me to fly me to somewhere tropical. With a good exchange rate. And no extradition. It's done. It's done. I can manage that. First thing in the morning, I will go to my  No and in a few darling, you can't expect me you can't expect me to slip my my card into the ATM machine here at the hospital. Come on, Baby. You've got to be reasonable.  I am. Oh, I am. $10 million and a private jet. I'd say my step-grandmother's life is worth that amount. Wouldn't you? Holden, I'm not leaving you. Not now. Lily, think about the kids. They need their mother. They need their father, too. I told you, I can handle it. Please please don't ask me to walk away from this. Please. We need to do this together.  You set me up You put that stupid dummy in the fireplace, not me What what are you saying? Is Cowboy Jack over there?  You know he is because you brought him here. Come either one of us any good. Give me that Sam, hi, yeah, it's Jack. Listen, we've got your dummy here. Carly and I will take care of Parker. There is no reason to be rude to Sam. This is not his fault  Yeah, right. Because it's mine. As usual. Actually, no. I'm going to check with the police in Oakdale. See if they've hear anything. Okay. Hey, Margo. It's Will. Yeah, hi. How are you guys? We're hanging in there. Have you heard anything on your end? No, I'm afraid not. Uh, this is a really bad connection. Where are you calling from? We're in Chicago. We checked the place where Sofie stayed last fall. But so far, nobody's seen her. Oh, she may not even be in Chicago 've got. So, we've got to check here. Hey, hand me the phone. Margo, yeah, hi, it's Gwen. Listen, we haven't even been here that long. We were thinking of checking baby stores Sofie's going to need to buy formula and clothing, right? I hate to say this, but I think you guys are going about it all wrong.  Okay, hold on, baby girl. It's okay. It's okay. It's going to be okay. Hallie crying You're fine. Um, where did where did I put your pacifier? Where is your pacifier? I don't know. I don't know. Where did Mommy put it? Oh, there. Okay. Okay okay. Okay, Baby. I got it. There you go. There you go, that's better. That's better. Don't worry, Mommy's here. Okay, do be fine. Everything's going to be fine. Okay. Okay. Okay, Baby. Okay, come on. Honestly, Parker, at this point I don't know what to do with you.  Well, are you guys going to send me away to that camp for the bad kids? Because that's exactly what Sam wants. Me out of the way so he can have a clear shot at Mom. Oh, Parker, Sam is not interested in me. Kit is his girlfriend, you know that This isn't about Sam or Kit, okay? It's about us as a family. We're not going to send you away. But we are going to deal with this. All of us, together. Right now, however, you're going to go upstairs, you're going to cool off.  I keep telling you, I did not touch that dummy. Sam planted it in the fireplace, just is trying to get me in trouble. Did I tell you you're doing a good job of that yourself? Upstairs. Go. Now. What are we going to do? I'm not sure. We can't let Parker get in more trouble. We won't. I think I know how to fix this.  Sofie Duran, life and times. All the good it'll do. Yeah, there's nothing here. There's no phone numbers there's no references, there's  That's what I was trying to tell you. So the cops don't have anything to go on either.  Not unless they saw something in that file that you didn't. All right. Well, back to square one.  I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry, too.  It's not the emerald city, is it, Baby? But that's okay. That's long. But as long as we have each other, right? Right, I'm just gon na I'm just gon na see how much money we have left. Okay. Okay. Where's my wallet? Hey, listen to me. Going to Chicago isn't going isn't going to help to find Hallie. You guys are too emotionally involved in this. Even if you do track down Sofie, you might scare her off. Margo, what do you think we should do? Come back home. Let the police handle it. Maybe she's right. Maybe we should leave the search to the cops and just go home. No. No, Will, please. The police are never going to look as hard as we are. Gwen, what if she's right? What if we accidentally make things worse? We're not going to. Please, I keep thinking about Billy. That if I'd right now. I didn't do everything I could to keep Billy with me. I have to do everything I can to find Hallie. I'm sorry.  I lost all our money baby girl. What are we supposed to do? I know, I know, I know. It's cold and you're tired. I know, I know I know, I know, I know. (Hallie-crying)  Oh no, please don't cry. (Hallie-crying) (Cell-phone-ringing) Sofie?  I need your help. Come on. Hey, Aaron didn't call. Well, he probably just hasn't found anything out yet. He said he'd call after he got a look at Sofie's file. Look, don't worry about it. Once he finds out anything about Sofie or Hallie, he'll call. I'll help you, Sofie. Okay? No problem. Just tell me where you are.  Promise promise . Promise Or I am going to hang up right now I promise. Are you guys okay?  I don't know. I don't know. Hallie crying I think I think maybe she's she's hungry and cold. And maybe she needs a diaper changing. I know how to take care of her. I know I can. I just lost all my money and It's okay. Okay? I have money. We'll help you and Hallie. Whatever you need, okay? Just tell me where you are.  I'm in New York City. Where can I meet you?  I'm in Churchill Park near a conservatory pond. It's cold. Please, come right away. We've been out here a long time, Gwen. I'm not giving up. I'm not asking you to give up. I'm just asking you to consider what Margo said. We should What happens if Sofie goes back to Oakdale, and the cops find Hallie? She's going to need her mom and dad there for her. Hallie wants us to go back. She needs us to go back. Come on. Parker's latest trick. We don't know how we're supposed to react to this. Dr. Seidman Well, I'm glad you called to fill me in. It seems like Parker's acting out has reached a new level. Well, we've been trying to hold our ground. Not giving in to him. This is the result. Dr. Seidman Well, to start with, I do think we should increase the frequency of Parker's therapy sessions. Although that's not the most important thing we can do for him right now. Well, what should we do then? Because we would do anything. You know that. Dr. Seidman Well, in my opinion, what time with the two of you. Well, we're working on that. I mean, Jack has cut his hours at the station. I wanted Parker to come and work with me at the club. We're making sure that he gets as much one-on-one time with both of us as possible. Dr. Seidman Both of you together or separately? I mean, what Parker needs now is to spending time with you and Jack together. And his brother. And his sister. As a family. Security is the big issue for Parker right now. The more secure he feels the less likely he is to act out. If it's okay, I'm going to go upstairs and hear what Parker has to say. Yeah. Dr. Seidman You two talk it over. And see what you think. I'm begging you. Please. Just go. You will not be able to think straight if I'm afraid that you're in danger . Please. Go sit. I need to take care of a few things in the barn. I'll be back in a few minutes. (Phone-ringing) Hello? Hi, Gregory It's Lucinda Walsh. Hey, I hope my favorite banker isn't too tied up to help me out with a life-saving favor. Mother, I think you dialed the wrong number? It's Lily. Oh, Gregory, a man can't be so hostage to his daily routine that he can't help out a friend in dire straits. What's wrong? Are you in trouble? That's exactly right. You just tell me what I need to do. Oh, I'm so happy you understand. Yes, this is what I need. I need $10 million, in cash, and it's to be delivered to me, here at Memorial hospital in Room 408. That's just wonderful that you understand. This is a matter of life . We need to do whatever we can to help Parker no matter what it takes. So we spend we spend more time together as a family. Right. I think spending more time with you and the kids will be great. Then why do you seem a million miles away? What's going on, Carly? Nothing, I'm I'm just thinking if I want to do it right, if I want to focus 100% on my family, then I can't let anything distract me. So I have to give up Metro. (Knocking-on-door) Mother? Mother, it's me. Open the door. Mother? Hi, Honey. Hey What are you doing here in the hospital? Are you bringing in little Ethan for a check-up or something? You called me. You said something about $10 million? Why would you need $10 million? I think they're paging you at the desk, Darling you go and find out what it's all about? What is going on? Please, Darling. Please. What kind of trouble are you in? What's going on? Please Sweetheart, Lily I wanted you to go for help. I didn't want you to be here. Dusty? He killed Dusty? Yes. Yes, he did. Honey, why don't you ever, ever listen to a thing I say? Why would Evan kill Dusty? He didn't even know him. Did he? Did he know him? The three men stood in the way between Dr. Schweitzer, and his research project and his organ playing.  Don't make fun of me, Lucinda. My work will revolutionize medicine. So it was all you? Right from the start?  Well, I mean, it wasn't all me. Not right from the start. Right, Grandma? I had 's being modest. What is he talking about? Don't listen to him. He's a lunatic.  Your mother may not have been the one who poisoned Bob, or killed Dusty, or Neil Perkins. But she was the one who tapped me for a little assignment right here in Oakdale, several months back. And she was the one who told me to do everything necessary to make sure it was carried out. I did this. I have to fix it. No, we have to fix it. It's up to me, Jack. I'm going to start by getting rid of Metro. You don't want to do that? You put so much time and money into the place. None of that matters compared to my son. I'll do anything for him. I'll take this back to Sam. I'll let him know what my plans are. And he and Kit will just have to understand I think she's hungry. I ran out of milk, and I don't have any money left. That okay. There's a pharmacy around the corner. We'll get some formula, warm you up, then we're going to head home.  No, you promised you wouldn't tell Gwen and Will where I am. I didn't tell them. But the cops are after you. Taking Hallie, that wasn't cool. You're in a lot of trouble right now.  I know, that's why I can't go back It's okay. It's okay. I know how we can fix it. Okay? The last time Hallie wore this, it was tight on her. If we ever get her back, she'll be too big. Gwen, we're going to get her back. How do you know that? Honestly, how do you know? Because I'm running out of I've got something for you.  Listen, Aaron, thank you, thank you for the money, you really came through for us. But I have a plan. Hallie and I are going to go to Canada. The police won't be able to find us there. You realize what you're doing is kidnapping.  She's my baby Sofie, if you bring her back to Oakdale, you can change your mind about the adoption. Okay, it'll be perfectly legal then. Listen, I got tickets. I've got plane tickets back to Oakdale, okay? We go home, we tell the cops that you meant no harm. Okay? Bringing Hallie will be, like, will be like a show of good faith. You know? Proof to everybody that you want what's best for your child. Okay? Here's the plane tickets. You go home, then you can decide whatever you want to do. I'll help you. What do you say? You brought Evan to Oakdale? Dusty is dead Honey, Dusty's dead. He was working for you? All I wanted was my company back. I wanted Craig out I wanted to discredit him with the board of directors. That science project was meant to fail  Well, then you picked the wrong man. Well, obviously, I did I didn't know you were a lunatic like the rest of your God-forsaken family I would have saved myself a lot of trouble if I had Trouble? You think this is just a little trouble? I didn't know what the kid was going to do. He wasn't going to do anything How could he have done anything if you hadn't brought him here? Okay My fault. My responsibility. Mae culpa. My fault. (Cell-phone-ringing) Come on, Lucinda, pick up. (Cell-phone-ringing)  Hey 's Holden It probably is Holden. If you don't let me talk to him, then he's going to come looking for me.  All right. Answer it. Get rid of him. (Cell-phone-ringing) Me? Okay. All right. Yeah, hi, Holden. I'm trying to find Lily. Is she with you? No, no, Lily isn't with me. Nat said she got a call from you before she left the house. Um, did she? Well, you know, it was just a motherly telephone call. You know how it is. We can not be too careful these days. And I was thinking about her health. (Lucinda-hangs-up)  It's time for me to get out of here. Which means it's time for the two of you to finally serve your purpose.  You still owe me my $10 million And since Lily here didn't manage to deliver the goods Don't 'm going to have to get my cash some other way. Okay. Hey It's done. It's done. Let's go. You and me we're going to take a walk. We're going to take a walk to Oakdale Mutual. And she stays here. And we go.  Oh, we go? Yes.  Right. Right, I leave Lily behind, and she goes running to the cops. Forget it. All right then, fine, she can go. I'll stay here. I'll stay here with you, and she goes.  So that she can get lost and end up at the police station? Is this really your best effort? Yes, it's best because you'll have me You'll have me as a hostage. And a reason for my daughter to come back  Seeing how much your daughter despises your role in our little plan here, who's to say she, no, no, ladies, you know what they say? One hostage is good, two is even better. So we are going to stay right here, and figure out a way to make the money come to us. Margo, something's happened to Lily. I'm afraid that she might be in danger. You have to help me find her. If you're not going to let either one of us leave the room, I need to make a phone call.  To whom? To Holden. Because he's the only who can get us the money. It's our only option.  All right call him. But try anything clever, and mommy dearest gets her booster shot Holden, it's me. Lily, thank God. Where are you? Just listen. Don't don't say anything. I need you to do something very important. I need $10 million in cash.  Unmarked hospital, Room 408. And don't tell anyone. Will do. Was that Lily? Yeah. Yeah, she's fine. False alarm. Oh, good. Good. Glad to hear it. Sorry to bother you. Have a good day. You, too. I need a plainclothes policeman to follow Holden Snyder, ASAP. He just left the building. We'll pay for the repairs, of course. And Sam, I know that you probably are really tired of hearing me say this, but I am so sorry. No harm done. A little sandpaper, some paint, varnish, and old cowboy will be as good as new. Good, well I'm really glad to hear you say that. Because Kit is going to need you and Cowboy Jack to keep pitching in around here. Carly, we'll always be here to help you. Well, unfortunately, Sam, it's going on. I have to give up Metro. For Parker's sake. No, no, no. You can't do that I am not going to let you do that  So, Mom's quitting Metro? For you.  Sure. Just like last time. Hey, your mother was willing to fire Sam. And Kit threatened to go with him if she did. This time she's giving up her interest in the club altogether.  So, she won't see Sam anymore? Your mother loves you, Parker. She's giving up something she worked really hard on, so you'll understand that you're her first priority.  Whatever. I've got homework. His therapist thinks that Jack and I need to be there for Parker a lot more than we have been. I don't want this to be a problem for you and Kit. I really don't. Sounds like you're the one up this club? I guess I have to try to find somebody to buy me out. And if I can't, I lose the money. My son comes first. Are you sure about this? It's the only way.  You're taking Gwen and Will's side You promised me I promised you that I wouldn't tell them where you were. And I kept my word. But it's time to go home now. Gwen and Will are worried sick about Hallie.  Go tell her she's fine. Go tell them she is with her mother. I am going to tell them that you took good care of her, and that you love her. But you have to send Hallie back to them.  Can't it wait? Just one night. Just one more night and I can give Hallie a bath, and I can dress her in her little PJs, and I can pretend everything's fine. Please? And then I will do anything you want. Hey, this says six to nine months. I bought it a couple of weeks ago. I was hiding it for a surprise. Why are you giving it to me now? To prove to you how sure I am that by next summer all three of us are going to be at the beach. And Hallie's going to be splashing in the water, trying to eat the sand and everyone's going to be telling us what a cute little girl we have. I love you for believing that. I really do. I'm sorry. But I can't let Gwen and Will keep worrying about this. It's time to go back, Sofie.  You're right. You're right. What was I thinking? Where am I supposed to give her a bath and put her to sleep? I have no place to stay. We're going to come back with . And Will and Gwen won't have to worry anymore. Great. Good.  Here let me let me just go over to the restroom and I'll change her, and then we can go. Okay, I will be right over there. I promise. Okay, okay. Gwen? Gwen, good news. Good news. I found them. Aaron found them Where are you guys? We're in New York City. I talked to Sofie. She's ready to bring Hallie back. Okay, tell Hallie that we love her. And that we can't wait to see her. Will and I are going to go to the airport. And then we're going to get on a flight. Listen, you don't have to do that. We have tickets on the next flight to Oakdale. Thank you, Aaron. Thank you so much. We'll see you soon. Hallie's coming home to Will and Gwen. Sofie? Sofie? Sofie? Sofie Hey, how'd Sam take the news? Well, he pretended to be okay about it. But I think he was a little upset. I know this is rough on you, Carly. It doesn't matter. If it's what Parker needs, it's what I'll do. You're not alone. We're doing it together. Right. But don't worry, I know, even though you're saying that we're together, that you don't mean together. I won't get my hopes up. Hey, hey, hey we're still a family. Thanks for saying that. And I won't do anything to jeopardize it again. We'll get through this, huh? Together. Parker, come down here for a second.  Dad Just come downstairs, please.  What do you want? really burns me up. Funny, you ought to be a comedian. Cowboy-Jack I'm serious. You can't let Carly quit. If you really want to be with that pretty lady, you got to get her away from that bratty kid. Once and for all.  Where the hell is that husband of yours? He'll be here.  You want to bet your life on that? Absolutely.  Good ol' Holden better pick up the pace. Because you and your mother are seriously running out of time. Aaron, what's up? I'm sorry, Will. Sofie got away. She's gone. What is it? What's wrong?  Took you long enough. Okay, Lucinda, your turn. Time to fire up the jet. No, no, you guys need to stay back. He has Lily in there.  Holden brought the cops. That's bad news for you . " I'm going to come with you, all right. Make sure everything's all right.  What kind of relationship do you want to have? There's got to be another way to get in there No, no, Holden, I'm sorry not going anywhere.  Where's the helicopter? I hear it I hear it. There it is there it is. There it is 
Hey, well, I guess your film editing class gives you a pretty big appetite, huh? What? The banana split I made for you wasn't big enough?  No, it was great. I just had to miss lunch because I was studying. And that sugar fix was good, but no substitute for four different kinds of meat. Well, if I didn't know better, I'd say you were something.  Oh, get out. That psych class is going to your head. My professor, Dr. Freudiham, would say that your increased appetite was due to acute oral fixation.  So, what you're saying, that this is all about sex? No, I didn't say that. You said that. It must be on your mind.  It is. All the time, actually. How about you? (Knock-on-the-door) Meg, to what do I owe the pleasure?  Hello, Craig. Don't tell me. You decided you in this lifetime. Well, last time I saw you, you said you didn't want to be in the same room with me, yet here we are. So things are looking up.  This is about the corporation. I'm just getting the paperwork together for the meeting.  The meeting's been cancelled. We'll reschedule.  That won't be necessary. Because  You're no longer CEO. Hey. Hi. What's going on? What? Is there a break in Dusty's murder case? Uh, there might be. Well? Well, what? The details are sketchy. And we're working together on this, right? You can tell me what you know. Okay, fine. I I got a call from the Intruder. There's a situation at Memorial. Apparently, Dusty's killer has taken Lily and Lucinda hostage. Lily of there. What was I supposed to think? What is going on here, Holden? Do you want me to send my cops in to investigate? All right, fine. I was making arrangements for Lily and Lucinda to leave town. I wanted to get Lily out of harm's way. Lily agreed, I left her for five minutes and then she disappeared. I gathered that much at the station. That's when I got a call from Lily saying she needed $10 million in unmarked bills delivered here. I think some crazy person is in here holding them hostage. Do we have any idea who that crazy person might be?  It's a combination of chemicals. Depending on the dosage, it can bring on a stroke, or massive cardiac arrest. One shot and you're dead. And in case you're wondering, I have enough to kill both of you and still have some left over for Holden. You won't get suggest you get that private jet of yours fueled and ready for take off. Now. Give it up, Evan. Just give it up. The police are here. I bet you they have the building surrounded. You don't stand a chance. You must be relieved not to be one of Margo's suspects anymore. Yeah, well, you can say that. And Chris, too, I guess. Unless he was in on it with the killer. Chris is ambitious. I know that the research projects were a way of earning his father's respect. That's all. I know now that he could never harm his own father. Dusty's dead and Chris is history. Not exactly a fairytale ending, is it? And you don't get to be Meg's knight in shining armor not that Holden's off the hook. So much for fairytales.  I have made up my mind, Craig. I've all. Is this some kind of sick joke? Wasn't leaving me punishment enough?  I have my reasons, Craig, and you know exactly what they were. And now you're going to take from me the last thing that I care about?  A company that you stole from someone in the first place. That I then gave to you. Montgomery Enterprises, you were so excited about doing good in the world with that. That's why I spearheaded memo 21. Evan Walsh's medical research is going to save countless lives. It's going to make you millions of dollars that you can spread all over the world. I mean, wasn't that your dream, Meg?  Losing a baby has a way of changing your dreams. I'm giving Montgomery Enterprises back to the rightful owner No, don't  Lucinda. Evan, you'll never get away with this.  Oh, I think I will. and expect to get off scot-free? Really I'm amazed, I would have thought you were much smarter than that  I am smart, and I'm not a killer. I never wanted to hurt anybody. And all those dead bodies were they were they just a mirage?  No, I didn't want it to come to that. But some people kept getting in the way. People like Bob Hughes and Dusty Donovan who were too dense to understand the meaning of my mission. Anyone who gets in the way of Evan Evan Walsh, bang, bang, bang, you're dead.  Not funny. Don't bait him, please, Mother. Look, come on, this is between you and me. Lily has nothing to do with it. Why don't you let Lily go?  No, not a chance. I didn't come this far to be stopped now. You have the money isn't a set up? You brought the cops, didn't you? That was a mistake. Just let Lily and Lucinda go. We won't stop you.  No, no, not a chance in hell. I want safe transportation out of Memorial and then out of the country. Then maybe I'll consider setting them free. Your demands have been met. Let them go Holden, who are we talking to? Evan Walsh he's admitted to the murders He's the killer you've been looking for Chris's partner in the research project? Yes, that's the one Evan Walsh, it is police policy not to negotiate with hostage-takers.  Yeah, well, that's too bad, because if I don't get that jet soon, you're going to have two more bodies on your hands. Margo, you heard what he said. If we don't cooperate, he will kill takers. Meeting their demands is not one of them. For God's sake, how would you feel if it were Tom, Adam, or Casey in there? Would you care about procedure? We need to figure out a way to get them out of there.  I'm waiting, Lucinda and I'm running out of patience Wait a moment, what even even if I could get you the jet, do you really think that they're going to let you fly out of the country?  Well, they'd better, or you're dead. Well, whether or not you kill us, do you think that you're going to get very far?  As long as I'm far enough away to do my research without interference. You are kidding yourself big time, Evan. I want you to listen to my mother. She knows what she's talking about.  Like hell she does What's going by some madman, and Margo is refusing to negotiate. All right, all right, just relax. Evan Walsh is holding Lucinda and Lily hostage, threatening to kill them with the same poison he used on Bob and Donovan. No, Evan Walsh, that can't be No, I'm afraid it is. He can't be a killer. Evidently, the plan was that Evan was going to poison your father, causing him to have a stroke, knowing that you would be the interim chief of staff, knowing that you'd push his project through. Then he killed Donovan because Donovan was about to expose the truth. Now he has Lily and Lucinda, and he's threatening to kill them, too He he poisoned my dad to get his damn research project off the ground? Obviously, that was the plan, yes. You had no idea what Evan was doing? If I had known what think I would have turned him in? I would hope so. All right, can we just can we drop this? Can we try and focus on figuring out a way to get Lily and Lucinda out of there? You know what, Holden is right. What can I do? Chris, you know Evan Walsh better than anyone in this hospital. Would you go in and talk to him? Would you try and talk him down? I'll do my best. You can not just hand Montgomery Enterprises to Lucinda and then walk away.  Well, after tomorrow, the corporation will be hers. I know I haven't been a perfect husband. I know I have done things to hurt you that I regret.  Yeah, you think? But my love for you is real, and you can't do this. I don't deserve it. You can't let Lucinda win.  It's not a a question about right and wrong. You tricked Lily into signing the company over to you when she was vulnerable, and Lily is family. I owe it to her and to Lucinda to do the right thing. Why the sudden change of heart?  Well, that's simple. Dusty's murder. What does Dusty's murder have to do with Montgomery Enterprises?  A lot. I know Holden didn't do it. As upset and angry as he was at Dusty, he's not a killer. But you are. Excuse me?  You tried to kill my unborn child, didn't you? So what would stop you from trying to kill Dusty or putting Bob Hughes in a coma just so you can get your precious research project off the ground? Where is this coming from?  Oh, come on, Craig. We both know its common knowledge how ruthless you could be, especially when it comes to people who cross you. I've seen you in action. I wouldn't put it past you. Yeah, whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?  Like I said, Craig, I am trying to do the right thing. Oh, yeah? Lucinda put you up to this, didn't she, no?  No, actually I went to her. Oh, she must have been thrilled.  Yes, she was. So, if it wasn't Lucinda I can be so dense. No, it was Paul, wasn't it? Well, it seems to me that you talked Meg into giving Montgomery Enterprises back to Lucinda for all the wrong reasons, since Craig is obviously innocent. Craig is a lot of things, none of them innocent. Okay, well, that may be the case, but you have to admit it was a stretch, really, to implicate Craig for Dusty's murder just because still think that Craig has a hand in it somehow. Well, if you ask me, he's going to use your accusations to prove to Meg how far you're willing to go to win her back. Meg is smart. She's too smart to go back to a guy who caused her so much pain. She could say the same thing about you, Paul. I mean, her marriage to Craig was hell, right? But her love affair with you was no joy ride. I love Meg in a way that you'll never comprehend. I'm not letting her go, not now, not ever. Meg will come back to me. So you're listening to Paul now? This has " Ulterior motive " written all over it, and you're going to believe him?  I believe I am making the right decision. It's right for me, and its right for Lucinda. Don't you see what Paul guilty to get closer to you.  What do I have to do to make this clear to you? I do not want to be with Paul, and I certainly do not want to be with you. What I do want is to get my life back, and I can't do that if I am trapped in this unending war between the two of you. Paul has no right to tell you what to do with Montgomery Enterprises.  I've made my decision. As of tomorrow, the company will be Lucinda's, and it will be Worldwide again. And Montgomery Enterprises and this whole year will be one bad memory. Meg Meg, please don't do this. You are making a terrible mistake. Please reconsider before it's too late. Evan, it's Chris Hughes. I want to talk to you.  Not unless you call off the cops The cops won't be a problem, okay? Just let me you? We're partners, remember? I want to help you. Hey It's about time.  Chris is my friend. That's right. And as your friend, I'm telling you not to do this.  I thought you wanted to help? I do, but not like this, okay? Just just let Lily and Lucinda go. I'll do everything I can to see that the authorities go easy on you, especially if you don't hurt the ladies, okay?  You, of all people, should understand. This research project was your dream, too It was. And I'm sorry to see it go, but this will never work.  Oh, it has to work. If I can't do my research project here, I'll take it somewhere else. I mean, $10 million is more than enough to set up a private lab somewhere where no one will find me. How can you talk about saving lives when all you've done is take them?  You're a doctor. You've seen my research. I was on the brink of amazing breakthroughs. The drugs I was developing could work miracles. It's a miracle you didn't kill my father.  Bob got in the way of my work. You want me to accept that you poisoned my father because he didn't want to fund your research? Does does that make any sense to you?  It's clear we don't share the same vision anymore. Give it up, Evan. Give me the syringe and let them go.  Take one more step, and she's dead. I can't do this anymore, Margo. I can't wait around hoping that Chris is going to talk him down. There's got to be another way to get in there No, no, Holden, I'm sorry, you're me. One step closer, and this syringe ends up in her neck Chris, he means business.  You're right for once, Lucinda. You can't get away with this. It's over  No, it's not. Not by a long shot. I'm warning you, Evan. Give it up.  I'm not taking orders from you. Now get the hell out of here I couldn't get through to him. He's fixated on his research. He really thinks he can get away with this It's all right, it's all right. Thank you so much for trying, Chris. I know it's difficult considering what he did to your dad. Yeah, I just hope he gets what he deserves. Don, hi, it's Holden Snyder. Listen, I need a huge favor. I need you to send over the WOAK chopper. Just send it to the an emergency. Holden, what the hell do you think you're doing? Listen, Margo, I can't I can't do this any longer. WOAK is sending over a chopper now. It's on its way. We're not going to let him get away, Holden. Would you rather Lily and Lucinda get killed? Maybe it would be better to bring Evan out into the open, but it won't be without hostages, you know that. Yeah, well, I'm going to make sure that that doesn't happen.  Quit stalling Lucinda and get me that jet, or Lily's dead Okay, wait look, um hey, Wesley, it's me. How soon can you have the jet ready on the tarmac? Right, right, fueled, ready to go. Evan Walsh. Destination? I don't really know that, but he's standing right next to me. I'll fill it in himself. Go ahead.  You stay back That was a very stupid thing to do, Lily. Okay, well then, what's your fantasy first time? You know, would it be lit by candlelight with rose petals strewn about the duvet?  I don't even know how to spell duvet. And as far as the rose petals go, you can cut that out of my movie. Okay, okay, so I guess the bear skin rug B&amp;B is out of the picture? What about, oh, what about like all sweaty and hot in the locker room after, like, a really rough game of handball?  Have you been watching porn? At my grandma's house? No.  Well, you certainly have an active imagination. Well, that's because I'm a writer. I have to. It's my job. Okay, well, if you were to direct, like a " hardcore, just romantic, what would it be?  It would be nothing like " From Here to Eternity. " You know, us in the surf with the waves crashing over us. Oh, yeah. No, no, no. Too much sand. No.  Exactly. And I don't know, I can think of millions of romantic Hollywood classics, but I just don't see you and me in any of them. Well, that's because quote, unquote, " Lifestyles " weigh against the old production code.  I want us to be different. You know, I want us to be unique. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, why do we have to be a stereotype? Why can't we just be ourselves?  Exactly, I mean, and do everything our own way. Yeah. But what exactly is our own way?  That is the question. I mean, when we get together, what'll relationship do we want to have? You know, Meg's a very straightforward person. She doesn't like deception. How she ended up with you and Craig is a mystery to me, really. Oh, well, it's not a mystery to me. See, someone who shall remain nameless, shot me in the back and then pushed me off a cliff, left me for dead and then, you know, Meg was nice enough to nurse me back to health. Oh, yeah, I see I thought that was ancient history. You know, if you ask me, Meg is going to be pretty upset when she finds out you tried to set Craig up. And then manipulated her out of giving up her very own corporation. That's not what happened. Oh, really? She never cared about the company, anyway. Why what am I wasting my time with you? I've got a story to with " The Intruder. " The least I can do is give him a story he's proud of. (Cell-phone-rings)  Not now, Paul. I think we should talk. It's kind of urgent.  It's not a good time. It's about the murder case.  What about it? Well, it looks like your brother Holden is not a suspect anymore.  Where are you? I'm at the Lakeview. Do you want to meet me in the lobby?  I'll be right there. What did Ryan want?  It's about Holden. I have to go. Meg. I'm sorry, Evan. I was desperate to get out of here. I shouldn't have done it. It was a mistake. Listen to me listen to me. Listen to me, please. We are of no use to you dead. None. Because there are witnesses outside. There's Don't hurt Lily. Leave her be. I will fund your research anywhere you like, anywhere in the world. You will go, and you will save lives, and you'll start by saving my daughter's life.  You're right. You're right. I can use her to get out of here. Yes, and there's my jet just waiting, waiting for you on the tarmac. It's waiting.  How do we get to the airport? Hello out there We need transportation to take Evan to the airport to my jet The helicopter's about to land on the roof.  If this a trap, you're both dead Back Stay back Lucinda, get out here Go, go Open the door Open the door  Hey, what's happening? What do you know about Holden? Emily got a call at " The Intruder. " And there's a hostage situation at anybody hurt? I'm not sure. The hostage taker, that's who killed Dusty. And right now, he's got Lucinda and Lily.  Holden must be going crazy. I need to get there. No, hold on. It's probably dangerous, Meg.  I don't care. I'm sure the police have everything under control. Look, I you know, I was just trying to help you. You know, helping Holden.  Thank you for doing that, but I really have to go. Okay. I'm going to come with you, all right? Make sure everything's all right.  Hurry up We don't have much time Move it I'm moving  Open the door, open the door Okay.  Open it, open it Quickly, quickly, push it open Out, out, out, move, move, move. To your go I'll get something to break down the door. No time, let's go Let's go, there's another way -  Where's the helicopter? I hear it I hear it Oh, there it is there it is Please, Evan, please this is on my head. This is my doing. I brought you here. Let Lily go. Let her go She has nothing to do with this. Let her go  All right, if you insist. Come here. But that chopper better be ready to take off (Helicopter-whirring) (Helicopter-whirring) He's dead. He's dead If ever there was poetic justice Are you all right? Did he hurt you? I'm sorry, I'm just a little shaken up. I can't believe that Evan killed Dusty. Well, you're safe now, that's all I care about. Paul said something about the killer holding Lily and Lucinda. Are they okay? Yeah, as far as I know, they're fine.  Well, thank God. What about the killer? Emily, who's the killer? Evan Walsh. Chris' research partner at the lab? That guy's a killer? Yeah, comes as a surprise, doesn't it?  Have you seen Holden? No. Actually he went after Lily. Evan took them up to the roof.  Chris, hey, what's going on? I don't have time to answer questions. I have to get to the medical examiner right now, sorry.  Why, was someone killed? Evan Walsh. Yeah, he shot himself with the same injection that he used to poison my father and kill Dusty. Let's get you back to the farm. No, Margo wants to take my statement. No, after that Margo will understand. I'll go talk to her. You saved my life. How could you let this happen? I had no idea that he was capable of anything like this. I had no idea. Ambitious, yes. Ambitious, but not of any do anything like this. If you weren't so ambitious, you wouldn't have brought him here. I wanted my company back. Dusty would still be alive. I make no excuses about wanting my company. I didn't want anybody to get hurt. You brought him here, and look what happened. You're going to have to live with that for the rest of your life. Okay, Margo said it's okay if you come down to the station tomorrow and make a statement. I'm glad you're okay. I'm fine. Take care of your wife.  Lily, hey, are you all right? Yeah, yeah 's all over.  I am so glad you are not a suspect anymore. Well, that makes two of us. Three of us.  Lucinda is she okay? She's giving her statement to the police. I'm going to get Lily home.  Okay. It's really nice to see you smile.  Well, there's been so much pain lately. Losing the baby, Holden under suspicion for murder, I kind of forgot what it's like to be happy. The medical examiner is on his way. I was just talking to him yesterday about saving lives. See, he was so committed to doing good, this just doesn't seem real. No, it doesn't. Emily, Chris, I have questions about this Evan Walsh IV. Why would he choose Oakdale for his lab anyway? Well, he was Lucinda's step-grandson from her marriage to James Walsh. She didn't like him very . Thank you. Lucinda, I'll have questions for you later. What can I do for you? Anything? Do you want some tea? No, no, I'm fine. It was torture knowing what was going on and not being able to do anything. I should have told you when my mother called, but you were so intent on getting me out of town. I was so worried about her. Speaking of Lucinda, what was going on with you two up on that roof? She was just upset with me, that I risked my life to save hers. But I couldn't let that psychopath just hold a needle to her neck. I had to do something. So I pushed I pushed him out of the way, and that's when the needle that's when he got stuck with the needle. Thank God that you're here. And you're safe. That's all that really to know Evan Walsh, and why did you involve yourself why did you involve yourself in his project? I met him at a medical conference after I left Darfur, and then I ran into him when I first got back to Oakdale. He was working with Craig Montgomery, needed a lab to do his research. I was at Memorial. It just made sense at the time, I guess. Hey, Sis, one of your uniforms said you wanted to talk to me. Yes, I do. I have questions. As much I know you enjoy interrogating me, Margo, you can't still think I'm guilty. I heard on the news you got your killer. Yes, we did, but why did Evan Walsh choose our little town to bring his research to you? I haven't a clue. Well, did he search you out, or did you contact him? No, he came to me, and impressed. I mean, I'm not a scientist, but it seemed to me like he was on the cutting edge of some real medical breakthroughs with technology that I thought I thought that could save lives. Be a very lucrative investment for Montgomery Enterprises. He had me completely fooled. Yeah, he had everyone fooled except for my father. Don't beat yourself up. Yeah, I should have listened to him. He's been chief of staff for how many years? How many years? He knew Evan's research wasn't right for the hospital, but I was going to prove him wrong. Chris, can I tell you how many times Tom has gone up against your father? It happens. Yeah, not with damage like this. You did not bring Evan Walsh to this town. You did not inject your father with the poison that caused his stroke, and you did not do this. This is not your fault. trusted my dad's instincts, but I was just too full of myself. This is on my head now. Thank God Dr. Hughes slept through the whole thing. Nurse #2 Who would have thought Evan Walsh was a killer? All he ever talked about was saving lives. I guess you never know about people. This feels really right to me.  You know, I'll never stop wanting to feel your arms around me, Paul. So, whenever you're ready, I'm right here.  I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lead you to believe otherwise, but I can't be with you, Paul. Not now, not ever. Are you sure that you're all right? Maybe we should have had you checked out at the hospital before we left. No, no, no, I'm fine. You're not a suspect anymore. I blame myself for . My main concern is you, and I would do it all over again to keep you safe. The way you tried to protect me, I'll never forget it. I don't know what I'd do if I lost you. You and I I don't know what the future holds, but I do know this. I can't imagine my life without you. I feel the same way.  Now who's sublimating? Got enough meat there? Well, I don't know, I guess, all the talk about being together, yet still remaining ourselves, made me hungry.  Yeah, it's kind of scary, too. I mean, knowing that you can invent yourself however you want to be. Yeah, make it up as you go along.  It's like it's like directing your life as a feature. Yeah, or writing a story and hoping that it's not boring and done pretty well so far. I mean, definitely since you helped me realize that I'm Gay.  Yeah. Yeah, and you know, you've been so, so amazing, since when I was going through that terrible time in the wheelchair.  Yeah, you know, we both realized that it's probably a better idea for us to live together with your family right now than on our own. Yeah, and you know what? I think that's it. I think that's what we both want a family. A new kind of family. And I guess I don't really know how we go about getting that, but the cool thing is, at least we get to do it together.  Yeah, at our own pace. No. Too much to digest.  Well, that's the other great part. You know I'll always be around to help you out. Nice nice, over my dad. I meant it. You were wrong to accuse me of poisoning my father and killing Dusty. Well, I know that now. After everything we meant to each other I had my reasons. The lengths you went to prove my guilt. That was low, Emily, even for you. You know what, you're not blameless. You thought I was a suspect, too. Yeah, but I didn't go to the cops and accuse you. I was angry, and I was hurt, and I'm sorry for hurting you. I'm sorry. The murder is solved, okay? The nightmare's over, can we at least try to be friends Not in this lifetime. No, as far as I'm concerned, I never want to see you again. Never is a long time, Meg. I don't think you really even mean that.  I ca has happened. So you don't still have feelings for me?  It doesn't matter what I feel. I know, in the end, that you're not good for me. You need to let me go. What if I can't let you go?  Well, then you have to live with it, because I'm not changing my mind. And I'm never going to stop loving you.  Well, then you have to live with wanting something you can't have because I can't do this anymore. Well, well, well. Looks like we both lost the girl. Speak for yourself. I'm not giving up. You are delusional, Ryan. But it's all over for you. You lost the girl and your precious company. Mark my words. It's not over, not even close. Had you have any contact with Evan Walsh before he came to Oakdale? No indication that he's capable of something like this? If I had thought any idea that he could do something like this, I would have sought help. I had only wished that I realized it sooner. Don't we all. Well, are you through with me, Margo? For now, Lucinda. You think you've won here, don't you? No one won here today. Oh, let's not play, Lucinda. Mark my words, Montgomery Enterprises will not be yours for long. It never was mine because the proper name is Worldwide. That's what it was called The only reason why Meg gave you back the corporation, she got this crazy idea in her head that I was Dusty's killer. Turns out I was innocent. Yeah, of this. I wondered who would fill her head with the nonsense that I would kill to keep my corporation up and running, huh? Oh, really? Well, you know, you've never been one to flee from a battle royal over business, and I know it's been driving you crazy that I'm running the show. I have tried not to notice. I know you better than that. What I don't know is how far you'd be willing to go to get back a company that you thought was rightfully yours? Don't you think there's been enough ranting for one day? Tell me, Lucinda. Was it worth it? Hi Hi, oh  Mommy, we saw you on TV, and we were so scared until we knew you were okay. Oh, I'm fine. I'm fine. We were so worried, we came right home. I'm glad you did. Is Grandma Lucinda all right? Yes, she is. We're all fine. You know what? Nothing is it. Give your mom a hug. On the next " As the World Turns. " I will keep your secret, but you went too far this time. I'm not going to sit here and do nothing while a crazy woman runs off with our daughter.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God, you're burning up.  Sam is up to something. I know it. Nothing will ever happen between us. Never. You got that? 
You know, every time I pour one of these, I just marvel marvel at the beauty of it. It's crystalline perfection. It's clarity. Mmm. Here. Cheers. Cheers. That's right. Savor it Mmm. Oh. That's good. So, tell me. Yeah? Now that you've taken over for Carly here, do people tell you their problems all the time? Well, you know, it's been the lot of bartenders since Herodotus. What? Spill it, Peretti. Snyder. Spill what? Whatever's bothering you? Nothing. Oh, come on. It's me, Katie. Okay, just one little question. All right. What does it say when your husband decides to spend the evening with the girl he got pregnant in high school? It's says your husband is nuts. (Janet-kisses-Brad) Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Where did that come from . No. Are you hungry? All of a sudden, I feel like I'm kind of hungry. I still love you. I still love you, and I have since high school. Maybe pizza. Pizza would be good get it on the way home. And don't pretend that this didn't happen. And don't pretend you didn't want it to happen. No, I didn't. I don't know what you're talking about. Liar. Mmm. Oh, hi, uh  Hi. Dad Hey. Hi, Uncle Jack.  What are you doing here? Well, I went by Al's to pick you up like we discussed, and Brad told me you guys went to the movies. Well, it was it was totally my fault. Was it? Yes. I asked Parker if he wanted to was homework? No, that that was kissing. We did the homework before. Are you hungry? (Janet-kisses-Brad) Janet. Janet, come on Come on You have to stop doing that Come on Why' cause I'm wearing down your resistance? No, because any more of this, it's gon na be hard to act like nothing happened. I'm glad it happened. I'm glad you finally know how I feel. Listen to me. You don't love me. What? You don't love me. Why do you think I'm here? Do you think I like watching you be married to somebody else? Do you think I like seeing Liberty ensconced in this new, happy family? You said you wanted that. I do want that. I want what's best for her. But I can't pretend anymore. I want you, too. I want you saw you on the football field. Janet. Janet. And you wanted me. I think you still do. Holden, we can't do this. You're right. Carly-and-Holden-make 2-love So I got everyone their own bowls' cause no one in the universe likes as much salt as I do.  Yeah, you know, can we just go home? Is that okay? Sure, I think that's a great idea. Liberty, always a pleasure. Oh, you guys don't want to stay ?' Cause I got popcorn.  Yeah, I'll see you around. Hey, thank you for the math help because I'm totally in love with cosines now. There was no need for a paternity test. You are Brad's child. Hey thanks. Uncle Jack, could I just talk to you seriously for a second without this, like, annoying brassy exterior thing don't know. I just if you could just not tell her about what you saw here tonight. Like, you could maybe tell her about popcorn, but not the whole kissing thing .' Cause given her history, which you'll probably understand, she gets a little hysterical when it comes to me and guys. Right. And it's not like I would ever be as stupid as she was well, still is kind of, if you know what I mean, but Well, your concern for her is overwhelming. Like Parker said, I'll see you around. Okay, sit. I never thought I'd say this in a million years, but I think we need to talk. Yep, yep, yep. We're gon na talk. Listen to me. You don't love me. I don't think you love me. That's not your call. No, no, listen to me. stuck on me like I'm some kind of kidney stone that you can't pass not that I would know anything about that, but we did this segment on the show Brad, don't talk. You're really not good at it, okay? Okay, but, you know, I get it. I get it. I get it. You know, I get it. You know, it's like flying for the first time and someone bumps you up to first class, and then from there on out, it's like coach, middle seat. You know how bad I have it? You say all that, and I still love you. Will you stop saying that? I mean, you got to get over this high school thing. I mean, it's like it's like you're protecting yourself. Well, I'm starting to feel pretty beat up right now. Okay. Okay, another thing do much better than me. We both know you don't mean that. I do. I do. And better than me is someone who really loves you. I don't. I don't, Janet. And I never did. Brad got all weird because Jack took Janet out. He took her to Parker's tennis match. Parker's not Parker's tennis match? I mean, what's next? Can I ask that? See, that's your response a sane response. Brad, however Decides to spend time with Janet. What Brad and Jack have going, calling it sibling rivalry is like saying that World War II is a slight difference of opinion. Hmm. How mature. Well, actually, Brad has matured a lot over the past few months much more than I have. You're not really worried about this, are you? No, no. It's just doesn't mean to, but she pushes a lot of Brad's buttons. He feels guilty and protective of her, and, ugh, I don't even want to say it, but it's like he's obsessed with her. Then I feel sorry for you. I know what it's like to be married to someone who is obsessed with their ex. Thanks for letting me down easy. Oh, Janet, I'm trying to get through to you. You need to stop focusing on me, and you need to move on find someone who's worthy of worthy of you being so so great and everything. Like Jack? No, no, no, no, no not Jack. That's not what I'm talking about. You know that. Jack off limits. Off limits. He's a train wreck waiting to happen. This is what's confusing me You wouldn't be so flipped have feelings for me I just don't want to see you getting hurt, you know, or bored to death, which is a real possibility with Jack. What about at the tennis match the other day? You, me, and Liberty she was sitting between us, and we were all holding hands. Look me in the eye and tell me you didn't feel a connection. Like we all belonged together. The connection that we have it's because we have a beautiful, funny, smart daughter. But Janet, that is the extent of it. I am with Katie. I want to be with Katie. Want to spend the rest of my life with her. Like I want to spend mine with you? Oh, come on, come on, come on. Please, stop crying. I am so not worth it Come on. Wow. I turn my back for one moment, and look what happens explanation?  I'm tired. I'm going to bed. You can put it off as long as you like, but we're gon na have to talk about it sometime.  What's there to talk about? Parker, she's older than you, and you said it yourself. What if she's not as in to you as you're in to her?  What makes you say that? You just assume that I'm some geek pushing myself on her? No.  And maybe if you stop being a cop for five minutes, you wouldn't be alone. I'm sorry. I didn't just just came out. No, hey, Parker. One thing your mom taught me. Whenever your kid is telling you the truth, you really can't get upset about it.  That's not the truth. Well, whatever. You don't like me butting into your personal life. I get Liberty. I do. I think she's a funny kid. But sometimes when people think everything's a joke, they can cause a lot of pain. Wow. That was really Yeah. It was. So, what do we do now? I feel like for so long I've been worried about things. I've been thinking about so many things talking way too much about things. I want you to know that when I'm around you, I feel like I feel like I can really really be myself. I think I know what you mean. And I think that was a very sweet way of letting me know that you don't want to talk. No, no. That's not what I meant. I want you to know that you make me feel really good even before this. And I just hope that What? I hope you're not sorry that we did this 'm gon na stay here tonight while your mom's away. But there's something I got to do.  No. Please do not tell Brad and Janet about this. It's not that big of a deal. It's not like anything bad happened.  Then why do you have to tell them about it? Because, I just want to she's older than you.  What difference does it make? A lot. A lot at your age.  You know, Mom would be so much cooler about this. Probably. But you have two parents, and I'm the one that's here. Nice of you to knock. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't really think I would walk in on my parents making out. That is not what's happening here. We were having a very serious conversation, and your mother got upset. Right. And I was trying to make her, Brad. Just go. Okay your insights wrong. All my insights right. Okay, you be real nice to your mother' cause she's way too nice to you. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. So, you finally made your move, Mom, huh? don't. You made your move Just don't. And you just blew everything sky-high. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get personal. No, you know what? How about this? How about you don't apologize for something we both know I had coming? You were having a bad night, and I just made it worse. I should have been a little more sensitive. Huh? My ex-husband that I treated really, really, really badly probably doesn't need to hear about my present marital issues. Maybe. Are you still mad at me? I mean, I'm fine. I wouldn't come back if I couldn't handle it. Right. Wow. Mike Kasnoff saying everything's fine, nothing to worry about just like always. Okay, fine. I hate your guts. Is that better? Maybe a little more honest. Let's just leave the past in the past. All right, and I just want you to know that as mad as I was at you, I never came close to hating you. It's none of your business. None of my business? None of my business? I don't really know if you realize this, Mom, but my entire life has revolved around your relationship with this particular dude. That is not true. And it's my business because you made it my business because you were always pining after some guy who was never in the picture. I mean, why do you think I finally decided to take off and go This is not a conversation for tonight. All right? I admit I was the worst mother in the whole world. But let's talk about it tomorrow, okay? Not tonight. I'm not saying you are a bad mother, Mom. I'm saying you can be really dumb, okay? Really dumb. Oh, thanks a lot. That makes me feel better. I mean, I could just picture you throwing yourself at him, and him rejecting you. Wow. This is the conversation I always dreamed about having with my daughter. But, Mom. Okay, I know I know he's kind of cute and funny, but he's really not that great. I just got really ticked because I don't want to see you crying about him again. I'll make a deal with you. What? I will try and stop crying as long as you promise me that you will never end up like me . Especially someone who will walk away and never think about you again. Mom, you don't have to worry about me, really, at all because I'm the one who does the walking, not the crying. God, I hope so. Knock on door Hey, just get rid of whoever it is. I look like crap. Okay, okay. Well Hey. Hey, we meet again. Yeah. Hmm. Your mom around? Uh, yeah. She's really upset. So honestly, if you bring up the whole Parker thing, I think it would send her over the edge. Okay, later. Hey. Hi, Jack. Wow, you look like hell. Wow, thanks. That's just what every girl wants to hear. You want to tell me what you're crying about? It's no big deal. I just made a total fool out Can I just say one thing? Has anyone ever stopped you? No. I just want you to know that I realize how complicated your life is. And one of the things that I really like about you is how you balance everything, look after your family. Oh, my family. I can't even go there. It's just this whatever happens, whatever has happened I will not become a complication for you. No? No. I expect nothing of you. You owe me nothing. Can we just stop talking? Do you understand what I said what I meant? Carly. You define the word complication. I guess I was trying to be noble. I've never been very good at that. This wasn't exactly a surprise. These last few weeks I haven't avoided you. But for as long as we can, can we just try to talk about things that a car, how to hitchhike? Hey, now that last one was mean. I just want to say I'm really happy. It's been a long time since that was true. It couldn't happen to a nicer guy. Knock on door Oh, maybe that's Winkie making sure that we don't have any alcohol in here. You know what? Hmm? I'll be right back. Okay. Is something, uh Dad, how come it took you so long to answer the door? Can I come in? What are you doing here? Is everything okay? Yeah, we were just having a raid on another cabin, and one of the counselors said that you were stuck here because of the rain. Right. Right. That's right. So they said I could come visit, but, Daddy, it's raining. Can I please come in? Yeah Carly's here, too? Hi, Honey. Hi. Does Sage know you're here? Wait, wait. Why didn't you guys tells us that you came back? Well, we didn't want to spoil your night. So, what happened after the talent show? What did you guys do? Did you have a party or something? Why is your mattress on the floor? Well, the bunk collapsed. Yeah. It was, uh it was quite a surprise. It seems like you guys are having a pretty weird night. Oh, this is my favorite thing. Something, and I have no idea what it is, is all my fault. It feels like I'm still married. You know what? This isn't a really good time for me. I think you should go. What, that serious? What what what what happened? And why is to make myself feel better. We both know it's all my fault. Now, wait. We both don't know that because I don't know what you're talking about. I told Brad how I really felt about him. Oh. I didn't tell you to do that. I told you to get it out of your system. That's how I interpreted it. Oh. Didn't go so well? No. Okay, well, then it's all my fault. Blame me. No, come on. I can't blame you. Because no matter what you did say, I'm pretty sure you didn't say, " Hey, act like a stupid 17-year-old and tell the guy that you're in love with him and scare the crap out of him, " which is exactly what I did. Oh, sorry. I'm really afraid I might be a ridiculous person. No. sensitive. You feel deeply. That's not ridiculous. I think that's pretty great. I have a 16-year-old daughter with more sense than me. When am I gon na grow up? When am I gon na learn when to quit? Hey. So, stomping all over a woman's heart really works up an appetite, huh? You know I'm really worried about your mother, and that just makes me feel so much better. Yeah, well, if you were worried about her, maybe you could have been, like, a little nicer to her. And God, are we supposed to drink out of that now? That's just gross. I think you're worried about her, too, and you're just looking out for her. Someone has to. Look. I think the only way for us all to get through this is to be honest. And you know, no one's doing your mother any na happen. Okay, I just ugh, I can't believe her, you know? It's like she let one stupid prom night ruin her entire life. No, no. She doesn't think that. She thinks you're the greatest thing that ever happened. Oh, I'm totally not talking about me. I'm talking about you. Look, I told you. Like, I am sorry. If she would have told me Oh, my God. Do you not know why she didn't tell you? She said that Dude, she didn't want to know for sure you didn't love her. It's like she would have rather lived in this little fantasy world, and she put her whole life on hold for you, and now that's totally gone.  Liberty. How weird was it when my dad walked in on us? Laugh out loud. you to be happy. I am happy. No, I don't mean in that Zen " I never complain, so everything's fine " kind of way. I mean, " Like my girlfriend's so hot and thinks I hung the moon " kind of way. I could live with that. It'll happen. You're gon na find her. There is a girl out well, there's a lot of girls out there who are smarter than me, but it'll be the right one. Okay, I have to go check in, see how my new nuclear family dysfunctions tonight. Bye. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Safe trip home. Want another beer? Why not? I got no place to go. Right. You still have a thing for her, don't you? No. It's an amicable split. We're still good friends. Right. And I am Iron You're too emotional. You act without thinking. You should be more like me. I mean, look how well it's worked out for me. I'm happily married. My kids adore me. My brother's like my best friend. You're just trying to make me feel better. No, I'm trying to make you see how awesome you are. And you're open. You don't laugh at anybody but yourself. I wish I was more like you. I don't. What I make a fool out of myself. So do I. Janet, so do all of us. We all do. Better to make a fool out of yourself trying to connect with someone, don't you think? I mean, tonight something came up with Parker and I did what I always do. I'm always right, and I told him how much he screwed up. What? What he'd do that . That's all. He made the mistake that most kids make, and I always he told me I always act like a cop. Oh, that's not true. No, it is. It is. No, okay. Here I am trying to make you feel better, and I'm talking about myself. Oh, no, no, no. Go. I like it. I like it. Please. No, but my point is, I don't want you to go changing just because of what happened with Brad tonight. I'm not gon na go changing, Jack. I'm just gon na join a monastery in Brazil. No, no. I can't let that happen, either. It's a bracelet that I made for Mom. You can give it to her when you go back. Wow. This is really great. She's gon na love it. And the beads Yeah. I'll make sure she gets it. I'm gon na walk you back to your bunk, okay? No, you don't have to do that. I know the way. No. Oh, no, no. I insist. No arguments. Let's go. Okay. Bye. Bye, Sweetheart. Hey, you know, you were really good in that talent show. Thanks. I'm happy you were in the audience .' Cause my mom couldn't be there, you were like standing in for her. Thanks. Bye. I'll be right back. That was a reality check. What the hell were you thinking? You're nice, Jack. You want to have a drink? Oh, I wish I could. I got to get back to Parker. Right. Mmm. That's right. Okay. Don't worry about it. You know feel better. Good. Just remember what I said. Okay? Do you want to come with me? We can sit on my front porch and have a beer. Yeah. Yeah, I'd love that, actually, because the type of mood I'm in usually gets me in a lot of trouble. Well then, what you need to do is hang out with a cop. Thank you. There you are. Well, I guess Parker's already in bed. Is it weird staying here you know, when you used to live here when you were married? Well, it's better for the kids. You know, this way they don't have to pack up everything and move it out to the farm every time their mom goes someplace. I'm gon na get that beer. I caught that, by the way. What? You didn't answer my question. Thank you. Is a little bit. We had a lot of good times in this house. A lot of bad ones, too. Mmm. But you move on. Which is something that I seem to have a problem doing. I don't know about that. Listen, I think tonight was a good thing. You know that something you dreamed of can't happen, so you set it aside. And move on. Or pretend to. Look, I wish that Carly and I could have been that low percentage of people who stay married. But we weren't. So I've got to concentrate on all the wonderful things in my life. Hmm. That's easy for you to say. Carly? " Holden, see you back in the real world. Carly. " So, Carly has been resistant to the idea. You really want to own a nightclub? It seems like a lot I think of it more as like a pulpit, you know? I could be a role model for young martini drinkers. It's my way of giving back, Mike. Ah. Great to see that you found your true calling. Yeah. I hate to be the one to break it to you, though. Carly is not known for changing her mind very easily. I know that. That's why I have to find an ambassador or a negotiator, a closer, if you will. Yeah? Who? Drinks are on me tonight, by the way. No. Yes, Mike. She'll listen to you. Come on. No. Well, why do you want to own a club? You already have the diner. I want it for Vienna. I want her man to be the king of the empire. I guess an empire's situation, it would be an emperor, wouldn't it? 're really crazy about her. Mm-hmm. And lately I've been getting really ambitious. I've actually been looking into the mirror and saying, " Who are you? " That's what the love of a good woman will do. Yeah, you should try it. Keep looking. Cardinal rule of being a bartender is just listen. Don't give advice. I'll see what I can do with Carly. Thank you. A man like that going home alone, what's the world coming to? What's burning? A special treat. I made you cookies. Those are cookies? Yeah, well, I figured if I cooked them twice as hot, they'd be ready twice as fast. Oh. You don't like to follow directions, do you? Well, you know, some guy in a cookie factor thinks he knows everything. Preheat the oven. Grease the pan. He's not a little Maybe in a little bit. Dark. Let's put these down for now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's the thought that counts. So? So? Tonight? Janet? Any new developments? Not really. I mean, she just confessed that she's always loved me and threw herself at me. You're not gon na say anything. What's there to say? Except thank God. There's something I didn't tell you about your brother tonight. What? He was really nice. He was firm, and he didn't pull any punches, but he was really, really nice about it. Good. He ought to be. He owes you big time. I wouldn't say that. Come on. Look at Liberty. Look how great she is. You did that. Hey. Speaking of Liberty. You never did tell my so fast. You need another beer? Uh Yeah. You're avoidance. Yeah, I'll be right back. Avoidance Hey, I'll worm it out of you You're not the only one who's good at interrogation Who the hell are you? I'm Janet. You must be Carly. Hey I thought you got stuck out at the camp. I got unstuck. Oh, this is, uh this is Janet So you thought you'd, uh, bring a date into my house, Jack? You got nerve, haven't you? You got a lot of nerve. You know, I'm not the teenage babysitter sneaking his girlfriend into the house. Right. You're right. I'm exhausted. And the drive was miserable, and I took it out on you and your little friend. I'm sorry. I'm gon na go your great discussion of literature or whatever someplace else. Wait, hold on a second. It was just the drive? Sage is okay? Nothing happened? Everything's fine, Jack. Nothing happened. Good night, Janet. That's a nice blouse. You make it yourself? That was Carly. She makes quite a first impression, doesn't she? Oh. You don't know the half of it.  Liberty. Thinking about you. Hope you enjoyed tonight as much as I did. You know, why don't you just show her your potholder collection? Cell phone ringing Or maybe show her your membership to the Hannah Montana fan club. Delete. Okay, I will not sound like a dweeb. I will not sound like a dweeb. Parker answers his cell phone Liberty? What's up? Hey. I just called to see if your dad got mad at you.  We had to have a talk. I . I think I kind of dodged that bullet. Hey, your dad came to see my mom.  I know. Yeah, except she was kind of in the middle of a meltdown, so I think they kind of didn't really get around to talking about us.  That's good. Yeah. Hey, I just wanted to tell you something. Tonight was, like, really great. I mean, it was the best.  Really? Because I was hoping that maybe ' Cause this girl in my math class called, and apparently, like, no one can figure how to do the homework, and I don't know. Thanks to you, I think I might actually be at the top of my class.  That's what I'm here for. So, same thing? Tomorrow night, right?  Yeah, sure. Why not? You know, I'm getting so into this math thing, I anyway, okay. I will talk to you later. Good night.  Night. Hi. It's me. I'm back.  Oh. Hi. Curb your enthusiasm. Can I come in?  Yeah, sure. If you want. What's wrong?  I don't want to talk about it. Cool.  Okay, don't do that. Hey, I get to do that. I'm your mom.  I just hate being the age I am, feeling stupid. I know.  Isn't this the part where you tell me something to cheer me up? Something to cheer you up, huh? Well, you're gon na get older. That happens no matter what. Stupid the problem with stupid is that it can stick with you for a lifetime. Hey, you don't have to take me back. It's okay. No, it's Well, it's just What? Don't you want to stay here and talk to her without me around? Oh, no. No, no one wants to talk to Carly when she's in a mood like that. By the way, that mood wasn't me. Don't give it a second thought. No, I mean the mood she was in. She was in that mood when she walked through the door. So whatever happened to upset her happened before she got home. I just thought you were gon na be mad, not say, " Thank God. " You know I'm not threatened by Janet. Of course not. That's why you're so happy every time you see her. I'm not threatened because while I and everybody else could see that she was obsessed with you, you didn't. Well, women being obsessed with me is such an everyday thing. that Janet outed herself, you'll believe me. Okay, I believe you. And maybe she'll see she can't have you and start to move on. I was pretty clear about it. And I just figure that the longer it went on, the more it would hurt her. You don't like to hurt people, do you? In football, yes. Girls crying? I hate that. Oh. Janet cried tonight? Well, you know what? Actually, that's a good thing. That's how you start to move on. I don't want to talk anymore. I have talked way too much tonight. Okay, fine. Shut me out. No, no. That's not what I had in mind. I want to share everything with you. I just don't want to use words. Oh. Okay. I guess we could try that. Hey. I saw No, I just wanted to make sure that everything was okay. Carly, is something bothering you? No. I'm fine. And the kids are fine, too. You know I would tell you if they weren't. Right, right. Just you're sure you're okay? Uh-huh. Thanks for checking. I'm okay. Don't waste your time on me. Lock up when you go, huh? Okay, Carly. What is going on? Next week on " As the World Turns. " I want you to move back in right away. You do still want to be with Lily, don't you? Not until I tell her the truth. You can't do that. I love you.  Are you threatening to kill me? 
Carly, I've been thinking about what happened. I understand why you had to leave, but I'm worried. I hope you got home in the storm and you're okay. Anybody home? Holden? Oh, I was so worried about you last night. You got my message, right? Yes, I did, but I was glued to the weather station. The storm it was horrible. Yeah, I thought my truck would make it, but the main road it was so flooded out. No, you were right to spend the night. So, how was it? Did you have fun? Was it like being a kid again? Not really. No? No sitting around the campfire telling ghost stories? No, it was pouring. The girls they stayed in the cabin. That's right. So, where did you sleep? In a broken bunk. Oh, my poor baby. Was it uncomfortable? there with you. How was the talent show? Faith and Nat were great. So was Sage. They were lucky. They got off the stage before it started to rain. And, uh, Faith she made this for you. She did? It's adorable. She she's incredible. How's it look? It's very nice. Holden, what's wrong? You're like a million miles away. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Is there a problem? I'm just a little disappointed that I didn't get back for our trip to Montana. Well, it's no big deal. We can reschedule it. Yeah, we can go anytime. You look a little worn out. Laughs I'm guessing you didn't get much sleep in that broken bunk. I'm fine. You know what? Why don't you go upstairs and take a shower? I for you somewhere. Want to take a nap? I could join you. Okay. Whatever. Let's forget about the trip for now. We can spend some time together right here at home. Gon na get that shower. Hmm. And you're okay. Grow up. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello? Hey, Carly, it's me. Can you do me a favor? Sure. Sure. Anything. Could you come over and pick up Ethan and take him for a while? Why? What's going on? Well, Holden just got back, and we really need to spend some time together. I'd take Ethan over to my mother's, but you're so much closer. Hey, Carly, listen, if it's inconvenient, it's really not a problem. No. No, I'd love to have him. I'll be right there.  Hey. Did you when she found out we're having a baby? Will you keep your voice down?  You didn't tell her. No, I didn't tell her.  Well, you know, you really shouldn't put it off, because I'm gon na start showing soon. I mean, what's the matter? You afraid to bring it up again that you cheated on her? Meg and I were not together when this when this happened.  Well, something's stopping you from telling her the truth, and want to know what I think? Well, I think that you think that when she finds out, she's not gon na want to marry you anymore.  Okay. Come here. What do you think? Will Paul say " I do " or " I don't "  It is beautiful. And, Meg, you could wear a burlap sack, and it still wouldn't make him change his mind. 's too tight?  Meg, what are you so worked up about? You're not pregnant, are you?  No. I am gon na wait till after we're married to try and have kids again.  Well, um, this dress will definitely put him in the mood.  Well, that's a good thing.  Yeah.  I just need to convince my mom that, too.  Why does your mother need convincing?  Well, Paul and I were supposed to get married once before, but something happened, and I called it off. And I don't think my mom's ever forgiven him for that. Among other things.  That is all water under the bridge. You and Paul finally got it together, right?  Yeah. You know, I may be jinxing it, but it feels like everything is finally working out. I'm not worried about Meg. She's totally committed to me. I don't understand What the hell is she still doing here? Mom, shouldn't you be resting? Don't change the subject, Paul. I thought you were going to have this troublemaker evicted. I changed my mind. Why?  Well, maybe you should tell your mom. You stay out of this.  Okay. You do the honors. See you later. Paul, what was she insinuating? Tell me what's going on. Sofie's pregnant, and she's swearing that it's mine. You're not believing her. She can't be telling the truth. She's lying. I wish. Carly. I'm here to pick up Ethan. Well, I was so worried that you ended up in a ditch somewhere. As you can see, I'm fine. You got my message? Yeah. Just now. You don't have to . Are you sure you're okay? What do you think? Carly, is that you? Hi. Carly's here to pick up Ethan. Oh, you're the best. Come on in. Thank you so much for doing this. No problem. Oh, that bracelet is beautiful. Faith was so proud that she made it for you. How did you know Faith made it? I can explain that. You didn't tell me that Carly was at the camp with you last night. Yeah, Carly was at the camp, too. Why didn't you tell me? I was going to. I just never got around to it. I was bringing J.J. to the boys' camp on the other side of the lake. I thought I'd swing around and see how Sage was doing. I didn't even know that Holden would be there. Funny how we both ended up there intend to stay, but there was a talent show. The girls begged us. We couldn't let them down. Of course not. I'm sure you guys had a wonderful time. Wish I could have been there. That would have been better. For the girls. Well, I'm sure you guys made the most of it. Did you have to stay the night because of the storm? No. I took my chances with the back roads. I was fine. I got home safe and sound. Thank goodness. All right. I'll, uh, go get Ethan ready. Thank you so much for doing this. I mean, even if we can't go away, at least we can spend some quality time together. Remember that sexy lingerie you helped me pick out? I'm planning to put it to very good use. Sofie can't be pregnant. Mom, I bought her it. That doesn't mean you're the father, Paul. Mom, I had sex with her. You and who else? That's the question. Well, since then, she says nobody. After all the lies that girl has told, you're gon na believe this? Does Meg know about this? I can't bring myself to tell her. It's gon na kill her. Well, maybe she doesn't have to find out. I'm not gon na lie to her. You have to prove that the baby isn't yours. So you make Sofie get a sonogram, and then when you see how far along she is, you can do the math. Maybe you're not the father after all. Hold that thought.  Meg, I thought you liked that one. Why don't you buy it?  Yeah, I'm superstitious. We haven't set a date yet. what you want, why wait?  I don't know. Paul and I have messed up before. I don't want anything to go wrong again.  Meg, of course something will go wrong. It's life. Chuckles You just need to have hope and just take a chance on it.  I have waited a long time for this, haven't I? Laughs And after everything Paul and I have been through, I think we have earned a little happiness, don't you? (Knock-at-the-door)  Paul, hi, come in. Come in. How's your mom? Uh, she's fine. Why don't you get your stuff and come with me?  Where? Uh, to the hospital.  Um. We're gon na get you a full prenatal exam.  Now? Yeah. Why wait?  I-I'm I-I just had a little morning sickness. All the more reason to get you checked there's a little one involved.  That's really sweet. Here. Come on.  Well, this isn't really just about the baby, is it? Um, Sofie, look, I am not happy that you're pregnant. But if this is my baby, then I'm gon na be responsible.  I'm glad you said that, because I really want to do the right thing for this baby. But, you know, we don't have to treat it like it's an emergency. I'll make an appointment with the doctor for next week. I promise, and I'll keep you updated. Yeah, that doesn't work for me.  Yeah ,' cause you don't trust me. Better safe than sorry.  You know, I'm having I'm having your baby, Paul. I'm not gon na let anything bad happen to it. I've already lost two babies, Sofie .  You know you know, we're really a lot alike. We've both lost out on a chance to be parents. So maybe this time maybe this time it's meant to be. Sofie, let's get something straight. If we do have this baby together, that doesn't mean that you and I have a future.  You don't know that. Will you please come to the hospital with me?  Yes. Anything for our baby. How'd it go?  Fine. Fine. You don't have to worry about a thing, Paul. Everything looks good for a healthy first trimester.  See, I told you. I'll recommend some prenatal vitamins. Other than that, the basic ground rules apply no alcohol, easy on the caffeine, and treat yourself to a healthy diet with plenty of protein, calcium, and folic acid.  I know 's right. Second pregnancy. You're an old pro. So, how many weeks? Can't really say for sure until we do a sonogram, which we should probably schedule within the next month or so. Today. Let's get it done today. I want to know exactly how far along she is. It's open. Come on in.  Hey, it's Meg. Hi.  I hope I'm not bothering you. No, no, come on in.  How are you feeling? I'm better, thank you. How's the shopping going?  Well, I haven't selected a wedding dress yet. But I do have a few good prospects. Well, I'm sure they're lovely, but I still wish you'd let me design something for you.  That would be incredible, but I can't let you do that. You have too much to have a goal. I need to be strong enough so I can dance at your wedding.  Definitely. Which is exactly why I don't want you to overdoing it with the dress. I'll have my seamstress do all the heavy lifting. I'll do what I just do best I will design and supervise.  Mm. Well, that does sound like a plan. (Both-laugh) You will be the most spectacular bride, and not because of the dress.  Thank you. I appreciate it, especially since I know you have so much going on. It helps to think about the future and not about the alternative.  You know, you really are amazing. Your son says so all the time. Where is Paul, anyway? Um, he had an errand to run.  Oh, okay. Well, um, can you tell him that I'm having lunch downstairs with one of my friends Laurel and if he I'm sure he would love that.  I'm gon na stop by the hospital first to pick up another friend, Deb. She's works in obstetrics, actually. So, I'll see you later.  Isn't it too soon for a sonogram? I mean, it's it's not necessary, Doctor. It's so early. Well, we'll have more data if we wait, but it's up to you. I think we should do it now. In fact, I insist. If there's something wrong with this kid, we should find out sooner rather than later, right? Very well. I'll set it up. The technician will be in soon. If this is my kid, like you're swearing it is, then you've got nothing to worry about, right?  Right. So let's just see what happens.  All set can't wait, right, Dear?  We're we're very excited. It's a big moment getting that first look at your little one. Yeah. Wouldn't miss it for the world. Cell phone rings I'll be right outside.  I have a question. Uh, how how accurate is this test when it comes to, uh, date of conception?  Pretty accurate. We should be able to calculate exactly how far along you are. Mom, this is kind of a bad time. What do you want? You need to get out of there now. Why? What happened? Meg is on her way over to the hospital to pick up a friend, a nurse, and guess which department she works in ob-gyn. Has Sofie had her sonogram yet? She's getting it right now. Well, unless you want to share that very special baby picture with Meg, you'd It's so tiny.  The fetus measures about 3.6 millimeters. That's normal at about four weeks.  So I'm only four weeks?  Or a little less.  And, uh, how how big would the baby be if I were, say, uh, two months?  About 20 millimeters. Why?  Just curious.  Want me to stick around in case your husband has any questions?  No, no, that's okay. Um, I'll tell him everything he needs to know.  Okay, then. Good luck.  Thank you.  Hello?  Cole, it's me.  Mm. Sofie, how's it going?  Cole, please, tell me that you haven't left town yet.  Nope, still in Oakdale. I need a little more cash before I head back to L.A.  I think that I could help you out.  I'm listening.  Come and make sure that nobody sees you, especially not Paul.  Paul. Hey.  Hey. What are you doing here? Can I make you some more eggs? No. No, thanks. Uh, this was terrific. I should get back to the farm, check on the horses. Not yet. I mean, we would be on the plane right now on our way to Montana. So? Well, the horses were all set to get along without you for a little while. I mean, why did we have Carly take Ethan? We have this whole house to ourselves. I missed you last night. I missed you, too. Let's go upstairs. Sure. Why not? Hey, look, Ethan this horse. It looks just like the one your daddy rides, huh? Mm-hmm. Here, you take him. He belongs to you. Well . We don't need to go on vacation to have a good time. I know. I got this for you the other day. Hope you like it. Holden. Holden groans What's going on? You haven't been the same since you got home. Is there something you need to tell me? Ooh, what's this? Everything's fine. Where did you go just now? Uh, nowhere. Are you sure? I mean, you seemed to just zone out there for a second. Well, what do you expect when you wear an outfit like that? I could take it off. No. That's my job.  So, why did you come to the hospital? It's not a problem with your mother, is it? Oh, no, no. It's not problem, but it does kind of have to do with my mom, because she told me that thought I would come by and see if I could take you all to lunch.  That's very sweet. Yeah, well, nothing better than a big bottle of champagne in the middle of the afternoon.  Well, that sounds wonderful, but where is all this coming from? Um, what? I'm not allowed to celebrate our engagement?  Yeah. It's just I don't know impulsive. Well, impulsive is good, right? You know, it gets crowded. We should go. You know, before we lose all the really good tables.  Paul?  Hey, hey.  Oh, hey. Thanks for coming.  Yeah, make it quick. If security sees me, I'm done.  Okay, I know. Come on, come on. We have to do this in private.  Hey, let's get one thing straight from the start I'm not stealing any all right? You see this? This is a sonogram.  I've seen a sonogram before. Where's the baby?  It's only a month along. Okay, you see this? It says 3.6 millimeters. All right, I want you to go into the medical-records room. I want you to find a sonogram just like this. The baby has to be two months along. It will say that the fetus is about 20 millimeters, okay? And then I want you to switch this one with that one. You got it?  What are you up to now?  You don't have to know.  This is yours, isn't it? You preggers again? I want to know what's going on.  Okay, you know what? It's doesn't matter, Cole. It doesn't matter. Look, if you do this, I will give you an extra $10,000, okay? Do you want the money or not? I thought I tapped you out the last 10 grand you gave me.  I know where to get more.  You been holding out on me? Excuse me. I'm sorry.  Okay, you go. You go now before anybody else sees you.  You're gon na owe me for this, Sofie big time. And, uh, maybe a bottle of champagne, like a really good bottle of champagne. Right away, Sir. Thanks. So, um, thank you for letting me crash. I've just felt like celebrating since Meg said yes.  Oh. Meg said that you were very romantic, but it's good to have some proof, isn't it?  You are one lucky lady, Meg.  Yes, I am. Sometimes I don't believe it myself. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm okay.  It's just like you seem kind of I'm I'm thrilled. The most beautiful woman in the world said she'd marry me.  So, have you guys set an actual date yet?  No, we haven't nailed it down yet. But, uh, Paul wants it to be soon.  Men are so impatient.  Yeah. That's what we love about them. Sorry for the delay. You need to go over your sonogram results?  That's that's fine. No rush, no rush. Strange. Your file is gone.  Oh, maybe the technician took it. I'll go track it down.  Oh, take your time. The father seems to be missing in action, too. I have another patient, but I'll be right back.  Thank you. Hurry up, Cole. Do something right for once in your life. That just wow. I don't know. Maybe it's because you went away. I'm sorry, what? It's just being separated it's made everything so much more intense. Holden, we came so close to losing everything. And now it's like every moment is more precious. It is. But enough being separated. Whatever we needed to learn, we've learned it. So I want you to move back in right away. You sure about that? Aren't you? Well, yeah. But I, you know, don't want us rushing into anything until we're truly ready. Oh, I'm ready. I miss you. I need you. The kids need you. The girls are still at camp. Yeah, but think of how ecstatic they'll be if you're home when they get here. Yeah, but what if If what? Well, predictions here, but if something happens and things don't work out, I don't want to disappoint them again. I don't want to, either. But I think it's what they really need. We all do. We love each other, don't we? Of course. I know that it's been a long road, and I've made terrible mistakes along the way. But I want you to see how hard I really have been trying to change. Well, I see it. I see it, and it means a lot. And I can't promise you that I'm gon na be perfect, but I really feel like I've learned to be more honest. And I've learned that from watching you, Holden. No, no, don't say that. It's true. It's true. It's like it's like you don't know how to lie. It's just not perfect. I'm anything but. You haven't lied to me. I've been judgmental, and I was harsh. I was a lot harder on you than I should have been. When two people love each other, they have a right to expect honesty. They also need to understand that people make mistakes sometimes. Not you. Not like me, anyway. Lily, I'm just as human as you are. Yeah, but it's safe to say that your mistakes are ancient history and mine are much more recent and hurtful. Okay, let's not go there, okay? What? You don't think I have more to be sorry for right now than you do? No, I-I don't. What do you have to be sorry for? I-I have faults, serious ones. Oh, yes. Yeah, you do. You have a bad habit of leaving your dirty socks on love you anyway, dirty laundry be damned. So say you love me, too, and we'll call it a truce. I love you, too. Enough to move back in with me? Yes. Are you sure? I'm sure. I want us to be together. I want us to be a family again. Holden, that's what I want more than anything. I wish we could stay like this forever, but we can't. We've got to get up. Why? ' Cause Carly's coming with Ethan. Oh, Holden, I can't wait to tell her the good news. Hey, you guys. How's my big guy? Did you have fun? Come on in. Thanks. So, uh, how'd it go with Holden? Mm. A little private time was just what we needed. As long as I live, I am never gon na be was baby-sit. Well, while you were just babysitting, my prayers were answered. Holden is gon na move back in. We're officially back together. That's fantastic. And it's all because of you. What what do you mean? Well, you've been such a good friend, and I know you put in a good word for me at camp yesterday with Holden. Whatever happened at the camp, it had nothing to do with it, believe me. Oh, come on, Carly. I know you. I mean, Holden was a completely different person when he got back. It's like whatever you did it was amazing. I know how much you and Holden love each other. And if things worked out, you did that, not me. Don't sell yourself short. You've always been our biggest cheerleader. Oh, Carly, I don't know what we would've done without just in time. Can you keep Carly company while I put Ethan down for his nap? Sure. Okay, big guy, nap time. Let's go. I should go. I'll walk you out. Hold it. Meet me at the stables. We need to talk. Okay. I'll be there. I got to go.  What? Wait, you hardly touched your food.  This dressing is fabulous. (Cell-phone-ringing) Yeah, it's I-I got to take this.  Okay. Okay.  Okay, he is such a sweetheart, Meg.  He is one in a million. What do you want?  Paul, where are you? Sofie, what is it?  Well, I just got the sonogram results. Don't you want to see them? Be right there.  Hey, what's going on? Um, one of the board members is kind smooth over some egos.  Okay, will you call me when you're done? Yeah, you got it. Please tell your friends I said goodbye.  Yeah, I will. You're positive everything is fine. I promise you that when I get back, I'll be all yours.  Paul, there you are. Sorry to keep you waiting. Not a problem. We've got the results of Sofie's sonogram. And what does that mean? Well, first of all, you'll be happy to know that the baby is perfectly healthy. Everything looks So, how many weeks? Well, if you see this measurement right here, uh, the fetus is at 20 millimeters, which works out to be about two months. Congratulations to you both. You, don't forget to take your vitamins and follow the other instructions I gave you, and Thank you, Doctor. So, now do you believe it's your baby? If you're gon na tell me that you're moving back in with Lily, she already gave me the good news. That's only part of what I have to say. You're doing the right thing. I completely understand. You know that I've always wanted things to work out for you two. I'm not so sure things have really worked out. They will if you let them. You do still want to be with Lily, don't you? I do. But I can't be, not until I tell her the truth. The truth about what? The truth about us. That we slept together. No, Holden, you can't do that.  This champagne must have cost the earth.  Laughing Yeah. Paul, uh, wants nothing but the best.  Well, he has good he is a little unpredictable.  Uh, yeah, that's an understatement. But that's what I love about him you never know what he's gon na do next.  Well, it keeps things exciting.  Yeah, well, there was a time when things were a little too exciting. And for a while there, I wanted nothing to do with it. But I never doubted how much he loved me.  Oh.  Laughs Yeah, I know, it sounds a little corny, but it's true. He never stopped loving me. And it feels like we've turned this corner, because I can trust him now. This time, it's gon na be different. It's gon na last.  Well, to a long and happy future and to lots of expensive champagne. I saw the sonogram myself. Sofie's baby was conceived two months ago, exactly when I made the worst mistake of my life.n't get ahead of yourself, okay? We lost our baby because of me. We almost didn't get back from that. Meg finds out that Sofie's having my kid. Mom, how do I get out of this? I'll tell you how. You marry Meg as soon as you can and you leave Sofie to me.  Okay. This this is all of it. But this time, you really have to leave town.  Why should I? You're my own little ATM.  You know what? Cole, I can't I can't deal with you right now. I'm tired and I'm sick to my stomach and I would I would really, really like for you to give me a break just this once.  No can do, Sweetheart.  Why not?  I may not be a math whiz, but even I can figure this one out. That little bun in the oven no way you can know that for sure.  Yeah, I pretty much can. And this 10 grand's not gon na cut it. So if you want me to help you convince Paul Ryan that my kid is his little bundle of joy, it's gon na cost you. I'm talking regular payments for a long, long time. So, you couldn't sleep, huh? Mommy doesn't blame you. I have been so excited. This has been an incredible day. Guess what. Daddy is moving home with us, and he's never going away again. Mm. Give me kiss. I love you, Pumpkin. If you tell Lily that we slept together, you'll break her heart. Why would you want to do that? Because I've been telling her for months that we can't lie to each other. How do I go back to her and lie about this? Telling the truth might be a sometimes it's also very selfish. If you tell her, it may relieve your guilt, but it will just cause her pain. It'll be worse if she finds out later. Why does she have to find out at all? Don't do this to her. Don't do it to me. I have a relationship at stake here, too, you know. Lily is my best friend. I can't lose her, Holden. I don't have anybody else. All we have to do is end this. We'll pretend that what we did last night never happened. You move back in with Lily. You be a good husband, a good father. Please don't throw everything away because of one stupid mistake. All right. All right, if you think that that's what's best. It's the only way. You do the right thing. Take care of your wife. (Engine-turns-over) On the next " As Emily did to make you her protector? If you really want to know the truth, I'll tell you. I love you. No. I can simply make you disappear.  Are you threatening to kill me? Sofie is pregnant with Paul's baby. 
Ooh. Lallilee. I like it. But I do not know how you're going to skateboard in it. Yeah, I thought we might try to do something a little more productive today. (Casey-sighs) Unproductive is so much more fun. Casey, you need to get a job. Didn't we already have this conversation? Yes, when you were first suspended. Now you've been expelled, you have to get serious. Why? Do you really want to live off your parents for the rest of your life? I don't have a problem with it. Okay, well they might. Come on. I'm sure there are tons of jobs on craigslist. Everybody knows the jobs on that site, no one wants. Oh, boo-hoo, poor you. Now sit down, shut up, and start looking. What? This whole Nazi cheerleader routine is totally hot. Don't you start. Luke? Are you here? Luke are you doing here? I was worried about you. I called you a few times, and never heard back. I know you were upset about getting expelled. What time is it? It's almost 3:00. In the afternoon? Rough night? Yeah, I just I ate something that didn't agree with me. You look like you slept in the barn with the horses. Why thank you. So what are you doing here? I thought you might want to know about your grandmother. What about her? Is she okay? Well, if you'd picked up your messages, you'd know. Hi. What a surprise. If you're busy, I can No, don't be silly. Come in. How are you feeling? Well, I'm going to feel a whole lot better once the surgery is done and over with. Have you scheduled it today. What? You didn't say anything? You didn't call Darling, there was a slot opening in the schedule, so Brian made a thousand trillion million phone calls. Anyway, I'm in. And I wanted you to know, and Brian absolutely refused to let me go to the hospital without telling you. You wouldn't have called me on your own? I don't want you to worry about me, Dear. Mother, stop. I'm coming with you. And I can come home with you later. They don't keep you overnight for a lumpectomy, do they? Not a lumpectomy. We're going the whole way. It's breast removal. It's a relief. That couldn't have been an easy decision to make. Well, it was easier this time around. Was this Brian's idea, too? I can't believe it. I really thought she beat it., I've got to get changed. I'm going to the hospital. There's no rush. She's not even there yet. Well, I can't just stand around here. There's got to be something I can do. Look, if you want to do something for your grandmother, cut out the booze. Excuse me? You smell like a brewery. Some guy spilled beer on my shirt. Yeah, right. Do you want me to call him? Look, I'm sorry. But from what your grandmother told me, drinking will kill you. And I would hate to think you'd do something that stupid. Hey. Hey. I thought you had a study program after school. Yeah, something more important came up. Yeah, well, you know marrying Jack was only half my dream-come-true. Do you want to know what the other half was? You going to Mom, this is about Jack. I got this call from a lawyer, Bonnie Mc-something. And I might get called to testify at a custody hearing for Sage tomorrow. I was afraid that might happen. I can't do it, Mom. There's no way I can stand in front of a courtroom full of people and trash you. Honey, Honey, I wouldn't worry about it, okay? What? What are you so Zen about? Did Sage finally come clean and admit you didn't hit her? No. But Jack has a plan to make this whole ugly mess go away. And if anybody can make it go away, it's Jack. Oh, hi. Mrs. Garza. I don't know if you remember me  You're hard to forget, Mrs. Snyder I mean, Ms. Tenney. I've just been waiting in the car for my daughter Sage to I'm curious, does she have an after-school program or something she forgot to tell me about?  Oh, no, you must have gotten your signals crossed. No, Sage left a little while ago with her dad.  I thought it was Mom's day to pick me up. It was. But I got off early, I thought I'd spend some time with my best girl.  Why do we have to walk home? It's a beautiful day, Sage. I thought we'd walk through the park and get some ice cream. Let's hurry up before all the tables get filled up. I'm not surprised you're not answering your phone. I'm just leaving the school, and Mrs. Garza said that you picked up Sage today. And since we didn't discuss that, I can only assume that you're going to try to get her to change her story before the hearing tomorrow. And if your case. So I suggest you call me when you get this message and tell me where you are, or I will ask the judge to keep both Janet and you away from our daughter.  Aren't you going to listen to that? Uh, later. Later, I will. How's your ice cream?  It's good. That's great. You know, I've been working so much, I haven't spent much time with you.  It's okay. Mom says you love being a cop more than anything. Not more than you and your brothers. Believe me. But I am. I'm glad I'm back on the force. For a time there, I didn't think it was going to happen.  Why not? Well, I guess you're old enough for me to tell you.  I'm almost a teenager, Dad. Right, yes. Well, the reason I did something illegal, Sage, and I lied about it.  You did? Yeah. Yeah, I'm not proud of it. I knew I made a mistake when it happened, and I felt really bad about it. What made it worse was when I kept lying about it. But I couldn't take it anymore, and finally, I I told the truth.  Were people mad when they found out you lied? A little bit. But they got over it. But I've got to tell you, it felt so good to tell the truth. I guess it's true what they say, that once you tell the truth, everything everything feels better.  Not always. What do you mean?  Sometimes, telling the truth ruins everything. You really think he can get Sage to come clean? You don't? I mean, she is Carly's daughter. She's also half-Jack's . She has to realize that telling lies can't get her what she wants. Yeah, like her mom and dad back together? Yeah. So I hope that Jack gets through to her and she realizes that's not Where are they? Who? Jack and Sage. I don't know. What did you think? That if Jack could get her alone, he could somehow convince her to say that you didn't slap her? Well, it might be nice for her to tell the truth for a change. She has told the truth. I didn't lay a hand on her. Are you calling my daughter a liar? Well, if she is, she learned from the master. And what has your daughter learned from you? Except how to jump into bed with the first boy who lays eyes on her. What is this? You going to hit me, too? No, don't want you to ever trash my daughter again. And don't you manipulate mine. Oh, like you've never done that. I know I've never hit her. Maybe I deserved it. Oh, you poor thing. Spoken like a true victim. I'm not a victim. And my mother never hurt your precious daughter, so get over it and stop trying to ruin her life. Well, they all the oncologist, the surgeon, everybody they all agreed that I should opt for the, you know, the mastectomy. So okay, okay. Of course. And yes, Brian was in favor of it. I I shouldn't have even brought it up, Mother. It's just nevermind. Oh, Honey, please, don't don't be upset. I'm not. And I feel pretty odd bringing it up, but the fact that you Darling, the truth is the truth it's easier for me just to talk to him, have him make the phone calls and all that stuff, because I don't see in his eyes the fear that I see in yours right now. I am afraid. I'm afraid of losing you. Honey, I don't want you to have any sad thoughts, ever. Don't you know by now you can't protect me? Don't you know by now you're going to be my precious little girl no no matter what? That'll never change. Darling, oh. Oh, Honey. Oh, Honey. I love you. I love you, too. Love you. Okay. Accounting trainee. You know, I hear next to nursing, accounting is one of the most stable jobs out there. Oh, yeah? Seriously, shoot me. Alrighty, then. How about No are going to inspire me to reach new heights. And if even one did and I got an interview, the minute they see my employment history includes stamping license plates at Statesville, I'm history. Okay, being an ex-con doesn't mean you can't turn your life around. That's what I was supposed to be doing at OU until they gave me the boot. Well, what about your grandmother? Didn't you used to deejay at her club? Yes, but that was until I cleaned out the safe to pay off my gambling debt. Okay, talk about burning bridges. You know, you're lucky your parents even let you stay here. We'll see what happens when they get that letter from the dean. Oh, my God. You still haven't told them you got expelled? Look, Brian, I appreciate your concern, thank you, but I am fine. I just need to take a I just can't help but think about your grandmother and what she's about to go through. Well, she must be very scared. I think the only thing she's scared of is not waking up. The rest of it she can handle, even this disfiguring procedure, as long as she stays alive. And not just for herself, but for your mother and your sisters and you. And yet, here you are, with a brand new kidney and a second chance at life, willing to throw it all away on a bottle of booze. All right, you know what, Brian, I've had enough lectures in the last couple of days from my parents and from Noah, so I'd really appreciate it if you'd just lay off, okay? I wouldn't even be bothering, Luke, if I didn't know how much Lucinda loved you and how it would kill her to find out what you're doing to yourself. you tell her. Okay. Well, don't worry, I won't. But if you want to show up for your grandmother today and not have her see right through you, you damned well better clean up your act. (Coughing)  I'm done with my ice cream. Can we go home now? No, Honey, not not yet. Tell me why you think telling the truth ruins everything.  Because it does. Like when Mom told you the truth about not really being sick. We didn't get married.  If she hadn't told you the truth, you would still be together. No, Honey, no, that doesn't make sense. Sooner or later I would've figured out she was lying.  But there was another time when you stayed. You found out Mom lied, but you stayed anyway. And we were a family. Why can't that happen again? Is this your way of you lied about Janet hitting you because you thought I'd break up with her and we'd be a family again?  No. I didn't say that. Honey, this is not your fight. Really. I can handle this. Thank you. Just tell me where they are and I'll go. Why should I help you after what you've done? What I've done You lied to me and Jack. About wanting us to be together, all the while you were plotting to keep us apart. And using your daughter to do it I'm not going listen to this. Okay, wherever Jack and Sage are, you'd better hope that he gets through to her. Because the truth will come out and when it does, where will you be? Where will you be when the judge refuses to let Jack see his daughter while you're in the picture? Okay, let's you would want to do on a daily basis? I can't think of anything. Seriously? Seriously. I would watch Emily get so pumped over work and be jealous. I would never have that. Yeah, I know, I felt the same way. But then one day I woke up and realized that nursing was something I'd always wanted but never let myself have. And are you glad you did it, even with all the drama? Totally. There's nothing like letting yourself go after something you want and what you deserve. I wouldn't know. Okay, I want you to try to visualize yourself doing something that really excites you. And then make your move. Whoa, what the hell was that? Mother, I I should have brought music. They say that helps with stress. Oh, Darling, I'd be less-stressed if you'd didn't try to decorate this room like the you know? Hello. Hi, thank God your here To stop us from being maudlin. Have have you seen Brian out there? No, I have not. What do you need? What can I get you? Darling, I just need you to relax. Oh, you didn't cut and run. Not a chance. You look lovely as ever. Just enjoy it while you may. Mother It's no worry. She likes to pretend her days are numbered, but I know better. Which is why I got you this. Oh, for me, okay. Oh, something I got to read, all right. Oh, tango lessons A little something to look forward to. That's nice, thank you. Thank you very much, I like that. We're ready for you, Ms. Walsh. Okay, okay. Hey, come little bit nervous and that's why I haven't shown it, but I'm so glad you're here. Me too, me too. I'm so sorry about everything. No, no, no, hush, hush baby. Take care of our girl. Always. Always. Okay, and yourself too. All right. I love you No, no, no, you remember what I told you. You're a force of nature. Nothing can stop you. Not even this. Right. Okay. She is the bravest woman I've ever known. Yeah, Brian, I, um, I really appreciate all you've done. But Holden and I can take it from here. Oh, I'm not leaving. Well, you must be exhausted. I mean, there's no reason for all of us to No, no, no, this is not a chore, your mother very much.  Excuse me? Could you tell me where I where I could find Ms. Walsh's room, please? Noah? I'm sure your mother told you about the hearing tomorrow.  Yeah, I have to tell the judge what Janet did. You know how important it is to tell the truth especially in court.  Yeah, I do. You know sometimes when we're upset about one thing, other things tend to look worse than they really are.  I know you don't believe me, Dad. I want to. I want to, Sage. But knowing Janet as well as I do I have a tough time picturing her trying to hurt you.  Even though she hit Liberty. Liberty's her daughter. Okay, and I'm not saying that that's that that's right at all. But, I just have a hard time believing that she believes it. Look, I know your upset about me marrying Janet, but I don't want you to lie because you think it's going to get your mother and me back together. It won't. In fact, if I find out it wasn't true then it's going to make things worse between your mom and me than they already are.  Okay. I get it. I hope so. Sage, it's not too late to to say what happened wasn't what you thought.  Why did you have to leave me with her? I'm sorry  It was supposed to be our day together and then she had to come and ruin it like she always does. Okay, stay right here. I'll be right back, okay? Hey. I'm sorry to bother you, but Carly came by the diner. She was breathing fire about you picking up Sage without telling her. I knew she she thinks you're trying to convince her to change her story. And I'm close, I'm so close. But if she shows up, she could screw up everything. Well, let's get out of here then. All right, well, I left my car parked at the school Okay, listen, you know what? I will take us back and then we can come back here later and pick up your car, okay? Sounds like a plan. Sage, we got to get you home. Come on, Janet's going to give us a lift  No. I'm not going with her. Oh, come on, Sage, please.  You can't make me. Honey, don't do this to me right now I think you heard her. She's not going with Janet. Ever. Sage, go wait in the car.  Thanks for the ice cream, didn't you call me to tell me you were picking Sage up from school, Jack? Probably because I know you didn't want me talking to her before the hearing. So you were trying to get her to change her story. Did it work? Is she going to take back what she said just to please her daddy? I think she's more interested in pleasing you, Carly. Maybe that's because I don't ask her to ignore it when someone hurts her. It's not like she hasn't lied before. What about Halloween? What about the missing ring? If you could believe that she was lying then, why why are you so dead sure that she's not lying now? Gee, Jack, I don't know. Maybe it was Janet's handprint on her face. I didn't hit her, Carly Janet, you can tell that to the judge. Next time you want to pick 'd want one of your fellow officers picking you up for kidnapping. Don't make silly threats. It's not a threat, Jack. It's a promise. Dammit I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come It's not you. She wouldn't really bring you up on kidnapping charges, would she? That's not a bluff I'm willing to call. All right, let's go back to the diner. We'll work on our strategy for tomorrow. I can't, Honey. I've got to stop this runaway train before it's too late. It was your fault. How do you figure that? You told me to visualize something I wanted. You were in front of me. I went in, you know I'm just kidding, come on. Well, I'm not. And I'm not something you just go after because you're bored you because I was bored. I I wanted to. Oh no, please do not tell me you're in love with me. I wouldn't go that far. But I'm attracted to you, and I thought maybe What? It might be kind of fun just to have sex? As long as it didn't mean anything, it would Oh, gee, thanks. Honestly, Casey. You're like the one relationship I have with a guy that is healthy. And I would like to keep it that way. So, if you can control yourself, that would be great. But if you can't, tell me now. I just found out about Grandmother, myself. How did you know?  Your dad came to Java earlier. I wanted to do something if this is too awkward, me being here No, no, are you kidding? I mean, I hate the reason, hoping that you wouldn't be away for too long.  Um, I'm sorry, I came to give these to Lucinda. I didn't know or expect to see you here. Oh, I'm glad to see you two made it.  How is she? Well, we'll know better after the surgery.  Could you make sure to give these to her and to let her know I'm thinking of her? Of course. Um, look, about before I'm I know I came down hard on you. I'm sure I deserved it. You know, I was just about to take a walk to kill some time. You want to come? I'm sorry, I can't. I'll be back. You seem tired. Why don't you go upstairs and rest. I'll let you know when supper's ready, okay? If you've come here to fight with me was wrong of me to take Sage without telling you. Just don't do it again, okay? I also want to ask a favor. Here it comes. Carly, I want you to think long and hard before this hearing tomorrow about whether you actually believe that Janet could do what Sage said she did. If there's the slightest bit of doubt in your mind, then please, don't go through with this. Don't drag our little girl into court and make her choose between parents. Because that would be the biggest injustice of all. No one is asking Sage to choose between her parents. You sure about that? Bonnie has already told me she will have a simple, stress-free, one- on-one with the judge, where she will tell him exactly what happened. Or what didn't happen. After which, I'm hoping the judge will grant you supervised visitation without Janet present. Oh would you know what these kids mean to me. What kind of man would I be if I asked my wife not to be a part of their lives? I don't understand this. Why are you trying to make me the bad guy here, because I want to protect my child? Janet is to blame here, not me I believe, with my whole heart, that Janet did nothing wrong. But you and I did we never really let go of each other, Carly, and somehow managed to make our little girl think that we'd eventually find our way back together. I knew you'd blame me. I'm not blaming you. I'm blaming us. We've given Sage false hope. And now, all she thinks is that if she gets Janet out of the way, then the two of us will have a life together. And we owe it to her to make it clear that that is not going happen. Please, Help me end this before it destroys our family for good. Oh, thank God you are back Some guy threw just threw a fit because I served him bacon by mistake. What happened? Hey, did you did you find Jack and Sage? Oh yeah. And then Carly found us. What did she say? Pretty much the same thing she said when she was here. Well then, what did Jack do? He defended me like he always does. I don't get it. Why do you look so bummed? Because I'm afraid I'm going to lose him, Libby if I haven't already.  The surgery went extremely well. There were no complications. She should sleep through the night. Thank God. Dr-Ari Now, you remember from the last time, the most important thing is that you rest up as well, so that you can be ready you, Dr. Ari. Thank you for everything. Thank you. You two should go home and be with your family. I'll be here if she wakes up. No, that isn't necessary No, actually, it is I spoke to Faith and Nat earlier. They were both, uh they were both pretty worried. Seeing both of us will help a lot. How about we come back here to relieve you in a few hours? It's fine. I love you. Leave it to Lucinda Walsh to defy the doctors and wake up early. I want to live my life. I'm not dead? You'd better not be. Those tango lessons cost me a small fortune. Mmm. Hi. Hi. Where's my daughter? I sent Lily and Holden home to be with the kids. (Lucinda-sighs) What? I I had a vision. It means feeling is mutual. I don't understand. What? Why you don't have a life to go home to. I do. And you're one of the very best parts of it. Don't waste time. I don't have too much time. I don't I don't want to waste time. I don't want to mmm. So, when you were talking about being friends, you didn't mean friends with bennies? What do you think? It was worth a shot. Okay, let's get out of here. We still haven't found you a job. Well, it doesn't look like we're going to find one today. And since getting naked is out of the question, why don't we blow this popsicle stand and go have some nice clean fun? But you said so yourself, I'm not dressed for skateboarding. Can you shoot pool are on. Yes, and if we leave now, it gives me another day without my folks finding out the bad news. You can't avoid it forever, Casey. I can try. I still haven't been able to track down Luke. (Lily-sighs) I was happy to hear that he showed up at the hospital. You know, he's been keeping to himself so much lately. Do you blame him? After being expelled, Noah he probably doesn't want to face anyone. Do you think that we should've pushed him harder, you know, about getting a job, looking at other colleges? You know, I think what he needs right now is time and space, so that he can figure out why he did something so self-destructive. It's not like this hasn't happened before. When my mother got cancer the first time, and Luke was drinking, and we didn't even know about it but I don't believe that he'll go there. I hope not. Lily, don't worry. He'll bounce back. I think what we need to do right now is just let Luke be let him put his life back together in his own way. I still haven't seen that I.D. You keep telling me about. My name is Ben Franklin. Okay, ready to get your butt kicked? That sounds kinky. In a friendly way. Is that Luke? For a guy who isn't supposed to be drinking, he looks pretty hammered. He's not even old enough to get served. Hey Luke, what's up? (Luke-laughs) It's my partner in crime. Casey Hughes. Oh pull up a chair, the drinks are on me. What's the occasion? You ought to know. You got kicked out of college, too. I'll bet you didn't Hey slow down slow down, man. Hey. I'm just having a little bit of fun. Do either of you got a problem with that? She woke up? But the doctor said that she'd be asleep for hours. Oh, you know how Lucinda loves to prove people wrong. (Lily-sighs) I wish I had been there. She was pretty out of it. Will you call me if she wakes up again? Definitely. Either way, I'll be touch in a few hours. I'd appreciate that. Thanks for calling. Your mother woke up already? Yeah. And Brian was right there to play the devoted caregiver. You know what? I think we should be grateful that your mother has a friend like him to help her get through this. Extraordinary. You're still here. For the duration. Mm-hmm. What does it take to get rid of you moment. Here, drink. Wait until you see what I've arranged for your first post-op meal. Oh, no food, no food. Music, but no food. When you're ready, I'm going to fly in the top chef from your favorite restaurant, who's going to whip you up your heart's desire. And then, as soon as you're out of here, I'm going to take you to the most amazing you know what, maybe I'll just stop talking and let you rest for a while. Okay. No food. No food. Just music. Music be the food of love. Love. Don't don't go. Oh you see, I knew you wanted me around. Ah, time's a-wasting. I don't know how much time I have left. I I may be too late. Too late? For us. Kiss me. Will you kiss me? not. Marry me. Excuse me? Marry me. Ask me again when the drugs wear off. Oh, why not? Why not? Lucinda, I'm flattered, really, but you don't really know me. I do. No, you don't. Marry me, hmm? Hmm? All right. Okay? I will. All right. I'll marry you. Okay. All right. Good. Come on. You don't need to be drinking anymore. Stop. Casey Dump that. Casey What the hell was that for, man? All right, that's it. You three. Out Come on, man. You can't get behind the wheel right now. Stop preaching at me. You're a bigger screw-up than I am. So are you, porn queen. Hey, watch it. can't take it? Look Luke, I know things seem really bad right now Yeah, they suck right now My life sucks And I don't need you two losers trying to fix it Don't, don't. It's not even worth it We can't let him just go like that He could really hurt himself.  Listen, if you're calling me again to ream me out for telling the dean, I'm not hearing it. Stop I didn't. It's Luke.  What about him? He's in trouble. He needs you. Sage is very tired Well, I understand that And I really don't want her any more stressed out about tomorrow than she already is. I think I can help with that. If I set her straight about the two of us, then she'll finally tell the truth. But you do 's why you didn't push for her to come down here. Because you think if she hears it from the both of us, then Janet just might be off the hook. That's ridiculous. Is it? You say this is about Sage, but you know, somehow I think you want Janet out of the picture as much as she does. And for the life of me, I can't figure out why, Carly. Why. I wanted you back after everything. But you, for weeks, you just kept pushing me towards Janet. You didn't want me. Until finally, I stopped wanting you. Think what you want. I know what I'm doing and why, and it has nothing to do with wanting you. Right. You're doing this to protect Sage. Tell me, how are you going to protect her from hearing about the mistakes in her mother's past? What are you talking about? , then I'm going to be forced to give as good as I get, Carly, and you will lose. If I can keep an abusive woman away from my daughter, then that will be victory enough for me. You have the power to stop this. One word from you, and Sage will do what's right, and we can all get on with our lives. But if a fight is what you want that's exactly what you're going to get. (Door-slams) On the next " As the World Turns " Damn it, Noah You can't walk out on me Why don't we throw ourselves a wedding? A shotgun wedding? Why don't we do it, right now, and right here? Please, please don't wreck my mom's life. You've been really great. I'm letting you off the hook. 
Where are you, Luke? I've been looking all over for you. Casey and Alison said that you've been drinking. I'm really worried. So just give me a call. Hey, Noah. So, are you really worried about me? Are you just guilty you dumped your boyfriend? Still no word from Luke? No. You know what? Maybe he's at the hospital. Maybe he turned off his cell. Or maybe he avoiding us. We came down pretty hard on him for getting kicked out of school. I still can't believe he cheated to try and win an election. You were right, he needs to learn from his mistakes. But with his grandmother in the hospital, shouldn't he be with his family? No, Luke needs to go through this on his own. You know, and so do you. You've had no time to prepare for what's happening with Lucinda. Are you okay? It still hasn't cancer would come back. And now, her having to face another mastectomy odd to think that we have Brian to thank for her going ahead with the surgery. Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Did you just give Brian credit? Not so long ago, you were questioning his motives. I'm trying to have an open mind. Good for you. Babysitter should be here soon. I thought we should give Brian a break. If my mother wakes up again, she could drive him crazy. Well, welcome back, sleepyhead. Hi. Hi. You're still here, after all these years? Where else would I be? I don't know. At a gala or something, living it up with some young people. No, no, you're much better company. Liar, liar, pants on fire. How are you feeling? Or is that a stupid question? That's all that matters. Where are the kids? I sent them home. I told them you needed some sleep. Oh, okay. Oh, did I seem to remember that. Did I ask you to marry me? Yes, yes, you did. But don't worry. I make it a practice never to hold a woman to any proposals made under the influence of painkillers. Were you serious when you said yes? Parker's not here. He went to the movies with J.J. Oh, I didn't come here to see Parker, actually. I came to ask you a really, really huge favor. All right. What can I do for you? Please, please, don't wreck my mom's life. Guess who? Hey, what a surprise. I thought you were working a double at the diner today. I am. I decided to take a break Join the club. Yeah. Big day tomorrow, huh? Yeah. Yeah, but I'm not worried. Carly doesn't stand a chance of getting sole custody. Even if Sage sticks to the story that I hit her? Listen, I love my daughter very much, but she's not that credible of a witness. I wouldn't be surprised if the judge threw the whole thing out of court. Well, no matter what happens tomorrow, even if you win, I lose. What do you mean? You've been really great standing by me and all, but I'm letting you off the hook. I don't want to mince words with you. But is it the cougar, tadpole factor that's holding you back? Come on, Lucinda, I'm not that young. And you're not that old. Oh, yes, I am. Cancer makes you feel very old. But I got to live my life to the fullest. I know I'm sick, but I'm so sick of being alone. And I think you are, too. Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am. Yeah, yeah. You should have jumped my bones earlier. Oh, for heaven's sake, Lucinda. Why can't you just shut up and take yes for an answer? Don't you talk to me like that. You love it. I do. Another thing, you have to stop underselling yourself. You are beautiful, you are gorgeous, you are elegant, you are stylish, you are one tsunami of a woman. You're overselling. No, I'm not. I've been in awe of you from the moment I met you. And I am completely convinced that we can have a wonderful life together, as long as we stay together. (Laughing-together) Mother, I didn't, how could I slumber through one of the highlights of my life? Brian and me, me and Brian, we're engaged. I don't know what to say. Muster some enthusiasm. You know, I think Lily needs a little time to digest. No, now Lily is going to tell us all the reasons she thinks this is a bad choice. That's not what I was going to say. But this is a shock. I mean, you just came through major surgery, Mother. This isn't the time to be making wedding plans. I'm sick of being Mrs. Walsh. I want to be Mrs. Wheatley. And I don't even have to change the monograms. Mother, be serious, you need to recover If we can be happy, why can't we go for it? I completely agree. Yeah, and well, why are we waiting? Hey, Lily. a wedding? A shotgun wedding. Why don't we do it? Right now and right here. Let's do it. You mean tonight? Yes. You're serious about this. Well, sure. All we have to do is get somebody on the phone, and we got a license This is insane Your anesthesia hasn't even worn off yet Don't worry, I'll definitely check with her doctor first. And if you get the all-clear, Lucinda, we'll do it. We'll get married tonight.  I really hope you haven't been driving. There's no way you'd pass a breathalyzer right now. Well, it's nice to know that you care.  If you're trying to make me feel guilty, you can forget about it. I didn't do this to you. You got drunk all by yourself. I'm not drunk. In fact, I can see I'm saying is, don't blame everything on me. Of course not. I won't. Because you're Noah and you're perfect. I'm the big mess-up.  Will you shut up? Stop feeling sorry for yourself and just drink your coffee. Yes, Sir. Colonel Mayer, Sir Can't you see you're acting just like your father? Colonel don't-ask, don't-tell.  Okay, stop it. What, Noah? You really shouldn't be ashamed of your dear old dad .' Cause you are just a chip off the old block.  Okay, give me your keys now No, no, no  Luke. All right. That's it. I'm taking you home. Liberty, I'm sorry, I just don't feel very comfortable talking about this with you. And I'm not trying to wreck your mother's life, as you say. I'm trying to protect my Whoa, protect your children? Do you really think that when my mom marries Jack she's going to start whaling on Sage? You didn't see what I saw. There was a red mark across my child's face. Now who else put it there? And what reason do I have to believe that it wasn't your mother, especially after she admitted that she hit you, too? Do I look like an abused child to you? My mom's not violent. And maybe she has lost it with me once or twice, but that's all. Once is one time too many as far as I'm concerned. Like you've never done anything to hurt your kids. I don't beat them. Neither does my mom So if she says she didn't hit Sage, then I know she didn't. It's true. I'm sorry, but it's going to take a lot more than your word to, please. Please. Growing up, my mom raised me all on her own. And she put on a really good game face for my sake, but sometimes the pressure got to her. And she couldn't ask her parents for help after they kicked her out of the house for getting pregnant. Well, I hope you're not saying it's all right that she hit you because she had a hard life. No, I don't. I'm not saying that. I don't think there's ever an excuse for hitting someone. All I'm saying here is that my mom is human and she's made mistakes. Just like you have, Carly. Listen, this isn't mine. It's yours. And I want you to have it. You wear it right here No, no, I'm sorry, Jack. Why don't you just hang onto it for a little while? Why? Where is this changed. I'm just trying to be realistic here. Like I said no matter what happens in court tomorrow, there are going to be bad feelings on either side. And I don't want you to lose your kids because of me. Because you're going to blame me. No, you won't want to at first. You'll try really hard not to. But sooner or later, you'll end up hating me. Janet, that is that could never happen. I don't want to be the reason you lose your daughter, because that you can not live with. I know it's tough right now. I do. But it's not always going to be this way. You're right, Jack. It could get worse. A lot worse. And you know it. Where is this coming from? You were always the optimist in this relationship. I know I'm trying to be But want to or not. You want reality? The reality is I love you. And I want you to wear this ring because we are going to be together for the rest of our lives. Jack, you can't always get what you want. See you at the wedding, my love. Brian, I am sorry to have to say this, but I think you are taking advantage of my mother at a very vulnerable time. This marriage was Lucinda's idea. She's the one who proposed. In a postsurgical haze. She knew what she was saying. Well, fine. You could've said, " What a lovely idea. Why don't we wait a week? " You heard Lucinda. She doesn't want to wait. Look, I know we're an unlikely pair, but I promise to be good to her. She's a very sick woman. She's going to get better . But if she doesn't, you're going to be taking on a very heavy burden. I love Lucinda, Lily. I told you that. And if two people care for one another, and they want to spend the rest of their lives together, how can that be wrong? Can we discuss this some other time? I don't want to keep my bride-to-be waiting. I have to call the judge. Please, she's been through so much. I promise you, I never want to hurt her. I'll do everything I can to make her life as good as it possibly can be from now on. Hey, pretty shocking, huh? I can't believe this is happening. I know. But it seems like Lucinda has already made up her mind. So I need to speak to my mother alone. Oh, Honey, I didn't want to ask Holden. Can you give me my mirror it Stop it I am not going to let you marry that man It's getting late. You should go. You're not even listening to me. The reason that my mom hit me was because she didn't want me to make the same mistake she did. The last thing she ever wanted was for me to be a teenage mother with a kid to raise. That scared her to death. I don't blame her. But when she's with Jack, she's never scared. And she's always happy. He's the kind of guy that she has always wanted. Liberty, this is not about Janet and Jack. This is about Janet becoming a stepmother to my children and putting them at risk. Oh, come on. My mom is not stupid. Carly, she'd rather put herself under a train than to hit one of Jack's kids. Because she knows that he would never forgive her forn't see that? You know what? It's perfectly natural that you want to stand up for your mother. Because she didn't do anything wrong I disagree. And I'm going to stand up for my kids.  Hey, Mom. Hi.  What's going on? Liberty just came by for a talk. She's on her way out. Yeah, Carly. Thank you for nothing.  What did you say to her? Never mind. Parker. Hey, Parker. Hi, is something wrong?  I keep thinking about tomorrow. Are you nervous about what the judge might ask you?  Mom, I'm scared. We have a really big problem here, Jack. I know. Your daughter hates me. And it doesn't make me feel all warm and fuzzy about becoming her stepmother. It's only temporary, Janet. Sage lied because she's hurting and, I hope you're right. I am. But let's just postpone the wedding until Sage comes around. I am not going to let Sage decide whether we stay engaged or not. She's not, Jack. I am deciding. I'm sorry, I can't do this. I thought you wanted to be with me, Janet. I do. I do. I want to be with you. When we tie the knot, I want everybody to be happy. I want your daughter to be happy, I want your sons to be happy, I want my daughter to be happy. All of us. I want that, too. Please. Please. Well, okay. I guess if I waited this long to find Mr. Right, I can wait a little while longer, right?  Jack, did you get the priors on that drug bust? Yeah, working on it. Give, I'll tell the lieutenant. Thanks. (Jack-sighs)  Anybody home? Luke. You okay? I'm fine.  Yeah, well, you won't be in the morning, not unless you drink some water and take some aspirin. Nope.  Look, I've got to go. Do you want me to call somebody? Your dad? No. Nope.  All right, well, I'm going. Wait, Noah, Noah. Wait. Will you stay here with me? And how well do you know this Brian? Did it ever occur to you that his motives might not be everything they should be? My money? He doesn't want that. And I don't intimidate him. Well, good. Great. Why can't you wait a week? Why? Why wait? I married James Stenbeck, I married Don Dixon, I married what's-his-name? I married Mr. Walsh so many details. Why are you rushing? Lily, I saw him. I saw him. I saw the grim reaper. He was standing at the end of my bed. Don't be so dramatic, Mother. No, I saw him I know this would be nice if this was a dream. Because then I could wake up, and I could be myself. And I could feel that I was immortal and I could do anything, but it isn't a dream. And I'm walking in the shadow of the valley of death. You're really terrified, aren't you? Honey, sorry. Sorry, of course I am. I'm all alone. I want to live my life. Okay? I don't want to die alone. All right? Oh, Lily You are not alone, Mother. I promise, I will never turn away from you again. I do love you so much. an idea. Why don't you move in with me and Holden and the kids? They would love that so much. Oh, no, Honey. I don't want to be an adjunct. I want to be a principal. You and Holden I want you to be free in your lives. Don't you know I'll never be happy unless you are? Let's talk seriously. I did have an epiphany. I don't know what it was, probably the anesthesia and all that stuff, but, Honey, I don't want us to end up like this, with me in the bed and you crying. I'd much rather bring down the curtain dancing the tango with my partner. It'd be a waste to let those lessons go. Oh, Honey, I don't want to waste anything. Anything. I love you, but I just want to have my life and live it to the fullest, you see I know what to get you for your wedding present. Dancing shoes. Oh, Honey. Oh, Honey. I love you.  Just tell me why you were with my mom. Well, I tried to get her to back off. I really don't think that that worked.  What did you say? Well, I told her that my mom has a right to be happy and marry Jack. But she's making that really impossible, and so is Sage.  Yeah, I know. All right, I'm sure Sage is lying. And your mom did not hit her. It's just so unfair, you know? My mom has waited her whole life to find a guy like Jack. She made that scrapbook of her favorite wedding dresses. And now, she has this chance to wear one of the dresses, and she's giving up because of one really stupid lie.  Look, I'm going to figure don't worry, okay? I'll take that for you. I thought you had to work. You're not the only one who gets to take a break. I get one every once in a while. Jack, I have customers. Listen to me for a second. I'm not letting you call off this engagement. If we back out now, it'll be like rewarding Sage for lying. Now listen, I love my little girl, I do, I love her to death, but I'm not going to be blackmailed by her. We're the adults here, Janet. We got ta be the ones in control of the situation. That's all well and good, Jack. But how are you going to make Sage tell the truth? How are you going to deal with the circus in court tomorrow? When you figure that out, and you get the green light for us to become one big happy family, have to be scared about the hearing tomorrow. All you have to do is tell the truth. That's pretty simple, right? Janet hit you.  Watch out. You're going to burn the cocoa, Mom. Oh, no, no. Are you nervous about what questions the judge might ask you?  Is it going to be like on TV, when they make me swear? And I have to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me God? You know what? I don't know if they make kids swear on the bible. Maybe. Would that be a problem?  No. I think I'm going to go upstairs. Hey No, wait, your cocoa.  That's okay. I don't feel like it. Hello, this is Carly Tenney, I'm calling for Lily. Is she in? Oh, at Memorial? Okay, thank you. No, no message 'm glad you're here. Could you do me a favor and watch Sage for a few minutes? I have to go out.  Yeah, sure. Thanks. Please stay with me. I just want things to be like the way they were.  How, Luke? I couldn't keep you from cheating the election. I couldn't keep you from getting drunk and risking your life tonight. How can it be the same? All I can do is keep you from hurting anybody else. No driving for you. Go to bed. Get some sleep. Damn it, Noah You can't walk out on me Hello, Michael. How are you? I'm fine. How are you, Lucinda? I'm okay. I'll be better when you've tied the knot. It'll be my pleasure. Lucinda, before we start, I have a little gift I want to give my bride-to-be Oh, prenup give me my specs. Prenuptial agreement. I know all about them, Darling. I really do. I'm not marrying you for your money. I want that in writing. Okay, all right. Is it legal? It better be legal. It cost me $19.99 online. And Holden signed as my witness. It's not only legal, it's binding. Okay, so as far as the law is concerned, all I'm getting out of this wedding is a perfect wife? I'm afraid so. Well, lucky for me, that's all I want. You see? He's getting the perfect wife. I'm getting the perfect husband. Well, what are we waiting for? Let's have a wedding Splendid. Okay, Michael, make it snappy. Very well. Well, let's cut to the juicy part. Lucinda Walsh and Brian Wheatley have decided your vows, I believe the bridegroom would like to say a few words. Yes. Brian clears throat When I came to Oakdale, at Lucinda's request, it was simply a career move. Little did I know what was in store in for me? Meeting this incredible woman has changed my life. And she has made me into a better man. And for that, and so much more, I will always be grateful, Lucinda. Thank you. Oh, I'm supposed to say something? I'm not going to say anything. I don't know what okay, all right, Lily, let us thank whoever it is that brought Brian here to make my days happier. That's enough. That's it. Okay? Okay. Oh, listen, you know what? I didn't have time to buy us rings. Improvise. Improvise, come on. That's exactly what I was thinking. I promise to get you for now, my Princeton class ring will have to do. Princeton? Princeton, oh, I love it. Lucinda Walsh, do you promise to take Brian Wheatley as your lawfully wedded husband? Do you promise to love, honor, and cherish him, through sickness and health, through richer and for poorer, forsaking all others, and be faithful to him for as long as you live? I do. Brian Wheatley, do you take Lucinda Walsh for your lawfully wedded wife? Do you promise to love, honor, and cherish her, through sickness and health, for richer and for poorer, forsaking all others, for as long as you live? I definitely do. Then by the power vested in my by the state of Illinois, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Congratulations. I felt like I was always cleaning, every day. Carly? What are you doing here? Hi. I'm sorry if I'm came back. She just had another mastectomy. Oh, God. I'm so sorry. I really I can not imagine how scary that is. Yeah. I hope she's going to be all right. Yeah, we're all saying our prayers. To top it off, she just got married to Brian Wheatley. The man that runs Luke's foundation. Seriously? Oh, yeah, more than serious. You know my mother expect the unexpected Yeah, I guess that's true. Okay, well, give her my best please. Your whole family. And we can talk later. No. What did you want to talk to me about? Nothing. You know what, it's not a big deal. We'll talk about it another time. Carly, you came all the way here. What is it? You don't need my problems right now. Actually, listening to . Do you need a drink? I could use one. Yeah. Nurse, nurse. Mrs. Walsh Mrs. Wheatley is sleeping. And I'm going to head back home to pick her up some things for tomorrow. This is my cell number. If she wakes up, would you call me right away? Yes, Mr. Wheatley, and congratulations. Thank you. You didn't have to pick me up. Well, I couldn't leave you on the street. You look like you're ready to pass out. Seatbelt secure? Where are we going? I I've got to go to Java and find Noah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're in no condition to go out in public. You're coming with me. You're worried about tomorrow. Don't be. We'll go to the hearing together and I'll be won't be with me the entire time. Yes, I will. When the judge questions me, I'll be alone. All you have to do is tell the truth. That you didn't hit Sage, and you never would, Janet. Well that's all well and what if the judge doesn't believe me? What if Sage sticks to her story? Sage has a history of lying to split us up. All I have to do is let the judge know that. Oh, man. The more you talk, the more I think this might actually work out. It will. It will. All we need to do is stick together. We got to stick together. I love you. We deserve a shot. And the pie smells fantastic. I wish I could cook up a way to make Sage come around. No, we just can't let Sage think that it's okay to lie to is telling the truth, I can't let her be around that woman ever again, you know? So do you think I'm doing the right thing by getting into this custody fight about it? Frankly, no. Well, that was fast. Are you sure you're not taking advantage of Sage's problems with Janet? How? If you complicate Jack's relationship with his fiance, they might break up. That's exactly what Janet accused me of doing. And Jack, too. Any truth in it? Why did I think talking to you would help? You asked. And it would be easy for Sage to lie to you, especially if you're lying to yourself. I want to believe my daughter. Want to believe her, or really believe her? There's a big difference there, Carly. All right, steady now. Come on, steady. Whoa Let go of 're a mess. Look at your shirt. I got sick. Yeah, well, take it off and toss it, then clean yourself up and brush your teeth while you're at it. You know, you're not you're not my mother. Yeah, I know I'm not your mother. But I'm going to sober you up before anybody in your family sees you like this. Come on. Come on, get up there. Come on. Thanks for the ride. Oh, no problem. Thanks for letting me bend your ear. I don't think you really liked my advice. How could you tell? If you really want to find out if Sage is telling the truth, you will. Face it, Carly, if you're not okay with Jack and Janet getting married, Sage never will be, either. You have to set an example. You make it sound so easy Yeah, tell me about it. Well, thanks for being honest with me. I'm sorry. Am I interrupting? No, no. You know what, I was just leaving. So good night. See ya. How did that go with Carly? It went okay. It's still a little weird. Mm-hmm. How are the kids? They're asleep. So I guess we can tell them about Lucinda in the morning. Yeah. How are you handling all this? You know, before she married Brian, I could see how scared my mother was. But after she married him, she was so happy, Holden. I hope she stays like that for a long, long time. Well, you look better. Sort of. But I don't feel any better. I know, but you will, once we get the poison out of your system. Here, it Come one, come on, drink it. We need to get as much water in you as we possibly can. We got to get you hydrated. Make sure that your kidneys are still functioning. Thank you. For what? For not yelling at me. Even though I probably deserved it. I have screwed up everything that I love. School, my parents' respect, Noah. It's okay. No. No, it's not. Hey, hey, hey. You're a good person, Luke. Everything's going to be fine. How do you know? I know. What the hell was that? Parker, I can't let you in. It's too late. My dad is going to freak.  Yeah, that's fine. I just came to tell you that I talked to Sage, and I'm not sure if I got through to her, but I  Listen, I really I don't want you or your mom to get hurt tomorrow. Thanks. You're really good to have around, you know that, tough guy?  I'll see you later. We all set for bed? We have a big day tomorrow.  I guess. Would you like me to brush your hair the way I did when you were little?  Okay. You know something, when you grow up, you're going to be a real knockout.  You really think so? Yes. Oh, yes. You're very lucky. But you know something, being beautiful on the outside is a lot easier than being beautiful on the inside.  What do you mean? Well, inner beauty takes work. You've got to be honest. And you got to be fair to people, even people you don't particularly like.  You mean, like Janet? Janet is even though your dad and I aren't together anymore, we're still going to take care of you. We're still going to help you through all the rough times. We're still going to love you so much, no matter what.  Don't worry about me. I'll be okay. I just want you and Daddy to be happy. Wow. Lousy night. Tomorrow will be better. Yeah, right. Darling, you've got to have faith. I do have faith. In you. But that hearing tomorrow could be a deal-breaker. No, no. It's not going to be that bad. You want to bet? Look, until this situation with Sage gets worked out, I can't wear that ring. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. And I'll tell you why. Because wearing the ring means we're going to make it. I wish Honey tomorrow, and so do you. I need to know that we're together on this. That we're a team. It's the only way we're going to get through this, Janet. Is it? As long as you wear the ring, it means that we believe in each other. Let me have your hand. This is a promise that after the nightmare is over, we're going to be together for the rest of our lives. I love you. I love you so much. I love you, too. Oh, I love you. On the next " As the World Turns ". What do you need me to do? Help me stop Carly. You are not my daughter's family, and you never will be.  Mom, wait. To my beautiful bride. 
Any idea how much he had to drink? No. There were two bottles of vodka, one empty, one about a half. Both of them 80-proof. But I don't know how much of it he drank. Has your son abused alcohol before? He's not my son. I'm a family friend. But to answer your question, I don't think he has any kind of a problem. We need to speak with his parents. I've been trying to reach his mother. I'll try and call her again. (Cell-phone-ringing) (Mid-tempo-music-plays) Hey, Justin, would you refill my glass just one more time? I got to use the ladies'. Keep my seat warm. (Cell-phone-ringing) Damn it, Carly, where the hell are you? You need to call me right away. It's an emergency. (Cell-phone-rings) What do you want? I found Parker. Tell him to go home. He can't. He's at the hospital. I.T. guys are coming over with some new software to try to rebuild the hard drives. They think that they may be able to recover some of the lost files. And if Noah can remember that user I.D ., we might be able to find out where those funds were transferred to. Luke? I'm I'm sorry. Honey, he'll be back in a couple of days. I just can't believe Noah got so mad at me about Damian. Well, maybe he's not mad. Maybe he just wanted to go to the film festival. He blew off school, work, this really big paper he has next week. You. Yeah, and I know that after fights, he likes to take some space, you know, gather his thoughts, but, I mean, Lisbon? Well, the trip was right there. Yeah, but he only sent me one message. He doesn't answer seem like he'd be that angry about Damian. Maybe it's not just about that. Yeah, but we were totally solid when you and Damian walked in. And the next thing I know, he's walking away, all the way to Portugal. Maybe he's embarrassed he was so impulsive. Noah doesn't do embarrassed. Honey, you're gon na work it out just as soon as he gets back. Yeah, well, maybe I should be impulsive. I should go over there and make him talk to me. I don't think that's gon na be necessary.  Whatever you and your sister are trying to pull, it not gon na work. Luke's going find me. He's gon na find out that I'm not in Lisbon.  You want me to tape your mouth shut again? Then shut it.  Who is it?  Z. the two dads are still out of .  Shouldn't we make sure the missing boy toy isn't setting off any alarms?  Yeah. Lover boy needs an update from his sweetie pie.  I'm not calling Luke for you again.  Oh, see what I've been dealing with? He's been giving me major attitude all day.  Would it kill you to be a little more cooperative?  You can do what you want to me. I'm not lying to Luke.  Thank God for modern technology, then ,' cause we can do it without you. Damian is in Lisbon? He went there to get Noah and bring him home. That's none of his business Honey, he knew the two of you were fighting about him, and he wanted to make things right. The only way he can make things right is by staying out of my life. He did this for you, Luke. Mom, I don't kind of upset that you didn't tell me that he was going. Well, I decided we both should give him a chance. Why? Because he deserves it. Why do you even care how I feel about him? Because it makes you so unhappy. Yeah, well, when I have to see his face, yes. But when I don't, I don't even think about the guy. You can't lie to me. Mom, I'm not lying to you. So you're gon na tell me you weren't trying to send him a message by using his family's money to start your foundation? I was trying to help people. That's all. But you resent the way he reacted when you told him you were gay. Yeah, you could say that. Yeah. My reaction was pretty despicable, too, but you've forgiven me, Luke. Well, in in your life. With Damian, it's the status quo. He's dishonest. He's violent. He's self-serving. Do you want me to go on, Mom? I think he's being honest this time. Somebody tries to ruin the foundation and rob us blind the exact same time that Damian comes back to town. I don't think he's behind it. I really don't. You're falling for his act. He gets to you, Mom. That's why you can't keep away from him. That's not true. Can't keep away from who? Take a wild guess. What is going on? You explain it. I'm sick of the whole subject. This has got to be about Damian. Where is he? They took him for tests. What the hell happened, Craig? I'm not sure. I found him in the woods looked like he might have fallen and hit his head on a rock or something. Is he okay? What kind of tests are they doing? A cat scan. They just want to make sure that there's no fracture. My God They said it's just a precaution. What the hell was he doing in the woods? Drinking. There was an empty bottle of vodka near him. He had a whole bottle? He said couldn't remember how much he drank. Where is Carly? Is she at the cat scan with him? She's not here. I've tried to reach her. I left her a message at home and on her cell, but she hasn't called me back. That's why I called you. Well, I'm glad you did. You have any idea where could she be? I was just about to ask you the same question. Sorry. here sat down while I was in back. Janet? There are plenty of other stools, Mrs. Snyder. It's Tenney, okay? And I kind of had my heart set on this one here. Excuse me. This is my stool. See, it's my stuff. I didn't know that they were assigned. They're not, really. You can have any which one you want. Except that one. Why does it matter so much to you? My son is an emotional wreck, my ex-husband thinks I'm a drunk, and I'm sleeping with a degenerate liar. That's why it matters. Not to me. You don't want to do that. Okay. Look, Janet, we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the hard way. It's up to you. Okay, you can either get off the stool or you can fight for it. Come off? What'd you call me? A lush. Boy, you really want me to mess up that pretty face, don't you? Please, Ms. Tenney, I'll call you a cab. No, no. Justin, I'm not even ready to leave. I think you are. Are you kicking me out? You can't do that Yeah, I can. Did you get the result of the cat scan? Yeah, there is no sign of head trauma aside from the contusion. That's good news. I am concerned about alcohol poisoning. I'd like to perform a gastric lavage. Pump his stomach? Is that necessary? Only because he doesn't remember how much he drank. Okay. Do it. Thanks, Doctor. Anything I can do? Yeah, you can find his mother. I'll keep trying. I'm I'm glad he's okay. Thanks again for calling me. Parker? Parker, are you here? (Telephone-rings) Parker? Where the hell have you been? Did you find him? Don't you check your messages? Wait, what? What messages? Are you drunk? Don't start with me. I thought you quit. When I offered you a drink earlier you almost bit my head off. I'm not in the mood for this, Craig. I don't want you to move. Why not? Just stay there. No problem.  It's not gon na work. Luke will know it's not me.  Don't worry. I'll make sure he buys it.  You want me to go?  No, you stay with your BFF over there. Later, Z.  At last.  You want to loosen these ropes a little .  Oh, you're breaking my heart.  I'm not gon na try and run. I just want to get some feeling back in my hands.  I know a few things that your hands could be feeling. But you keep saying no. You ready to reconsider? The ring's not Damian's. It doesn't fit. How does that prove that he didn't steal the disks from the foundation office? He thinks it's another Grimaldi faction. Oh, really. How many how many Grimaldi factions are there supposed to be? He thinks they're members of family who don't like the fact that Luke got all that money. Does he have any proof that these factions even exist? Well, not yet. But you believe him. I do. I take it Luke doesn't. He's not convinced. No. He sounded a lot more than not convinced. Have you? Come on. Where's Damian now? He went to Lisbon to find Noah. What's Noah doing in Lisbon? The University is sponsoring a trip for the film students. Noah decided to go at the last minute. And Luke thinks it's because they got in a fight over Damian. And now Noah won't return Luke's calls or text messages. Oh, father of the year strikes again. Holden, he's trying. He knows the boys were fighting over him, and he went there to talk to Noah himself. I bet Luke loved that, huh? Well, you saw his reaction. Okay, why didn't you call me on the phone and tell me any of this? Because I knew how you'd react. And I figured if we're gon na fight, we should do it face-to-face. Okay, what I don't get is why you're falling for done. I didn't believe him at first either. You know that. But it didn't make sense that he'd do all those things to hurt Luke when he came back here to win him back. You're the only one who believes that's why he's here. Why do you think he's here? To get Luke's money. That's why he has you chasing down phantom Grimaldis, so he can somehow steal it back. I don't think so. He's playing you, Lily. You just don't see it. Come on. I know when someone's playing me, and this isn't it I wish I could believe that. Well, you'll have to wait until we get proof. We? You're actually helping him? I have to find out if he's telling the truth. He never does I think he is this time. , he will be gone with Luke's money.  You hear from Noah? Oh, yeah, I just got a text from him.  What'd he say? He said that he's sorry for taking off without telling me.  He should be. And that he'll try to make it up to me when he gets back.  Sounds like you guys are gon na be okay. Yeah, I guess so.  Something wrong? It just he sounded kind of weird.  In a good way? Well, maybe not weird. He just he didn't sound like himself.  So what about him sounded different? Well, he ended the text " I love you. "  Oh, tragic. No, well, I mean, it's just that's not like Noah. He's more indirect.  He's far away. And I bet he didn't realize how he's like, without you there, life kind of sucks. Yeah, maybe.  Definitely.  Do you even know how much trouble you're in?  You're the one that's tied to a pole.  Yeah, but you're the kidnapper. You're the one committing a federal offense.  I didn't know you were a lawyer.  I'm not. But I know the chief of detectives. She's fair. I'll talk to her for you.  I'm touched.  I'll tell her that it wasn't your fault, that you knew it was wrong, and that you proved it by letting me go and turning yourself in.  You would do that, even after everything I've done to you?  I just want to get out of here, make sure no one else gets hurt. I'm not lying to you, Zac. Why would I? You hold all the cards.  .  You can trust me.  How do I know that?  I don't lie.  I think I need to be convinced.  How can I do that?  Make love to me. (Knock-on-the-door) Carly. Car great. Carly. Carly, wake up Carly Wake up You have to wake up What? Come on, you got to get yourself together. Come on. Did you find Parker? Yes, I did. Well, where is he? Is he upstairs? No, he's at the hospital. What? Don't worry. He's okay. What happened? He went into the woods, fell down, and hit his head. The woods? My God How did you find him? I asked myself what I would have done at 16 and when I got my heart broken, and the answer was I would have gone somewhere would have gotten drunk. He was drunk? They're pumping his stomach. Oh, no Oh, God I got to go and see him. Yeah, first things first. Come on. No I have to go to the hospital, Craig Come on, just come with me. Oh, Craig, come on Just park yourself right there for a moment. What are you doing? I have to go. No. Here, drink this. I don't have time for coffee right now. Jack's there Do you want him to see you falling all over yourself? It's cold. Well, it still does the trick. Drink up. How did Jack find out? I called him. Before you told me? I couldn't reach you, so I tried Jack. I thought one of Parker's parents should be there. Don't worry about it. Go on. Go get cleaned up. Hurry. Hey. Thanks. Again.  I know that you and Luke are like an old married couple. But that's cool. You know, whatever gets you stoked. But your wife's not here, dude. He won't know. I'm like your " Get out of jail free " card. Okay, not exactly free, but you know.  Yeah, I know, and I'm still not interested.  And I thought we had real chemistry.  You were wrong.  You're gon na be like that? After all we've meant to each other?  You don't trust me. How do I know I can trust you?  You don't. But the whole thing you said about prison it's actually not a very good idea.  What about Zoe? You think she'll agree to stop?  I doubt it . Why should I be the one to take the fall? So, Monster, we have a deal?  Okay.  I mean, you know, it's it's not gon na be like a death sentence. You'll probably have a lot more fun than you've had in a very long time. I undid you. You undo me. You think I'm stupid?  What are you doing?  I'm two steps ahead of you.  What are you talking about?  You seem to be interested in these weights. Why don't I show you what happens when they get slammed against your skull? I was pretty tough on my mom. Should probably go apologize.  What a thoughtful boy. We're having a rough time right now. She trusts Damian. I don't.  That's what the fight was about? Well, that and the fact that Damian went to Lisbon without telling me. and find Noah and bring him back.  When? Yesterday. I told my mom I didn't want him butting in my business anymore. And you know what? That's weird. He should be there by now. Noah didn't mention him or anything.  Mysterious. I got to go. Later. I don't understand why you think you can trust him. I don't trust him. I haven't forgotten a thing that he's done. But this time, I don't believe he's behind what's happening. So it's this rogue branch of Grimaldis. They're the ones who are responsible. They could be. It would be nice if Damian showed us a little proof. He wants to see what they did to the foundation's computers. And you're going to let him? Why don't you just give him the money? Holden, I really don't think that's what You're back. Did you find Noah?  He wasn't there. What do you mean?  He wasn't in Lisbon. I went to the film festival. I found the other students. They never saw him. Luke said that they were traveling as a group.  Yes, I know. So I checked with a friend in the government. He said there's no record of a Noah Mayer entering the country. Well, if he wasn't there  He could be in serious trouble.  I guess you better have your gay-dar checked, huh?  What are you talking about?  What do you think?  Who is it?  Z. we have a problem Damian went to Lisbon to find him.  He's not gon na find him.  No kidding. We have to deliver this now. We can't wait for him to get back.  Then go.  Dad I got hit by a truck. Yeah, you banged your head. And the doctor had to pump your stomach.  Why? ' Cause you had like a gallon of vodka in you.  Right. I messed up really badly, didn't I? You're gon na be all right. Believe me, it could've been a lot worse.  I'm sorry. So tell me, where'd you get the bottle of vodka?  It was Mom's. Hey. Parker, are you all right?  Been better. He just woke up. Turns out he was drinking your designer vodka. Where did you get it?  At the docks. From a crate. What were you doing down there?  Just walking around. Why did you start drinking?  I just wanted to stop thinking about everything. Why didn't come to us and talk to us? Why don't we go him, okay? You can come back. I'm sure you want to blame us for this. Well, it was your booze, wasn't it? He stole it, Jack, from a shipment that could've been anyone's. Parker didn't get drunk' cause we sell vodka. You can't blame our business for this. I'm not blaming your business, Carly. I'm blaming you. I think there's plenty of blame to go around here, Jack. I appreciate you finding Parker and bringing him here and making the phone call to me, but you really need to back off. None of this is Craig's fault, Jack. He got you in the business of selling vodka, didn't he? And you think that's why Parker got drunk? It certainly didn't help. Oh, that's ridiculous Parker's a teenager Teenagers experiment And it has nothing . Most parents don't reek of the business they're in. Okay, you don't have to listen to that. Could you just give us a minute, please? Happy to. Isn't it obvious that Craig is trying to help? Yeah, he helped, all right. He helped you to the bottom of a bottle, didn't he? I'm gon na stop drinking. I am. I meant to. I I slipped. I'll get up. I hope so. You actually sound like you mean that. Of course I mean it. You're the mother of my children, Carly. We both need to help them. We need to take care of them and protect them, and so far with Parker, we've both failed. But the booze the booze has got to stop. I know. I know that. It's not just the drinking. It's minute. You can't tell me what to do for a living Somebody has to I'm not gon na argue with you. I'm gon na see Parker. No, don't. Parker's depressed, and he's angry. Last thing he needs is you breathing booze and breath mints all over him. Okay. I'll come back later, then. That's a good idea. Tell him I love him. I will. Noah told Luke he was out of the country. Why would he lie?  Maybe he had no choice. You're back already?  I couldn't find Noah in Portugal. Maybe that's because you never went.  I was there, Luke. I just got a text from Noah a couple minutes ago. He didn't mention seeing you at all.  He wasn't there, Luciano. He never entered the Portugal. And I spoke to Luke, are you sure the text was from Noah? Well, it came from his phone. But to be honest, he he sounded a little off. He didn't sound like himself. Maybe the text can be traced. I'll call Margo. Hold on a minute. How do we know that this isn't just another one of his lies?  Why would I lie? I don't know. But Noah said he was okay. Why should we believe you? Noah isn't in Portugal Yeah, according to him. You're being ridiculous. I'm not relying on the word of a world-class liar.  You know what? Fine, don't believe me. Sit here, don't look for Noah. But you can't stop me from trying to find him. What if something did happen to Noah? Luke, don't get sucked into this. It's Damian trying to make, try Noah again. What? You better be right. (Cell-phone-rings)  Chuckles It's lover boy.  What I said before still counts. You turn yourself into the police, and I'll tell them that it was all Zoe's idea, that you were trying to talk her out of it the entire time.  That's a nice story. But I'm not turning against Zoe for you or anybody else.  Then you better say good-bye ,' cause you and your sister are gon na spend the rest of your lives in different prisons.  Are you trying to tick me off?  Yeah?  It's Z. The note's been delivered. This is it, Z. Dreams-come-true time.  Just you and me forever, Z. Don't let Damian get to you. That's what he wants. What if he's right? You know what? If Noah doesn't come back with the rest and we'll find him, but I guarantee you that we won't have to do that. He will come back with everyone else from school. Someone left this. What is it? It's for Luke. Oh, my God. " Turn over the foundation money to me. Cash. Instructions to follow. Do what I say if you want to see Noah again. "  To you, Z.  No, to you, Z. You're the brains of this operation.  The key was you playing the boy toy so perfectly.  I just pretended he was you.  To us, then.  To us.  Please, don't hurt Luke.  Isn't that sweet, Z.?  Loyal even to the end.  Guess there's no reason not to tell him.  Why bother?  For the giggles. You know how, in a relationship, you can never be sure your tongue, Z.  I don't mean us, Z. I mean normal people.  What are you talking about?  You think lover boy really loves you, don't you?  I know he does.  Well, you're about to find out just how much. I can't believe Noah's been kidnapped What if they've hurt him? Where can he be? We need to figure out what we're gon na do here. What we're gon na do? We're gon na give them money No, there might be another way. Dad, I'm not taking chances with Noah's life. They're not gon na hurt Noah as long as they need him, and they need him until we pay. So that gives us time to find him. Find him? We don't even know who the kidnappers are, where they have him. You think it's minute after Damian left? He was in Lisbon So, he said. He wouldn't go if he knew where Noah was. Holden, you've got to let this go. No, Lily, you need to open your eyes here He's been telling you these stories about rogue factions He wanted to do was get Noah and make his demands. You really think he went to all this trouble for money? He's done worse. Look, I don't care what he's done I just want to get Noah back Where you going? Stay here. I'm going to the police. I'm gon na go with you. No. You stay here. You need to be here in case the phone rings. Don't worry. We'll find him. Brought you something that might help.  I think my stomach's a little weird right now. Yeah, We decided that we're gon na take turns being with you. I'm the lucky one with the first shift.  I guess Liberty doesn't care enough to bother coming down here. I'm sure she'll be here as soon as she finds out, Parker.  She doesn't know? I left a message with Janet. Obviously she hasn't gotten it yet.  Dad, please, if she doesn't know already, don't tell her. I don't want Liberty to find out that I did this. Okay.  I feel so stupid for drinking all that vodka. Why do people say that it makes you feel better? Usually it makes matters worse.  I should've realized that. Well, now you do.  I just love her so much. And knowing that I lost her I don't know what to do. Hey, sometimes sometimes all you can do is let it hurt. I want to do exactly what Parker did. I want to go off someplace with a bottle of vodka and blot out the entire world. Yeah, but you won't do that. Because you're here. Because you know better. I wish. I wish I weren't such a horrible mother. No, Carly, you're not. I am. Jack's right. Janet was right. My children would be better off without me. Well, Jack likes to make everything your fault. Even though he was the one that pushed Parker into believing he had to get married to take control of his life. And it was the girl that he married that broke his heart, not you. So get over it. It's my fault that I was off getting drunk when my son was all alone and in pain. You slipped off the wagon. It happens. That doesn't make you a lousy mother. It makes lousy mother, Craig? I walked out on my kids. And Parker especially never got over it. And that's why this breakup is more painful than it ought to be, because it brings up what I did to him. Teenagers get their hearts broken. More than once. Don't make this about you. It's my fault he can't handle it. Have ever I told you what a turnoff self-pity is for me? Why do I care whether you're turned off or not? Oh, this has to stop. You fell off the wagon once. That doesn't mean you can't do it. No, I'm not talking about the drinking. I'm talking about you. What about me? Jack was right. Our relationship is toxic. For me and my family. And I'm not blaming you. It's my fault for being so dependent on you. But it has to stop. n't worry about it.  I'm sorry I keep letting you guys down. Hey, you know what? I let you down, too. I promise to try harder if you do.  Okay. You're letting Jack get into your head again. This has nothing to do with Jack. Are you kidding? Splitting us up is what he's been trying to do all along. You need to go. Not until I say something. I wish you wouldn't. Too bad. You know, this idea that our business and Parker and your drinking are all the same problem is bull. It might be convenient for Jack to use to hit you over the head with, but that doesn't make it true. You're the one lumping everything into one big problem called " Jack. " No, I'm trying to keep you from doing what he wants you to do. I'm doing what that means getting rid of me? What did I ever do to Parker except try to be a friend that he could count on? I'd love to hear how that makes me a liability. I know you're trying to help. And I said that to Jack. But Parker is so lost right now. Ever since he was a little kid, people have been disappearing on him. First Hal died and then Jennifer, and then I left him. I can't count the number of times that Jack and I got together and then split up again. That's the reason that he's hanging on to Liberty like this. Because he wants somebody to stick around. He wants some stability. But she's just a kid herself. She can't possibly give him what he needs. What about what you need? I need to help my children. I need to turn things around for them before it's too late. You don't have to with you. We've got something good together, Carly. You know that. It doesn't matter. Well, it does if you kick it aside. Parker will get over Liberty. He's gon na grow up, and he's gon na leave just like all of our kids are. Jack has Janet. What will you have? I don't want to fight with you about it, okay? I just want to rest so I can go back to the hospital and see my son. Okay. I'll go. But I'm not gon na give up.  I knew this was all about money  Damn, you're smart.  Why did you bother trying to run Luke down and stabbing Damian and pretending to be our best friends, only to come on to us? Why bother with all those games if you're just about money?  Sorry. We're not gon na lay out our whole brilliant plan too.  You're both crazy.  I'm really sick and tired of all this negativity.  So shut him up.  Good idea.  What?  Chuckles Oh, even better. Now all we have to do is wait.  Yeah. Any idea how you want to pass the time?  You thinking what I'm thinking?  How often is it that have a captive audience?  We don't want it to go to waste. I can't just sit here and do nothing. Your father said we should stay by the phone. Whoever's got Noah knows my cell number. That text was sent from his phone. Yeah, but I think we should stay put. I mean, so that we can be reached quickly. Look, Luke, I know there your father has a lot of reasons to suspect Damian. I understand that. Believe me, I have a lot of reasons of my own not 's behind this. And if we don't stop blaming him, we're never gon na find the real kidnappers or Noah. The game's over, Grimaldi You tell me right now You tell me where I can find Noah On the next " As the World Turns " (Slow-music-playing) " We have your son. Pay up or " " Or you will never see him alive again. " We're gon na be holding you on suspicion of kidnapping, Damian.  So glad you could join us, Luciano. 
Damian kidnapped Noah, Mom. That's all there is to it. I don't think so, Luke. Oh, God. Don't tell me that you trust him. I can't believe that he would kidnap the love of your life and use him against you. I can't believe that he'd hurt you like that just for money. He used me for money. Trust me, Damian has done a lot worse things than this. I understand. And don't get me wrong, if it turns out that Damian is responsible, I'll be the first one to call Margo and tell her to lock him up and throw away the key. But I just don't think we should jump to the worst-possible conclusion until we know more. Yeah, but Mom, the problem is with Damian, the worst-possible conclusion is probably the right one. Right now, we need to focus on getting Noah home safe and sound. Well, right now, do you know just standing here and waiting. I'm gon na meet Dad at the police station. I'll go with you.  Have you completely lost your mind? Am I supposed to be a kidnapper now? You knew Luke would pay anything to get Noah back. Did you think he would raid the foundation to get the ransom money?  I don't know what you're talking about. I know nothing about this. I went to Lisbon looking for Noah. Why would I do that if I was the one who kidnapped him? Which is why you never went at all. Your fake little trip that's when you grabbed him, isn't it?  Holden, I'm innocent of this and everything else you've accused me of. I guess you never kidnapped Luke either, huh, Damian?  I can not defend the past. Those were desperate times. But I've learned much since then. I'd never do anything to are nothing but a liar, and you always have been.  All right, what do I have to do to convince you, Holden, huh? Swear on a stack of bibles? Take a lie-detector test? You'll find a way to trick the machine.  That's the best I can offer. Take it or leave me alone. Fine. I'll take it. Well, you might as well stay here while I go sign you out, Mr. Pants, and then we'll get back to the nursing home. Do you need to use the men's room or anything? I'll take that as a no. So, are you gon na be fine till I get back? I'll take that as a yes Ali. Casey. How are you? Oh, uh, fine, thanks. Um does he need help? Oh, Mr. Pants is doing just fine, aren't ya aka " Mr. Pants, " um, meet Alison Stewart. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Pants. Mr. Pants is a man of few words. He seems more like a man of no words. (Casey-chuckles) Uh, I won't keep you. Wait, Ali, Ali. Wait. What's going on? Are you still mad about I missed our lunch date ?' Cause that was not my fault. The van broke down. Jade and I were stuck for hours. It's not that big of a deal. Then why are you making me feel like it is? It's like you're shutting me out. Is it because I was stuck in the middle of nowhere and and I couldn't do a damn thing to get out of there? Of course not. But you were the one who pushed me to work with Jade. Casey, I never wanted you to work with Jade afraid to work with Jade. Look, all I'm saying is if I'm working with Jade, if that's gon na be a problem Look, it's not a problem. Then why are you acting like it is? Are you jealous? You think I'm jealous? You do You think I'm jealous of Jade? Are you? Do I have a reason to be? I mean, because you guys have already slept together and we haven't. So I am not jealous of Jade Anyway, I have to go back to work. (Casey-groans) (Door-slams) (Casey-sighs) Okay, let's sign you out, and hit the road.  Stupid kid. What did you say? Margo, where's Holden? Well, I I don't know. Was I supposed to see him? Look, Noah's been kidnapped. God knows what they're doing to him. take me through this a step at a time. Okay. We, um we got in a fight, so when I didn't see him for a while, I just you know, I thought he was just trying to sort that out. And then I got a call from him saying that he was at a film festival in Lisbon. Mm-hmm. Well, when did you get this call? Yesterday. Did he sound like he was under duress? Well, like I said, we were in a fight, so I didn't really think about it. And now I'm kicking myself, because if I had just known if I had just known Honey, there's no way you could have known. All right. Was there any other communication other than this one call? Yeah. I got a text from his phone earlier today, but I know he didn't send it. Kidnappers must have led you to the conclusion that he was kidnapped? When I got this ransom note. All right, all right, all right, all right. Don't is that a Lakeview stationary? Yeah. No surprise there, huh? Luke, come on. Don't jump to any conclu Holden. There's your kidnapper. He kidnapped Noah. He wrote the ransom note. I'll give you the damn money Just tell me where Noah is  Poor Noah. Are you tied up too tight? I hate to see you in pain, Monster, because none of this is your fault.  Hey.  Don't be jealous, " Z. " You're the only one for me, too. No matter how much pain you're going through, can't be half as bad as losing what's rightfully yours.  But that's all about to change.  Just as soon as we get the ransom. . Let's get him hooked up and get some straight answers.  I'm telling you the truth, Luke. I know nothing about any kidnapping I would never do anything to hurt Noah. Okay, fine. Then we'll wait for further instructions like your note sorry, sorry like the kidnappers' note said. We'll pretend that we all don't know that you did this. We'll play your stupid little game.  I'm not playing games, Luke All I want to do is help. If you want to help, then why don't you just tell us where Noah is?  Luke How can we get money from the foundation to pay off the ransom? I'll call the bank and find out the best way to handle this. Okay. It has to be the fastest way. Has to be the fastest Wait. Wait a minute, both of you. Just uh, seat here? We'll be we'll be right back.  Of course. Just do whatever you have to do to get Noah back. All right. Did you hear him? All right. Luke, I know how you must feel how you all must feel. And believe me, obviously, we will we will investigate Damian's involvement in the kidnapping. But the last thing you should do right now is pay that ransom. If you do, you put Noah at even greater risk than he already is. How can you tell me not to pay the ransom? If I don't, Noah will get killed. I know. I know that it sounds counterintuitive, but by paying the money now, you keep all the power in the kidnappers' hands. If you cooperate too quickly, you don't give us time to do our work, to to try and track them down. What are you suggesting we from them as to where to drop the ransom? No, they said to wait for further instructions. All right. Well, when they do contact you, just try to keep the lines of communication open, all right? Don't hand over the money right away. You got to get something first. Like what? It's called proof of life. No, Noah's alive. I'm sure that he is. I am absolutely sure he is. But what you've got to do right now is buy time. You need proof that Noah's alive. If you hand over the money too quickly, you lose that leverage. So you're just asking me to keep Noah in danger? No. I'm asking you to do everything you possibly can to get Noah through this safely, okay? Okay. Well, just promise me you'll do everything you can Oh, you have my word. You Let him go. He probably needs some time alone. Besides, that car Margo assigned to him is out there. He'll be okay.  Luke, you have to let me help you. You really want to help me?  Of course I do. Then call whoever you have to call to get Noah out of this.  I would if I could. You have to believe me. I wish I could.  Hey Where you going?  Oh, to find Luke, to see how he's doing getting the ransom together. Don't worry. I'll be back soon. I'll make it worth your while. (Muffled)  Hand me the water. Please, can I have a little water?  Okay, okay. Guess it won't hurt to let you have a little water. Sometimes, she takes that dominatrix thing a little too far, you know? The tape, the ropes, it's kind of fun sometimes, you know? Oh, sorry. (Zac-chuckles)  Loosen up, Sweetheart. All right. Water break's over.  Thank you. Wait, no. Please, please, don't put that back on yet. I can't breathe with that on.  For a big, strong guy, you are such a wuss.  What did she mean before when she when she talked about getting what's rightfully yours?  Well, I suppose it won't hurt to tell you. The money that Luke used to set up the foundation it was stolen, from us. And we're here to take it back. I know I'm not deaf, Mr. Pants. I heard you call me stupid. What did you mean, huh? Is it because I accused Alison of being jealous? It did tick her off. But you have to understand, I've been calling her and leaving her messages, and nothing, you how crazy you can be about a girl that you want to talk to, but no, she doesn't want to talk to you. And I I've thought about taking her taking her to the storage closet, and you know? Believe me, I've thought about it. But even if she went along with it, you know, she would just get mad at me sooner or later. I don't get it. I really care about her. I just it just never seems to work out. And every time I try to fix it, you know, nothing seems to work. It just keeps going sou what did you do that for?  Call your girlfriend. Are you crazy? Never mind. You you actually just proved you are. (Casey-sighs) Oh, what the hell? What what am I gon na lose, right? What am I gon na lose? (Cell-phone-rings) Casey, I . I have a pharmacology exam tomorrow. Yeah, I know you're busy, but, um I could really, uh, use a favor. What kind of favor? My, uh, car is stuck at the the corner of Price and Delmar, by the park. You've obviously confused me with a tow truck. There's nothing wrong with the car. Um our good friend Mr. Pants here threw the keys into the woods. I was wondering if you could, uh, come out and help me find them. Well, as much fun as that sounds, I really need to study. Oh, but here's an idea for you. Why don't you call your good friend Jade and see if she wants to come help you? Great, great. Good idea, Mr. Pants. Thanks a lot. Now she she's madder at me than no, I'm not gon gon na make everything worse. That's just stu fine Fine, I'll do it I'll call her back, and then I'll prove to you that it's not gon na work, okay? It's not gon na work. (Cell-phone-rings) Casey, I said no.  Please help me I need to get home Mr. Pants? Okay, uh, I'll I'll be right there. Don't worry, okay? Don't go anywhere. We'll we'll get you home. Is she coming? She is coming You have a way with the ladies, Mr. Pants.  Luke, hey. You want to get a latte or something? Oh, no, no. No, I'm I'm okay.  Hey, is something wrong? I mean, you just don't seem like your fabulous self. Are you okay? Do you weird one where he said, " I love you "?  Yeah, sure. We decided that absence is making his heart grow fonder, which is really sweet. Well, that's also really not the case.  If you think he doesn't miss you, you are out of your mind. You are missable and kissable and all Look, Noah didn't send that text. He's been kidnapped.  Oh, my God Kidnapped? Are you sure? Yeah, I just got the ransom note.  No wonder you look like you've been hit by a bus. Luke, I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say. Well, I don't know what to do I don't know what to think I I'm going crazy. I don't  Aw, poor baby. (Luke-sighs) I never should have taken that money.  What money? A while ago, money to start the foundation. Now I guess Damian wants the money back, and the only way he can think about doing that is is holding my boyfriend for ransom, you know? How sick is that?  Are you sure it's Damian? Well, I can't think of anybody else who would do such a thing.  Wow, Dad is a bad, bad dude. Unfortunately, there's not enough evidence against him right now, but I'm sure the police will find something.  When did you go to police? Today.  Did they give you any advice? Yeah, they told me not to pay the ransom.  You're kidding. I mean, that is really weird. Well, they say that if I pay the ransom, it's giving the kidnappers, you know, an advantage. But I don't care about that. I just want Noah back.  That really sucks. I meann't know what I would do. Just the thought of someone taking " Z, " and to think about him hurting and calling out my name I could stop it all by just signing a check. I just don't think I'd be able to hold out. Okay, you know what? No offense, this isn't helping. I have to go home.  Sorry, sorry. I mean, go home and put your feet up, feel better. Just try not to think about what poor Noah's going through. So long.  Ciao, Luciano. So, when was the last time you saw Noah? Why don't you tell Margo how you kept pressuring Noah to tell Luke that you've changed? Only when that didn't happen, that's when you kidnapped him. Noah came to me and told me he knew I was innocent. He didn't believe I committed all the crimes I've been accused of was that?  Not long before he disappeared. So you admit that you were the last person to see Noah. The last person before whoever did the kidnapping I will do the questioning, please. Thank you. So, did you two discuss anything else?  I told Noah that I thought the, uh Luke hit-and-run and and, uh, the break-in at Holden and Lily's might have been made by, uh, another member of the Grimaldi family. Who?  I know there are many members of the family who hate me. Some of the hatred might have carried over to my son. Look, Lily found a ring with the Grimaldi crest in her office. He's trying to get out of this by pinning it on someone else in his family  That ring isn't mine But it obviously belonged to someone else in my family, yeah. Any idea who?  No. Not without more information of the person who hacked into the foundation's bank account, but So you think that that hacker used the Grimaldi name?  Noah thought it might have been P-e-s-c-l, which is the Italian word for the astrological sign Pisces. So it's your contention then that the last time you saw Noah was when he gave you this information about the hacker.  Yes. You have my word. Which is worth nothing. (Margo-sighs)  You know, I'm sick to death of you and your endless accusations Now, you blame me for everything that's happening to my son, but there's no evidence I I've been involved in any of it Lieutenant, you wanted to see this ASAP. Yes, thank you. Excuse me.  Will you tell your husband, please, that I was as surprised as you were to find that Grimaldi ring in your office? I've tried. His mind is closed. Closed to right. We just ran a quick check of the prints on the ransom note. Were you able to find anything. Yes, we were. We're gon na be holding you on suspicion of kidnapping, Damian. The prints match yours. (Alison-sighs) Are you still looking for the keys? Yeah. No luck, though. Is Mr. Pants okay? Oh, Mr. Pants is having a ball. But I'm the one who's gon na be dead meat if I don't get him to the nursing home on time. Can can you help me find them? Well, what makes you think I can find them when you couldn't? Because you're a girl, and girls are good at finding Okay, well, unfortunately, you know what, you're just gon na have to find them for yourself. Alison, I'm sorry. Please don't go. Look you're already help? I I'll buy you ice cream if you stay. No, thanks. I'm not in the mood for ice cream. How about a cupcake? No. No ice cream, no cupcakes. Look, I'll help you look for the keys, but then I'm out of here. Okay. Um, I already covered this area. We can go check up here.  Why do you think you're entitled to Luke's money?  See, that's where you're wrong. It's not Luke's money. It's our money.  But how? Who are you guys?  Zac, I need you outside now.  Hey, what happened?  They're not gon na pay the ransom.  But why?  It doesn't matter why.  What are we gon na do?  What else? We're gon na have to tell Luke where Noah is.  Are you Trust me, Zac. I know what I'm doing. Just give me Noah's phone. (Luke-sighs) I can't lose you, Noah. (Text-message-alarm)  " Come fast. Come alone. Storage locker 418, Elm Street and Main. No cops or they'll kill me. " I'm sorry, Officer, but you're gon na have to stay here. Noah and I will be back before you know it. So, um, why did Mr. Pants throw the keys out the window? (Casey-scoffs) You should ask him. He's not the kind of guy that spends a lot of time explaining things. That's got to be rough. And spending all this time with a guy who doesn't say anything. No. It's actually pretty fine. He's a really nice guy to talk to. Well, what on earth could you have to talk to him about? You. Me? Well . What did you tell him? How I feel about you. Which is? You know, never mind. I don't want to know. Why not? Why don't you want to know how I feel about you? I want to know what you feel about me. I want to know everything about you. You already know too much. Not possible. (Alison-scoffs) And the more I learn about you, the more I want to know. This is what you told Mr. Pants? I told him the thing that we have or I mean the thing we could have it just keeps messing up for some reason. Well, I'm sure he had a lot to say about that. He said I was stupid. Well, you are. I mean, " Girls are good at finding things "? Hello Yeah, thanks. I'm sorry. No, it's not that . It's just sometimes you do stupid things. And, I mean, I should know, right? I've done more than a few of them. Is that why it seems we never connect, or like everybody and everything just seems to gang up on us? Case, it's not everything and everyone. It's one specific person. Are we talking about Jade again? Because I told you, there is nothing there. It's not Jade. It's me. I'm I'm a mess. I mean, come on. I think you're a pretty great mess. Case. I really want to be with you. I do. But somehow I just keep finding all these lame excuses not to be. I I kind of knew that. Yeah? Well, you're way ahead of me ,' cause I just figured that one out. Hey, it's okay. I'll wait 're out of excuses. What's that? Do I have something in my teeth? I I just No, no, no, no, no. In back of you. Come on, Alison. What is this, another excuse? No excuses It's your keys That is great Yeah All right Well, let's get, um, Mr. Pants back where he belongs. Yes All right, Mr. Smarty-pants We're out of here " Smarty-pants "? Really? Hey, I'm the stupid one, right? You come up with something else. Okay, well I guess we know why Mr. Pants threw the keys out the window. He was trying to make an escape. Yeah, where would he have gone? I didn't even know he could walk. Well, I guess he's full of surprises. We'd better start far. (Casey-groans) I knew his fingerprints were gon na be all over that note. Did you see his face when Margo told him? He was stunned. He was stunned because he got caught. All right. Say he wrote the note, kidnapped Noah. I mean, don't you think he'd be careful enough not to leave his fingerprints on the note and and to use stationary from the hotel where he's staying? Come on. Damian's smarter than that. He's plenty smart. Look at the way he's played you. Thanks for your faith in my intelligence. It has nothing to do with your intelligence, and it has everything to do with the fact that you still have a soft spot for Damian Grimaldi. How can you say that? Because after everything he's done, you're still defending him. No, because in this one case, the evidence doesn't make sense. for breaking through your defenses. That's why he'll always be able to hurt you and why he's hurting Luke right now. We're gon na have to agree to disagree about Damian. I hope we can be a united front for Luke. Of course. I'm gon na call him and see if he wants us to bring him a coffee home. Thank you. No answer. That's funny. He wouldn't turn off his phone. With what happened to Noah? I don't think so. Noah Oh, my God Are you all right?  What are you doing here? I got your text.  Look, whatever it said, it's a trap. You got to get out of here before they come back. No, I'm not leaving without you.  Oh, looks like we've got company, " Z. "  Yeah. So glad you could you guys are behind this?  Wait, they're not who you think they are.  Don't talk, Monster.  Yeah. Your boyfriend's gon na think you haven't enjoyed spending time with us. Look, I don't care who you are or what you are. Noah and I are getting out of here.  Well, " Z, " I don't think he sees the gun.  He must, " Z. " It's so big.  Maybe he thinks we're not serious.  Mm, he'd be wrong. Guys, if you want something, we can discuss it. If you're after money, we can talk.  Oh, we're done talking, aren't we, " Z "?  Talk time is over. Look, we're all reasonable people here.  Tie him up.  You okay?  Your boyfriend's brave, but he isn't too bright, run away like that.  Party hasn't even started.  Try to escape, you'll hurt our feelings.  And when our feelings get hurt  We hurt back.  Understood? You don't really think Mr. Pants is in Yo's, do you? Maybe they don't have a pool table at the nursing home. Right. I'm sure he's a real shark. He's probably racking them up as we speak. Look, there's got to be someone inside. All we have to do is ask if they saw an old guy come in. I'll take any help I can get. All right. It can't hurt to ask. (Casey-sighs) I don't believe it. Mr. Pants, do you know how worried I've been about you? Will you look at this? Poor guy probably hasn't had one of those in years. That's what you came here for, a little freedom. There are certainly worse things in life. That's for sure. Ali, you feel like a burger? Uh, I I should get back and hit the books. Oh, come on. You have to eat. I have to eat. And the way I look at it, I I still owe you a lunch. Yeah, I I guess you do.  If we're dealing with members of the Grimaldi family, that explains why they're trying to hurt Luke and why they're trying to frame me. Any idea who these family members might be?  There are too many branches, and there have been too many feuds over the years. The Grimaldi family is very competitive. That's that's putting it mildly. But unfortunately, you're the only Grimaldi who's been implicated so far.  Margo, look at the facts. Lily's a wealthy woman in her, they could get much more from her. So why go after Luke and the foundation? That's a very good question.  I love my son. I gave him the money to begin with, so why on earth would I put him through this just to get it back? Well, maybe you thought at one point you wouldn't need the money back, but then there's some sort of financial reversal. It's happening. You wouldn't be the only one out there.  Margo, I'll make my financial records an open book to you. You'll see I don't need the money. All right, then maybe it's not about money. You and Luke have been estranged. Maybe you set this whole thing up so that you could come to his rescue.  Of course not. Look, I don't know how many ways I can say this I'm telling the truth And once you find all the facts  You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Are you okay?  I'm okay.  Romantic, isn't it, " Z "? (Zac-chuckles)  Lovers united at long last. You're the ones who left the ring there.  Mm. Look at you, Mr. Detective. You're Grimaldis, aren't you?  Not me.  Just me. I don't get it. (Zac-chuckles)  He's not too bright. You're right, " Z. "  Yeah. Good thing he can rely on his looks. Wait, so you're not really twins?  Oh, he's catching on  Oh, say something smart, Luke  It was all an act.  Don't talk, Monster.  It's your sweetie's turn now. But why?  Oh, the twins? (Zac-chuckles)  That was just for fun.  Kicks.  We're not related at .  There's no blood between us at all. (Zac-chuckles)  Shame on you, Luke, for thinking that way  Yeah. We're just your average, everyday couple.  Mm, trying to get what's rightfully ours.  What could be more natural than that? Luke? Luke? Where is he? Guess he's not here. Well, I can't imagine where he'd go. He's probably on the grounds somewhere. The officer's still out there. Luke? Luke? Luke, do me a favor. Will you call me as soon as you get this message? Your mother's worried sick about you. Oh, my God. " Reconsider your position on the ransom. We have your son. Pay up or " " Or you'll never see him alive again. " They've got Luke now, Margo. We just got a second ransom note. Look, mean, we're already looking for Noah, and we know that the same people probably took Luke, so we're ahead of the game. So what do we do? Just sit tight. We've already got people canvassing the neighborhood, and we've got people planting bugs on your phone so we can monitor incoming and outgoing phone calls. Did Damian say anything? Well, not much, but we do know one thing. He couldn't have kidnapped Luke ,' cause he was here with me. Well, he could have hired people. That's true, he could have. But but it's very likely that he would try and send some sort of signal, and I can tell you that he's had absolutely no communication with anyone since he's been here. So listen, we will keep you and Lily informed. Just take care of each other. Thanks, Margo. Thanks for what? For letting our fault. I know. You think it's Damian's. Margo doesn't think so, at least not now. Because he was with her the whole time. Look, I think that maybe he could have set this up Enough, Holden Do you want our son back, or do you just want to be right about Damian?  Luke needs to understand who he's dealing with, what he and his father have done to my family. The Grimaldi family means nothing to me, the Grimaldi name means nothing to me, and the two of you mean less than nothing to me.  Oh, you shouldn't even be able to call yourself a Grimaldi. The things we stand for are things you and your father will never My father is Holden Snyder.  You say that, but you're happy to take Grimaldi money, aren't you? I never  Damian's your father when he's giving I didn't ask for that money. He gave it to me.  It wasn't his to give. It belongs to my branch of the family, not yours. Damian stole my birthright and gave it to you. For what? So you can laugh at the family you claim not to belong to whose fortune you're spending like water. No, no. Not anymore.  They kidnapped Luciano? Don't worry. We will get them back, both of them, Luke and Noah.  No, you don't understand, Margo. These people are ruthless. You don't know what they're capable of. I deal with ruthless people for a living.  I know you do, but I know them in a way you never can. You have no idea of the resentment going back hundreds of years. So educate me.  Look, they're targeting Luciano because I gave a a share of the family fortune to him . If I hadn't given Luciano the money, none of this would have happened. No. You didn't force these people, whoever they are, to kidnap Luke and Noah.  But I supplied the reason. And now I must find a way to stop it. Margo, you must let me out of here at once. For my son's sake, please I guess it's time to get back to the Bonnie Meadows nursing home, Mr. Pants. Well, so long, Mr. Pants.  Hey, beautiful lady, would you care to dance with me? (Alison-chuckles) Me? Uh, well, this, you know uh, isn't really my kind of music. Have a heart, Ali. Come on. The guy probably hasn't danced since this music was in style. Okay. Sure. Why not? I think it's my turn. You don't have to . It's it's not that I don't want to. It never is, is it? It's just that, um you know, it's just like I said, you know, this isn't my kind of music. I thought you looked great. I always think you look great. Beautiful lady, uh, would you like to dance? Are you sure? I think, uh, Mr. Pants would be a little disappointed if we don't. Well, he's not the only one. Thank you for the dance. You're welcome. We should do this more often. Gives me an excuse to hold you. I liked it, too. I, um, think he's trying to play fairy godfather. (Casey-chuckles) Yeah, I almost hate to take him back. Well, he's not a puppy, Casey. We can't keep him. Are noise, and all you have to do is give him a cheeseburger and an oldies station. He'll be set. No, you have to take him back to where he belongs. I guess you're right. Well, uh, Stanley Pants adventure's over, but ours doesn't have to be. Is that an invitation? I'm not busy tonight. You? I wish, but I I still have that pharmacology exam tomorrow, and I really have to study. Oh, you never run out of excuses, do you? Not yet. But I'm getting there. That's okay. I'll wait. Of course I want Luke back. How can you even say that? Ever since this started, your main focus has been figuring out how Damian's to blame Listen, I know you're scared. So am I. But I just want to make sure that Damian need? I just want to make sure that he stays in custody, at least until we can get Luke and Noah back.  Zoe, in the hall, now. Let's leave these lovebirds alone.  Don't do anything we wouldn't do. (Luke-sighs)  Hey, you really okay? How's your head? Hard, as usual. I'm more worried about you. You were the one stuck here going through hell.  No, I'm fine. Just a little stiff from being tied up. Noah, when I thought you were gone, I I was going crazy. I missed you so much.  Me too. Just the worst was knowing how worried you'd be about me. I I wanted to just tell you that everything was gon na be okay, and I I couldn't. When I thought you had left, I  When when they made me call you, they told .  I'd never hurt you like that. Oh, this is crazy. Zac and Zoe. You always had a bad feeling about them. I should listen to you more often.  You know what this means about Zac and Zoe, all this. You're talking about my father.  He's innocent, Luke. I know. I know, and I owe him a huge apology if we ever get out of this.  Hey, when we get out of this. I just can't believe I got you involved in this, though. No, no. There is nowhere that I would rather be than here with you. We're in this together.  I love you. I love you, too. I'm sorry. I know that we both want the boys back. The difference is I don't care if Damian was involved. Yes, but if he's responsible, then he needs to I don't care who the kidnappers are I just want Luke and Noah home. I will not lose my son. We're not gon na lose him. I know, because I'm gon na pay that ransom. No matter what the police say. On the next " As the World Turns " Welcome to " Author's Corner " with psychic Myra Haft. You can't feel something about our baby and then just run off before telling us what it is. Do you know who that is?  That's the person who kidnapped my son? " Get the money. Wrap it in newspaper. We will tell you where to leave it tomorrow. Be ready. " Tomorrow. 
Good afternoon. What are you doing here?  I come bearing gifts. A tree?  Yeah, back on Malta, whenever we lost someone in our family, we, uh, would plant a tree. It helped us to say goodbye. So now you want to honor my husband's memory? Have you forgotten what you said to me the other day?  I told you my feelings for you hadn't changed. Now, Lily, I must apologize. I shouldn't have said that. So, you didn't mean it?  No, I meant it, Cara. I care for you much more than I probably should. It's in my heart. I can't deny it. Damian, stop.  No, but the point is, I shouldn't have told you. I hurt you, and that's the last thing I wanted to do. What is it that you want to do?  I want to be there for you and your family . We don't need your help.  Lily, you let me help you before. That was before. It would just be too awkward. Can't you see that?  It doesn't have to be. Yes, it does. As long as you feel the way you say you do about me, I think (Door-opens) Hey, Damian.  Luciano. What's with the tree?  I thought maybe you and your family could plant it in your father's memory. I was just telling Damian that we hadn't planned on doing anything like that. Why not? I think it's a fantastic idea. All of us pitching in, doing something hands-on. I don't know, maybe it could help Ethan and the girls deal with the fact that Dad's not coming back.  Well, that's what I was hoping. Well, then why don't you want to do it? Great Hey. Who was that? That was the hospital. They want me to come down and sign some papers. Someone has to claim James' body. Oh. And they called you because? Technically, I am the next of kin. Yeah, well so's Henry. Why didn't they call him? Wait, you can't want to do this. Um, I can, actually. I do. Why? Did you suddenly get the urge to channel thy scum of a father? I just want to make sure that for once, the bastard's actually dead. Then I'm gon na grab a shovel and throw earth on the grave myself. Okay, well, I'm gon na go with you. You don't have to do that. What, are you kidding me? Of course I do. Either he's really not dead again, in which case, my paper gets the exclusive shovel. But either way, I'm going with you. Let's go. I just think it's too soon to be having another ceremony. But, Mom, this would be nothing like the funeral. And I think it would be really great for the girls. I mean, Faith is still angry all the time, and Natalie's cooped up in her room. If they could go out and do something positive for Dad, something that reminds them of life, and not of death, how can that be bad?  Lily? How can I refuse? Great. Well, I'll go get Noah so he can be a part of this, too. That is a good idea. Why don't you invite Meg?  I will certainly ask her. You do that. Great. Well, I can show you where you can put the tree for the time being. Maeve?  Shh, shh 'm here. Did you bring the key? Quick, come on, before he hears something.  I can't cut you loose. Not yet. Maeve, come on, there's not a lot of time. Eb's crazy. He's gon na kill me.  No, no, no. He just wants to scare you into getting his money. He's prepared to starve me to death. He didn't mean that, did he?  No, no. He doesn't want you to die. He just wants his money. I can't tell him what I don't know, no matter how hungry I get.  No, look, I know. I know, sometimes, Eb just doesn't think things through. I brought you these. Thanks, Maeve.  What the hell do you think you're doing?  Those are mine He just reached up and grabbed them No, please here without me.  No, he was screaming, he was screaming I had to come in to see if he was dying or something Screams That's not necessary.  Now who's screaming? (Maeve-cries) You don't need to do that.  Now, don't you ever go against me again, you hear me?  No. No. (Maeve-sobs)  Hello, Meg.  Damian? This is a surprise.  I hoped we could talk.  What is there to talk about? You made it quite clear that you wanted a break from our relationship.  Well, things were getting a little too intense, too fast. You were under enough emotional pressure with Holden's death. I didn't want to add to it.  Oh. Well, so you broke up with me to help me through my grief?  I never broke up with you. I just suggested some time apart because I thought it was the right you came here expecting a thank you, you'll be quite disappointed.  No, actually, I, um, I came here to invite you I want to tell you something. Lily and her family are going to plant a tree in Holden's memory, and  That's a lovely gesture.  Yeah. Yeah. And I thought, as a member of Holden's family, that you should be there.  I'll, uh, call Lily and find out all the details.  That won't be necessary. I'll take you.  Well, thanks for offering, but I'll be fine.  Wait. All I'm saying is, um, well, since we both plan to go there, right, we could go together.  Okay, what's going on? Why'd you really come here?  To invite you to the ceremony.  As your date? What happened, Damian? Did Lily turn you down good way to honor my dad.  Like a living memorial. Yes, something like that.  Yeah, that's really nice. And even though it's not a real memorial, it's still gon na be really emotional for us, so I would love it if you could be there.  Do you really think you have to ask? Of course I will. Thanks. I just really don't want to do it if you're not there.  Hey, I hated missing the funeral. Now I finally get to honor a man I actually admire. Thanks.  You don't have to thank me. I want to be there. Don't you get it? Yeah, it's starting to sink in. Isn't that Mason?  Yeah. Hey, Mason  Oh Oh Mason, are you okay?  Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine. Not a scratch, all right Oh  Is that what you think? That I would only want to be with you if I couldn't get Lily? Because if you're really that insecure  Okay, you know what, just wait a minute. This is not my fault.  I suggested a cooling-off period because I thought it would help us see things more clearly. Obviously, I was mistaken.  Okay, Damian, wait, wait, wait. Look, I didn't mean to imply that you were pursuing Lily or that she was pursuing you. I know neither one of you would disrespect Holden's memory that way.  Of course not. That's why I bought the tree and gave it to Lily so she could honor him.  You bought the tree?  I thought it would bring the family together in a positive way.  Well, what a wonderful idea. I just hope it works.  Well, we'll be able to see for ourselves together.  When you say " Together, " what do you mean exactly?  It means whatever you want it to mean.  Okay, Damian, look. Just be straight with me. Are you asking me to go as Holden's sister or because you're tired of the distance you put between us?  If you're willing to try again, so am I. Mason, you really should go to the hospital. You need to have that shoulder x-rayed.  I'm sorry. I feel like an idiot. I can't even ride a bike without causing a drama.  Hey, come on, accidents happen.  Yeah. Look, if you could just get me over to the street, me and my bike, so I can flag a cab, that would be great. No, no. Noah, you need to take him to the hospital.  But I really want to go to the tree ceremony. I've you there, too. But Mason needs you more than I do right now.  Don't be ridiculous. I can get myself to the hospital. Ow. Oh.  Why don't we take him to the hospital together, and then afterwards, we'll meet your family? Yeah, but we can't just dump Mason at the hospital. And I need to meet my family now.  Stop it, you two. I can take care of myself. All right? You don't need to worry. Just  Hey, hey, hey. This is not a problem. I'll take you to the hospital, I'll make sure you're okay, and then I'll meet up with you afterwards. I'm gon na be there. You can count on it.  So, are my two beautiful ladies ready to go?  Well, she was being fussier earlier and it totally tired her out. But I took her temperature is warm. What do you think it might be?  Well, she had an ear infection last week, and it's probably coming back. But I just want to take her to the doctor just to be sure.  I'll take her.  No, I can handle this.  Meg.  The doctor will probably prescribe an antibiotic. Look, you planned this lovely gesture for Lily and the kids. I don't want you to miss it. I'll meet up with you right after I'm done with her appointment.  Are you sure?  Okay, if you're worried about me throwing another hissy fit because you're spending too much time with Lily, don't. I'm not jealous. Not anymore. After all, I have no reason to be. You ready to go? I am, but your sister isn't. She refuses to have anything to do with it. Really? Well, I thought until she found out it was Damian's idea. That doesn't make any sense. I know. Luke, I have given up trying to figure out what Faith wants. You want to give it a shot? Uh, yeah, yeah, sure. Thank you, Sweetie. (Door-opens-and-closes) Faith Hey, Faith Will you come out here? I really need to talk to you. Let me guess, you're supposed to convince me to help Mom plant that stupid tree? Mm-hmm. Well, I already told her I'm not gon na do it. Because it was Damian's idea? He shouldn't even be involved. He's not even part of the family. He just keeps butting in. Well, he is my birth father, so technically, he is part of the family. What about all the rotten stuff he's done to Mom? And you? We're just supposed to Faith. We're not supposed to forget about it. But we are supposed to forgive it. Dad believed in second chances if the person proved that they were willing to change. What if Damian hasn't changed? What if all he wants is What, Faith? What is it that Damian wants? I don't know. Well, I think that he wants to help us. And I think we should let him. Well, we don't need his help. I do. I need Damian's support. But more than that, Faith, I need you. What do you need me for? Natalie's sad. But she's still too young to understand what Dad's death means. And Ethan can't even understand that Dad's not coming home. But you and me, we get it. And that's why it hurts so much. Faith, there is no way that I'm going to be able you say? Can I count on you? Sure. Are you okay?  What, you think Eb ruined my chances to be the next top model or something? I'll be okay. This isn't funny. Why don't you come over here and let me take a look at you? (Maeve-sniffles) How often does he use you as a punching bag?  My husband has a temper, and sometimes he shows it. You're better than this, Maeve.  Eb and I come from the same place, and nobody's better than anyone else. A man should never hit a woman. There's no reason to justify that.  I'm just hoping that once he gets his money, it'll calm him down. The money Skaggs hid.  Yeah. Are you absolutely sure you don't know where it is? I have no idea.  So, when you gave us directions, and you took to escape, that's all.  First you say you don't know where it is, then you say you were lying, and you do know. I don't know what to believe, Holden. First, you're changing your stories just like changing days of the week, and it's not helping anyone. I can see that. But the honest to God truth is, I never saw Skaggs before the day of the accident. And I certainly don't know where he hid the money. But if its money, if that's what this is all about, I do know how to get my hands on some. And if you help me, I'll give you and Eb all the money you need.  And how do you propose we get this money? From my bank.  Where? Back home? Well, my bank's based in Oakdale, Illinois, but there are branches all over the place. I'll give you need to take the money out. You take as much as you need for you and Eb.  I can't just walk into your bank and ask them for your money. Unless they're blind as well as stupid, they're gon na know I'm not you. I'll write a letter authorizing you to make a withdrawal. You take out the money for Eb, give it to him, then all this will be over with.  Eb won't like it. What does it matter where the money comes from?  I know Eb. If he thinks you're handing out money, he'll think you're sitting on a whole lot more. Okay, fine. Think about this. You get the money, you take it somewhere and you hide it. You tell me where it is, I'll tell Eb, I'll lead you both to it, he'll think that it's the money Skaggs hid. And he'll let pen and paper and write down everything you need.  I don't know. No, Maeve, come on, come on This'll work.  No, I'm not saying that it's not gon na work. I'm just saying if Eb gets his money and you go back home, what happens to me?  Noah, would you mind maybe, um, helping me?  Oh, yeah, sure, no problem.  To take off my shirt. Okay.  Is that all right?  Yeah, yeah, it's great.  Don't want to hurt you.  Ow, ow.  Sorry, sorry.  It's okay. All right, thanks. Listen, um, it sounds like you've got a lot going on, so if you want to, um, if you want to go, I  Oh, I'll wait till the doctor comes. People tend to forget about you  Hey, come on, after everything you've done for me? It's the least I could do. Mr. Jarvis?  Yeah. All right, let's take a look, see what's going on with that shoulder.  Okay.  Yeah, I'm gon na leave you for a while and go see how Luke and his family are doing.  Okay.  I'll check up on you soon though, okay?  Great. A little to the right, Faith. Your right or my right?  It's a pretty tree. Yeah, it is. Isn't Daddy gon na help us? Oh, Sweetie, he can't. But he's with us all the same. So, don't you worry? Ethan, when this tree gets a little bit bigger and grows some branches, we can sit under it and have a picnic. Remember when Dad used to make us the field by Grandma's house? And when you're under this tree, it'll be like Dad's watching over you. Let's take turns putting some soil around the roots of the tree. That way, we'll all feel like the tree belongs to all of us. Here you go, Faith. Here. Let me help you with this, Buddy. Now let's take hands and make a circle. Holden, I know you're up there somewhere. Probably sitting under a big shade tree. And now when we come to your tree, we'll all feel that much closer to you. Baby, are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. What is he doing here? Damian? Where's Meg?  I'm afraid she isn't coming. There you go. Thank you, Mr. Ryan. We'll send the body to a funeral parlor. Please accept our deepest sympathies. You Never been happier. Okay, the polite response would have been, " Thank you. " Not my problem if my honesty throws people off. Speaking of honesty, have I told you just how hot you look? Will you stop it? We're in public. Public place Okay, I'll be polite. I'm sorry. Have I told you, Miss Stewart, how hot you look in this? Yes, you have, Mr. Ryan. Hi, Meg.  Hey. Emily, Paul. Hi. Hi.  Oh, my God, you got your memory back. Yeah. How did you know?  I knew it the minute I saw you that something was different. Yeah, I remember everything.  So, you know this is our daughter? Of course. She's beautiful. Do you mind if I hold her?  Well, of course, she had to take Eliza  Well, Meg didn't think so, but she had to make sure. You could have gone to the hospital with Meg.  She didn't want me to. And I wanted to be here to pay my respects. Damian, come and join us. Luke. For me, Faith. Fine.  Holden's time on earth was much too short. But I'm certain that no man could have been loved more by his family. I'm sure I'm sure the thing he'll regret the most is not being able to see his beautiful children grow up. Isn't Daddy ever coming back? No, Baby, he's not.  Come here. It's all right. It's all right, Ethan. You can cry. I'm sure your daddy wouldn't mind. He would understand. I think she likes me. Of course she likes you. You're her daddy. huh?  Well, she does seem to be very comfortable in your arms. (Paul-sighs) I'd like to start spending a little bit more time with her, if that's okay.  I think that could probably be arranged. Meg, I'm sorry. There's been an emergency. You're gon na have to wait.  Uh, I can't. I have to be somewhere. There's really nothing I can do.  Lily arranged this kind of memorial this afternoon. I would hate to miss it. You don't have to miss it. I'll stay here with Eliza till the doctor's free.  No, no, no, that's all right. I'm sure you two have plans. No, not at all. We'll look after her together. You do what you need to do with your family.  You sure? Yeah, go. I'll call you as soon as she's . I'll be right back to pick her up after her appointment. Faith, is there something you'd like to say?  Am I too late? No. Not at all. I didn't think you were gon na be able to make it.  Are you kidding? I made the mistake of not being here once before. I wasn't gon na make it again.  Noah, we were just about to say a few words in Holden's memory. Lily? Would you care to start? It's so beautiful here, Holden. Reminds me of the summers we used to spend out on the field when we were kids. Whenever I see open grass and sun, I think of your beautiful smile and how blue your eyes were. This is where you are, Holden. You're not under some stone in some cold cemetery. You're out here, where you lived your life. Dad, I never would have made father I ever could have asked for. And I'm sorry if it hurts your feelings to hear me say that.  The truth, Holden was your father. He was the father you needed when I couldn't be there for you. And I'll always be grateful to him for that.  Daddy, I promise I'll sit under your tree. It won't be as good as being with you, though. Faith? Would you like to say something? I'm sure Daddy already knows how I feel, even if you don't. Well, how is she? I guess she had an ear infection a couple weeks ago, and this is some kind of recurrence. Doctor said she should take some antibiotics. She's gon na be fine. Yeah, she looks good. I should call Meg and let her know. Um, hey. Uh, Eliza's fine. Doctor said it was like a little infection, of waiting for you here at Memorial, I'm gon na take her home. So, call me and let me know when I can drop her off with you. All right. Okay, so I guess little Miss Eliza's coming home with us. You betcha. I'll use this time to get to know my little girl again. What you need to do is take some money out of my account for yourself. Just hide it somewhere. Eb, he doesn't need to know anything about it.  I'd never take a penny from you. It's not about the money for me. I can see that. But once Eb has the money, it'll be a lot more calm. It'll be easier, like you said.  Maybe, maybe not. Truth is, even when Eb's flush, he's just as likely to take a swing at me. Hell, he broke my arm one time after he living like this?  He's my husband. What choice do I have? You always have a choice.  Maybe where you come from, but not here. Money or no money, Eb's always gon na be the same. When he's in a good mood, he's fine, and when he's in a bad mood, look out. Truth is, I just never know when or why. What do you want, Maeve?  Not to be with him anymore. A good wife is supposed to stick by her man even when times are bad, I guess I'm just not a good wife. You're a human being. You deserve to be treated like one. Now, if you want to get out of here, I'll do everything I can to help you. You have my word. This letter is as good as a check. Take it to the nearest branch and give it to the manager.  Maeve. It's not a trap.  I know. I trust you. Do you trust me? I do.  How do you know I won't just take the money and run? I'm pretty good at reading people. I know you're not that kind.  It's been a long time since someone had that kind of faith in me. I'm not only trusting you with my money. I'm trusting you with my life.  I know. And I won't let you down. I know you won't. And in return, I'm gon na make sure that you get to live your own life. Far away from Eb.  Hey. Hope you weren't waiting for me long.  No, not at all.  So? What did he say?  It's just a sprain.  Well, that's good news.  Yeah, it's great news. The bad gon na be able to do for myself for a while. A friend in need is a friend, indeed? Need a friend  Of course, of course. Anything you need, just let me know.  Awesome. Thanks. I promise not to take advantage of you. Your kindness. All right, look. I can't believe you waited around for me, that you didn't go get Luke. That's great.  Oh, well, no, I did, actually.  Oh. Hey.  There you are. Sorry it took so long. I couldn't find a parking place. (Paul-laughs) I'm sorry. I'm completely ignoring you. I'm sorry. (Emily-laughs) Yeah, little miss Eliza Ryan's pretty tough competition. That's all I can say. Yes, she is. I guess all those old feelings are coming back, huh? Yeah, like a tidal wave. As soon, I remember that feeling when I used to hold Daniel. But for you, it must feel like the first time all over again, huh? It's not that. I understand why I was so desperate before, you know? This feels right. She feels right. I need to stay connected to her. Of course you do. I understand this might have some effect on our life together, so if this is a problem, you and I, we need to talk about it.  How's Faith? Still treating me like public enemy number one. I don't know how to get through to her. I keep asking her what's wrong, and she won't tell me.  She probably just needs time. We all need time. You're probably right. God knows you were right about planting that tree. It's the best way possible for my children to say goodbye to their father.  I'm glad . I promised Natalie I'd help her find her DVD.  Take your time. Ethan and I have got things under control. (Door-opens) Meg. Glad to see you.  I went to the field, but you were gone.  You were very must missed. It was a beautiful experience.  Where's Lily?  Upstairs with Natalie. How is Eliza?  Well, her doctor was running late, which is why I was late, myself. But I ran into Paul at the hospital.  That must have been uncomfortable.  Not nearly as much as it has been. He's gotten his memory back.  So, he knew you and Eliza?  He even offered to stay with her so I could come and be with the family. I took him up on it.  You were all right to leave Eliza with Paul?  I was. I know, I'm as surprised as you are, but he just seemed to, at peace, like he's gotten rid of all his demons.  I hope you're right. Paul has been able to fool people before.  You know, it's time for me to go back to the hospital and pick up Eliza. Why don't you come along? And then we could all go and grab a bite together?  I can't. Hey, Mason, how's the shoulder?  Ah, it's just a sprain. So, I hope I didn't pull you away from some important family business, or Oh, no, no. Not at all. And Noah was there when it mattered.  That's great. Hey, do you need a lift anywhere?  No, no, I'm fine. I'm fine. Are you sure?  Yeah.  It's no trouble.  Yeah, no, no, it's okay. I called a cab already. and let us know how you're doing, and if you need anything, okay?  I will do. Okay.  I got to tell you, I just knew there was something special about you from the moment I laid eyes on you. Maybe I knew somewhere deep down inside you were gon na be my ticket out of here. I'm surprised you stuck it out this long.  I wanted to leave Eb for a long time. I just didn't see how I was gon na do it with no money and no one to help me. And now you have both those things.  Yeah, I sure do. I promise you, you're gon na be well taken care of. But you need to get that money. You need to get it and you need to bury it.  No, don't you worry. I will do it. You brought hope into my life, and I'd do anything for you .  Okay. You need to go.  All right. Thank you. Thank you.  It's not that I don't want to spend time with you and Eliza. It's been a difficult day for Lily and her kids. Faith is still full of anger about her father's death, and Ethan got really upset once he finally realized that his daddy isn't coming home.  Poor little guy.  Yeah. He finally managed to fall asleep using me as a pillow. I'd hate to move him. He'd wake up and start crying again.  I understand.  Listen, why don't you go get Eliza, and then I'll meet you later on at the farm?  Sure. You got me. My self-esteem is so low, I'm actually jealous of this little perfect angel daughter of yours. I'm serious. You need to be okay with this. Of course I'm okay. mother of the year, but you better believe I love my children, and I could never be with a man who didn't feel the same way about his. Good, because I do. Good. That doesn't mean that I'm confusing my feelings for her with my feelings about her mom. So, what are you saying? The little brunette's my only competition? And she drools. I can handle it, I think. But seriously, I honestly don't think there's anything sexier than a hot guy who happens to be a really good dad. Thanks. Oh, I should call Meg again. I'm worried she didn't get that message. I don't want her to worry. Well, wait a minute. A hot, sexy father who is also responsible? Don't look now, Mr. Ryan, but I think you might be getting closer to sealing the marriage deal? (Cell-phone-rings)  Paul way to the hospital right now. You didn't get my message, did you?  I must have been out of range. I didn't even know you called. Is something wrong? No, Eliza's fine. The doctor took one quick look in her ear. It's just a mild infection.  That's what I thought. But I couldn't reach you, so I brought her home with me. And I was hoping that I could, you know, just keep her for a little while, drop her off with you later at the farm.  Um, yeah, I guess that's all right. Thanks, Meg. I'll see you soon. On the next " As the World Turns " It had already split up our family so much. I'm scared it's gon na be permanent. Stick with the plan that we've got.  No, there is another way. All right me one more time. Champagne? To celebrate what? You may have just ruined any chance you have of getting your father's money. 
I love your brother, and I accepted his death, but that doesn't mean I never stopped missing him, and by God, you know that I always kept wondering, as a father, what I could have done differently to change the way things turned out. Adam screwed up. It's not your fault. So, now I have another chance with him. But, you see, he stole a person's identity, and he came to this town under false pretenses, and that's fraud, but that's not the worst part. See, he forced your mother to help him. I don't think he forced her. Okay. He knew that she loved him too much to turn him in, and she knew that you loved her too much to do it either. Maybe. So, Adam says that he's changed, he's ready to be a good man. But you know what? Those are just words, and as long as he keeps skirting his he can't live up to. So you're going to turn him in? If it was just about Adam, I think so, but now he has your mom and you on the hook for aiding and abetting. So, do I follow my principles and say, " Look, if you break the law, you take your punishment and do your time, no matter how harsh it is "? Or do I throw all that out the window and just try to preserve what's left of my family?  I'm really sorry that I lied to you. Just to me? Because you also lied to Casey, Margo, Tom, your sick grandfather, and your grandmother.  I'm sorry about all of it, okay? I'm I'm a screw-up. Nothing new there. But not everything I said was a lie. Well, how do I tell the difference?  You know what? Fine. You can believe I meant every word I said about wanting to live a better life. Whose?  What? Whose life are you planning to lead, Riley Morgan's or Adam Munson's? Because if you stay Riley, I mean, that kind of cancels out the whole good thing. If you go back to being Adam, you got a hell of a lot to make up for.  Don't you think I know that? Well, knowing it and doing something about it are two very different things.  I'm trying to apologize Your apology is bogus It means nothing  No. In the past, maybe, but I have changed. The only thing that's changed is your face. The rest of you is as messed up as you always were. I want to pull out all the stops. I want every hors d'oeuvre that you and your little elves can whip up before this afternoon.  We're grateful for  Perhaps you might want to have a slightly more discreet reception, given that your guests are coming from a funeral. No. I don't want discreet. I want over-the-top celebration.  Oh, I see. You want to honor your father's life. Honor him? No. James Stenbeck was my father. I'm thrilled that he's dead. I want happy food and happy wine. I want fireworks.  Caviar and fireworks. Yes, Sir. Whoever that was, she looked like she just saw a ghost. What's going on? Caterer. Caterer? What? For what? Today we put James in the ground, and then we dance on his grave. You think a black armband would be too much?  Don't go overboard with it. Well, I'm about to inherit my father's entire estate. I need to look suitably grief-stricken. Anything else would be unseemly.  Your obsession unseemly. You promised me, Henry, once the will is read and you get the money, you give it all to Audrey, right? Yeah. When you say " All "  Every single penny It's the only way we can get rid of her, and, quite frankly, I can't live with you anymore with you being under her influence. Oh, Sweetie, you don't mean that. You don't mean that.  I do. I do. You have to make a choice. The money and your mother or you and me and the way we used to be. Oh, Baby. I choose you, always.  Oh God Always.  Thank you.  Well, you look remarkably well.  For someone who spent days in a laundry hamper.  Oh. No hard feelings? Come on I really truly wasn't going to hurt you. I'm not that kind of mean " Kidnapper "?  Shh, shh, shh, shh Listen, you are getting quite a bundle for your time and trouble. That's the deal. Remember, after the funeral, after the will is read, Henry will give me the money, and you, you're going to get your share.  Are you sure Henry will come through?  Yeah, I'm positive. Leave my son to me, and tonight you and I are going to go to bed a whole lot richer than when we woke up. James was killed on your watch, and now your department is covering it up. We are doing no such thing. There are far more people that wanted him dead than alive, and some of them were conveniently very nearby when he had his fatal heart attack, and if I don't call that a suspicious death, I don't know what is. I agree. Then why was there no autopsy personal day yesterday. But I will look in to it. Then you agree with me that there should be official confirmation of death? Yes, I agree with you, and if there's any foul play involved Oh, there was. Of course there was. We will find out who is responsible, and they will be arrested. If it's not too late. Excuse me. Margo Hughes, Oakdale P.D. uh, there's been an error. James Steinbeck's body was released to you before an autopsy could be performed, so we need you to send the remains back to the medical examiner's office right away, please. Don't tell me. What? Is there a problem? Funeral-director Well, I'm afraid Mr. Stenbeck was embalmed this morning. I don't suppose you kept a sample of any bodily fluids? Damn. The man was barely dead. Since when do you work so quickly? Paul.  Henry, it's time. I'm sorry.  Yeah. Things will never be the same as long as she's here in Oakdale.  You know, I really think we should all go to the funeral together as a family, and that way we present a united front, not to mention the fact that then we can all be together for the reading of the will. What? They're reading the will today?  Yes. Why wait?  Oh, by all means. Let's get it over with, in case he wakes up again.  No. That's not going to happen. Not this time.  No. You would know. Okay, okay. All right. Let's just we got a funeral to go to, all right?  It's just so sad. You know, I just got my Jimmy back, and just to lose him again. Oh, don't didn't lose him. You dispatched him, and he was trying to pin it on me.  Yeah, that was a mistake.  Yeah, I'll say. Okay, you know what? Let's just have a truce until after the funeral. Is that okay?  I'm not promising anything.  Okay. I am going to be on my best behavior. I promise.  So, who's paying for all of this, anyway? Because just because Henry is James' son doesn't mean he owes him anything.  No worries. Big brother Paul is going to pay for the whole thing. You know, he's paying for the tombstone and the casket. In fact, he actually invited all of us over to a little reception at Fairwinds. It's very considerate of him, considering James didn't leave him a dime. What were you thinking, having James embalmed? Champagne? To celebrate what? You your father's money.  Alison, I didn't do it to hurt anybody. It was still dishonest.  I know. Okay, I know, and I hated it, but every time I tried to talk to my mom about taking the rap for what I did, she begged me not to. Is that your excuse?  No. Okay, no. But it's the reason I kept lying. I couldn't break her heart again. So, it's just by coincidence that by staying Riley Morgan you also saved your own hide? I mean, that's the truth of it, isn't it? Because if this were just about making your mother happy, you could have come back as yourself, faced the consequences of what you did to Maddie and Gwen. You know your mom and dad would have gotten you a killer defense attorney, and who knows? You might not even had to do time. But, personally, you can't serve on my jury, then. What jury? Adam Munson's a fugitive. You have reinvented yourself as Riley Morgan, war hero.  Yeah, and I wish I hadn't. Okay, I just want to be Adam again. You still can. It's not too late. I did what any normal next of kin would do. I called the funeral home, and I ordered a box for dead dad and a hole to put him in. It's all over but the shoveling, Mother. If you hadn't been so hasty, there would have been an autopsy, and the police would have found out that Audrey killed your father, most likely with Henry's help, and you would have had the entire inheritance coming to you. I don't care how he died. I'm just glad that he did. I want to make sure that he stays dead. So I called the funeral director, and Your paranoia erased any evidence of foul play. He doesn't care, Barbara You should have made him care, Emily He sacrificed his entire future here There's no sacrifice involved, believe me. Henry is welcome to the money, and he's welcome to the Stenbeck name, if he dares. I'm over it. Just like that? No, not just like that. It's taken me years. It's taken me my entire life to get over it. But now that it's finally here, I'm going to enjoy every moment of it. We suffered for years at your father's hand. I'm not going to walk away without anything for it. So, what are you going to do, steal the cufflinks off the body? Better get there before Audrey does. You know, Audrey thinks that Jimmy's death is her own personal cash box, but she's not going to get know what hit her. To James Stenbeck, the gift that keeps on giving. No. Unh-unh. From now on, that's Henry's problem.  I'm I'm the widow Stenbeck. Well, technically, I'm not, but in our hearts, we really were. Ignore her.  And this is James' son, the one he actually liked. What are you doing? What do you think I'm doing? It's not like he hasn't risen from the dead before.  Well, he looks extremely dead to me.  Well, you know what? You never can be too sure. Let's just get the show on the road, shall we? Funeral-director Will there be any other mourners? We're not mourners, but we're here. Is that him? Funeral-director I certainly hope so. Is that supposed to be some kind of a joke? It's funny. It is . Let's make sure the old guy's really dead. Yeah. He's serious. Excuse me. Yeah. He's definitely not breathing. He's really dead this time. How you feel? Like doing something completely inappropriate. You want to join me? You bet.  Oh. Doesn't he look so handsome? Funeral-director Would anyone like to share a memory of the departed? I guess not. Let's put the old guy in the ground.  Oh, Jimmy Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy My Jimmy Oh, baby (Audrey-crying)  Oh, Jimmy Hey. Wow, you look as bad as I feel. Yeah. I didn't get much sleep last night. How's your mom? She was a hermit in her room all night, but I could hear her crying. She went to work before me and my dad got up. My dad's torn up they going to do? Nothing. Either we turn him in, which means sending me and my mom to jail, or we keep lying, pretend my brother is a complete stranger. Is your dad okay with that? No. No, he's a wreck. He just doesn't want to send me and my mom to prison. Thank goodness. Yeah, tell me about it. I'm just I'm just, like, worried about him. I don't think he can handle living a lie. He's not built that way. Yeah. I don't know what I would do if I was in your dad's shoes. I'd probably have a hard time staying sober. I just don't think my parents' marriage can take it. Oh, they'll be all right. They'll figure it out. They both love Adam. That's that's got to bring them together. Yeah decided that he's paid for his crimes with all the pain he went through in Afghanistan. Now she wants a big, happy family with with a stranger named Riley. I just hate it. I hate all of it. He came to see me earlier. Adam? Why? To apologize. I know. I told him to forget it and that it wouldn't help. Yeah. I don't think anything will.  I knew you wouldn't rat me out, Mom. That's why I told you the truth. Let's face it, I mean, that was selfish. You know what? I don't want to hear this. No more, okay? Listen, when I thought that I would never see you again, I didn't know if I could get through the rest of my life, but here you are.  I can't have you lying for me anymore. It's my choice. It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of nowhere. Hmm?  Even if I have to do time, we'll still be together. We can talk. You can come visit me. No  I made a huge mistake, but I still have the time to make up for this. I need to do this, Mom If I can't set the record straight, how can I live with myself? (Margo-sighs)  I'm turning myself in. (Margo-gasping) You can not confess. Now, I have spent months covering up the truth. And look at the toll it's taken. Our family is being ripped apart. Okay, so it's been hard, but Tom knows the truth now, and I think, between the four of us, we can get through this.  Dad's not a liar. Oh, and Casey and I are?  You know that's not what I meant. he's in shock now, and it's going to take time, but I think that he and Casey are going to come around and move on with this.  Mom, you're fooling yourself Well, then, let me I have you back. This is a mother's miracle come true. You can't make me lose you again.  That's just it, Mom. You don't have me. All right, I can't be Adam, and I am not Riley Morgan. How am I supposed to go through life without an identity? It's a name Come on, it's a name, a rose by any other color  What about my friends, my career, my past? I can't own any of those things I'm just over here, floating The only thing I'm capable of is breaking our family apart. That's not a life. It's an existence, and that's about the rest of us? I mean, if you come forward with this, this implicates Casey and me. Casey will be in violation of his parole, and I will be kicked off the force.  I will not let that happen. Well, the only way to avoid that is to stick with the plan that we've got  No, there is another way, all right? But you're going to have to lie for me one more time.  Jimmy, come back Oh, my Jimmy (Audrey-crying) What are you crying about? You killed him  Hey Don't you touch the merchandise Hey  Oh, you want some more? Come on Enough. There's a dead body here. Bro, relax. Pop loved a good catfight.  You do not besmirch my Jimmy's good name. At least slander's not fatal.  I happened to love that man with all because you don't have a heart, do you? What do you run? How do you stay alive? Batteries? You only love James' money, not him.  Ah, no. I also loved him in bed. He was the best. We could go at it hour after hour. For the love of God, Mother, are we to be spared nothing?  Oh, Henry, stop being so fussy I have seen your costume collection, right, Sister Vienna? That's what does it for you, Henry? Nuns? Oh, nuns are hot. Paul. It's true  You know, if you two boys had only inherited half the talent in the bedroom that your dad had Oh, my God Make it stop, please  Come on, ladies. You know what I'm talking about.  I never slept with James  Well, that is a shame. all about him. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't you drag me into this. I'm here to support Paul. Okay. Enough reminiscing. The caterer's waiting.  Oh, come on. Come on. You come say good-bye. Say a proper good-bye to your daddy. Say it. What do you want me to do, kiss him?  Say it Come on This is enough, all right?  You really want to fight, don't you? Bring it, bitch. No, no, no, no, no. No bringing No bringing (Women-screaming)  I'll come forward, confess to stealing Riley Morgan's identity, admit to hiding the truth from everyone. It is not as simple as that, because in the eyes of the law, when you chose to come back as Riley Morgan, you did it to cover up for the crimes that you are going to have to answer to every charge in the book  Then I will take my punishment All right, but you have to pretend that you never knew who I was. No.  I know it's hard, Mom, but it is the only way. As much as I hate living a lie, I will not be responsible for you losing your job or your freedom. I have cost you so much already. I don't care I'm not going to lose you again  You won't. All right, you know where I'll be. In prison  At least we can see each other, unless we both go to jail, which is exactly why that can't happen, Mom. It can't. All right, Riley. If I do agree to this, what about Tom? What about Casey?  They'll say that this is the best possible solution. We need to do . Oh (Women-grunting) All right, all right (Others-shouting) Come on Come on Paul, what do we do now? I guess we bury the guy Maybe we should put a stake in his heart just to make sure. Does that thing lock from the outside? I think we're good. Are you coming?  Yeah. Just give me a minute to freshen up. It's show time. Officer Carlton, would you come in here, please? This is my son, Adam Munson. He has a federal warrant out for him. Would you please place him under arrest?  But, Chief Would you please just do it? Oh, what happened to our son? I'm just really kind of glad that you're not here to have to go through all of this. Oh, Hal. He's got such a good heart inside of him. So much good. I know do everything I can to make sure he gets a chance to show it. I just hope it's not too late. To the demise of James Stenbeck. To the end of the reign of terror. When I think back, everything James did to me all of these years, how he gas lighted me, he drugged me, had me locked up in an insane asylum. I could go on and on. But the worst thing that he did was try to make my son hate me, and yet here we are. We're all together, and he's dead, soon to be forgotten. Right. Selective amnesia. I tried for a really long time to get James out of my mind, but sometimes if I ate a little too much before bedtime, I'd have dreams of him choking the life out of me. I swear, if you hadn't shot him, he would have killed me. I should have aimed higher Are you kidding? In my family, that's like bonding. He's tried to kill me. He set me up for murder. He's pitted me against my mother for my entire life, and don't forget, when he couldn't take me out, he had a microchip installed in my brain. He figured, if he couldn't kill me, he could get me to destroy my own life, and then, when the doctors finally took it out, everything was empty. He couldn't kill me. He had me erased. It was temporary. Dad, if you're listening thanks for messing with my head. I've never been happier. I thought my mother was bad.  Where is Audrey, anyway? Miss her?  No, but she said she was right behind us.  Gather' round. Kids, time to read the will. Your mom is here. Mom, what's please? I need to talk to Casey alone for a minute. Of course. If this is about Adam, she knows. He and I told her, you know, the same day you told Dad. Really? Okay. Well, in that case, then you do need to be part of this conversation. Thank you. Your brother came in to the station and turned himself in. He's under arrest. Are you okay? No. No? You got to be a little relieved that we're not lying anymore. You know what? Right now I just want to concentrate on doing everything I can to protect your brother. Okay. I don't mean to sound selfish, but what about us? Are we in trouble for keeping this a secret? Well, as long as we keep our mouths shut, we're okay. Adam is going to claim that nobody knew the truth. That's the way he . Would you please? Don't do that. He didn't have to do this, you know, and I was prepared to spend the rest of my life protecting him, and you and your father would have done the same thing, no matter how hard it was. But Adam didn't want to put us through that. Or himself. Casey. He's right. He's right. Underneath it all, Adam couldn't live with the lie any more than we could. So he's taking responsibility for his actions, and he's let us off the hook. What happened?  You and Mom were at each other's throats, and Casey hated me more than normal. Lying just wasn't worth it anymore. Did you make a statement?  Not yet. You were right, Dad. I can never be a good man unless I'm willing to own up to the worst things I've done. Be the mother know?  Yeah, but I'm going to cover for her and Casey. I put them in an impossible situation. They shouldn't have to pay for that. I can't keep them out of trouble if you won't help me. I know it's a hell of a lot to ask. You put this family between a rock and a hard place. Now there's several ways to play this. Nobody wins.  I was stupid and thoughtless, and I'm sorry, but we're here now. All right, I've tried to think of some other way of coming clean without you having to lie for me, but it's impossible. This is the least bad lie I can think of. It is all my fault. I'm willing to take all the blame. Will you help me? I don't have an answer for you right now.  Dad. I'm sorry.  I leave my estate to my is so unexpected. It is criminal, and it won't hold up in court There won't be any court. Henry, you're welcome to the money. I hope you enjoy it. Best of luck.  We have all the luck we need, don't we?  That is so sweet. We have so much to talk about, Sweetheart. We have a lot to talk about.  Oh, wait a minute. Hang on. We have a lot to talk about, too  Ditto Okay, Mother. Let it rip. You know what? In times like this, I wish you had a little bit more of your father in you. What a horrible thing to say The curse of the Stenbeck millions. What did Henry ever do for James except perhaps kill him? Public service, if you ask me. Would you just wake up? This is the second time, and he didn't do it because he wants to make Henry or Dusty's life any easier. He's trying to make you suffer. Well, he failed. Cut it out, Mom. The money is just not important to me. Really? What is? Emily. Play nice or we'll make you sit next to Audrey at the wedding. Did I hear you correctly? You don't have to lie anymore, Casey. Why aren't you happy? Is it me, or even after everything he's done, Adam still comes out looking like the hero? I mean, he ran out on the family. He broke my mom's heart, and even after he confesses under pressure, it's like he's doing all of us some favor. I understand why you might see it that way, but I really think he heard what we were telling him. I mean, he's trying to make up It's too late. Well, he's going to prison, Casey. We'll see. You know, he's so slick, I wouldn't be surprised if he got off without doing any time at all. That's not going to happen. Whatever. If we all agreed to keep this quiet, it already split up our family so much. I'm just scared it's going to be permanent. You know? Saw Adam at the police station. I know what has to be done. Well, it's not perfect, but it's a justice of sorts, isn't it? So, you all right? I don't want my son to go to prison, but at least he's alive, and I'll know where he is. I can go and see him. And what about us? I don't know. You tell me. Well, we've lied to always turned out badly, and there's only so much that one person can do without shutting down. It wasn't an attack. You didn't trust me. I have always trusted you to do the right thing, but with this, I need you to do the wrong thing. And what did you expect? I expected I thought, I hoped, that you would be happy that Adam was alive. I mean, after all, Tom, you did raise him as your own son, and, yes, he went through this nightmare of a period where he made one horrific choice after the other, but then does that just make him Hal's son? Do you love him any less now? Of course not. Sometimes I think I probably love him a little more, but this is a complicated situation. And I hated lying to you, but losing Adam was so painful, I just wanted my son back. to me. Now, I know that I have made mistakes. I know that, but it's over now, and I know that Adam is going away again. I think that's a big enough price to pay. Don't you? Don't you?  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Where are you two going? Home.  Uh, no. We have unsettled business.  Oh, please. Henry just buried his father.  Oh, good grief Don't give me that sob story. You both hated Jimmy. We don't have the money yet, Mother. It was a will, not an atm.  Okay. No problemo. Let's see, let's see. I'll go get some stationery out of the desk, and then you can draw up a sworn statement, telling me you're going to give me all of it free and clear. You pay me, I pay the No, no. My money, my terms. I give you enough to take care of the lawyer, and then you can take care of Ray Zuma, and then we'll see.  No We won't see You told Audrey she would get it all. " All " means all, the whole amount, Henry. Please don't tell me you're changing your mind. No, no, no, no, no, no Sweetie, no I'm having second thoughts, that's all.  Second thoughts? You were born. That is it. I did all the real work. I wouldn't advertise that if I were you.  Oh, son. So, you want to fight, is that it? Okay. I'll tell you what, you go to the police, and you tell them that I killed Jimmy. Well, there's no evidence. It's your word against me. By the I kept the murder syringe.  You wouldn't dare. No. Henry Coleman wouldn't, but Henry Stenbeck, that's a whole other matter. I would count your lucky stars there, Mom, okay? You don't have to run from Ray anymore, but if I were you, I'd skip town before Barbara figures out a way to charge you with murder.  Oh, son, you know you're not going to get rid of me that easily. Come on.  No You said you were choosing me, not the money I'm choosing both, Sweetheart Look, it's just money, Liebchen. It's a means to an end. Why can't we give Audrey enough to satisfy her and then keep the rest for ourselves?  No, because Audrey won't be satisfied until she gets it all, and until then, she is going to make every single day of our lives a nightmare, which is to get rid of it, otherwise it's going to ruin our lives. You told my mother that you were planning a wedding. Hmm? Did you mean it? Yeah. It just sort of slipped out. Okay. Did you mean it? I'm not sure. Okay. Let's say, for argument's sake, that you did mean it. Why now? Because. Because I was so impressed with you today. You were impressed with me? Yes, I was impressed with you, because you could have gone after James' money and all the power that went along with it, but you didn't. You weren't even tempted. You just walked away. I loved that. No. Chicks love money. Chicks love power. Been there, done that. With you, actually. Among others. It's not worth it. So, what's worth it? Wow. I've been accused of a lot of things. Trust worthy's not among them. Yeah. You know what? If you had asked me a month ago, no way, but today, right now, definitely. I trust you, Paul. And, you know, doesn't hurt that no one turns me on like you do, so So you'll marry me. Do you think we can can we do it better this time around? James is dead. It's a whole new world. Okay. So, the curse is over. I will marry you. Next week on " As the World Turns " I'm your partner's new partner. Oh, no, you're not.  Marry me.  What are you going to do, Eb?  I could shoot you.  I want to hear you say the words.  I slept with Lily. 
Oh Jack You're back already. We we flew in last night. I'm just getting in now. I can see that. I hope the rest of your trip was a success. It was good. Yours? Yeah, yeah. We got a lot of helpful information from the specialists. Great. And Liberty? Is she okay? Off and on. She's still angry. But right now, that's probably a good thing. I think so, too. So, what are you doing here? S sorry. Yeah, I had to pick up this permission slip for Sage's school trip. Yeah, right. I I think I was supposed to have that in a couple of days ago. You've had a lot on your mind. So have you. Well, at some point, we need to talk about, uh, their winter breaks. How about right now? You have no choice. I mean, I have to save up, uh thank you I have to save up vacation days, you know, for our wedding, I mean, unless you want to get married in the on-call room on one of my five-minute breaks. Yeah. I was actually wondering if my granddad can perform the ceremony, like like the captain of a ship. No. No way. We are having a real church wedding with all the trimmings, even if it kills me. See, that's the thing, you know? At this rate, I don't think you're gon na make it to Valentine's Day. I'm worried. You're so tired all the time. Well, I I try to sleep, but I can't. I mean, it's I keep having these weird dreams and waking up. What kind of dreams? (Alison-remembering) Dreaming What are you doing here?  I I don't even remember them. You you're just stressed out, you know, working, planning the wedding. You know, maybe you should let me take care of the wedding plans. Yeah. I don't think so. I'm not getting married in some after-hours basement club with Weezer playing our wedding march. Um, and why not? That sounds good to me. Seriously, we need to find out what can help you sleep. And I, of course, have a few ideas. Yeah, I'm sure you do. Mm. You know, you're right though. I was just it's just pre-wedding stress. I'll be fine. Mm-hmm. (Emily-remembering)  Emily, what are you doing here? (Emily-gasps) You still got this. What? Oh. Yeah, we, uh we got this when we went to that, uh, Cubs game together. ago. A whole other life. Take it if you want it. It's yours. No. I couldn't do that. This is its home. It belongs here. So, we're, uh we're cool with Sage taking that ski trip with the Thompson's? Yeah. She's been talking about it for weeks. J.J .'s been researching the trails for her from school and and e-mailing her. It sounds like she's gon na have a great time. Well, good. Then I'll give her the thumbs-up when she gets home today. She'll be thrilled. And and I guess, uh, Parker, uh his plans are gon na be on hold until he figures out what's gon na happen with that that brace. You know, I think he'd probably want to stick around anyway to be near Liberty. Yeah, you're probably right. So, that we didn't need the coffee. Listen, Carly, what I said to you in New York, I I shouldn't have said it. You mean you when you told me that you thought like you were being unfaithful to me while you were with Janet? Yeah. Well, I wish that you'd realized that a little earlier. I know. But I didn't I didn't want it to raise expectations. Well, how can it? You can't have it both ways, Jack? You made the choice to go back to Janet, try to work things out. Yes, I know that, but it was unfair of me. I'm sorry. It just slipped out. The truth often does. (Doorbell-rings) I'm gon na get that. Hello, Janet. Hi. I'm sorry to barge in on you like this. It's it's no problem. Is Liberty, sure. Sorry. Great. Thank you. No, really. It's okay. Um, actually, I'm here because of Liberty. The doctors in New York said that we should build a support team around her, surround her with people who are positive and that will keep her motivated while she's going through the treatments. That sounds like a very smart idea. Do you need to get something out of the kitchen? No. I I thought I heard something. Anyway, I I'm sure that Parker will help in any way that he can. I know he will. I know that. I was also kind of hoping that you'd pitch in. Me? Yeah. Uh, you can say no. Uh, I would understand that after everything that we've been through and our situation. I'm surprised you're even asking. Well, this is about Liberty, not me, and up to you, and you have fashion in common and You don't have to sell me on it, Janet. I'm in. You are? Of course. Thank you. Okay. We all want to keep our kids safe. It matters to us more than anything. The last few nights, I've been sneaking into her room after she's already gone to bed, just to Sighs Just to watch her breathe, like I did when she was a baby. And last night, she woke up, and she caught me staring at her, and she could see the pain, the fear in my eyes. And I just ended up making her feel more scared. You know, I'm supposed to be making her feel strong and brave. But I I ended up making her more afraid that she's gon na die.  You seem upset. No, it's, uh it's odd when I when I walked in here seeing it  Go on. It triggered something.  What? I don't know, some kind of memory or  Of what? I am not sure. That that's the thing. I can't remember. The the memory's gone.  But it troubled you. Does that make sense?  Well, it could be of no real consequence. Your body's getting back into the swing of things from the coma. I would imagine that a lot of odd sensations will come with that. Yeah. Stammers I can't shake the sense that the memory had something to do with what happened to me right before I passed out.  Well, it could be that your mind is trying to make sense of it by, uh, going through random memories. I'm no psychologist, but that seems to be the most logical explanation, don't you think? know.  Listen to me. Are you listening, Emily? Sometimes it's best not to remember. Some memories are too painful. Some memories are too painful.  You need to focus on the future, on having a baby with Paul. Your body and your mind are ready. Time to get the ball rolling, okay? You're right. It's time. I wish you would stop being so negative about Mick. He's trying to help you and Emily. I'm just curious, Mother, why all of the sudden it seems like you are this guy's biggest fan. Because he's a good person and because because he's trying to help you. And you need to give him another chance. Explain to me why I should do that? Okay, then, Paul, trust me on this, all right? Because pretty soon, you're gon na see that he really has our best interests know what that means. Do you know something about this guy that I don't know that you need to clue me in on? Okay, stop it right now. Stop turning my innocent comments into something darker. Well, maybe all of your comments aren't so innocent. That proves my point. No, something odd is going on with the two of you, and it's been going on since he's been sticking you with his needle. I beg your pardon. There is something very strange happening here, and I want to know what it is Groans You know, I could always, uh, blow off this meeting with my dad and stay. You are terrible Aah And hell-bent on breaking the agreement we made to wait. Yeah, but what do you expect? I'm a guy. You're hot. Well, listen, guy. You're gon na have to some sleep, or else I'll lose my hotness. Oh, that is impossible. Bye. Sweet dreams. (Alison-sighs) (Alison-chants) 89, 88, 87, 86 85 (Alison-dreaming) Why are we here?  Come inside and find out. I keep breaking down in front of you. I'm sorry. This is embarrassing. It shouldn't be. It's completely understandable. Well, there's no time for that. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I have too much to do for Liberty. What if I I got her involved in some kind of design project? It might take your mind off of being sick, and she really is very talented. Do you really think so? Absolutely. Well, then, I think that would be great. Good. I'll get to work on that right away. (Janet-sighs) Thanks. Thanks for putting up with me. Janet and strong. I don't feel like I've been much of either. Trust me. You are. Thanks. I'm glad you stopped by. Me too. Would you mind telling me what the hell you were doing in there all this time? Mick, are you here? You guys have done so much already, and I want to thank you for that. You know, you've both really made Ali feel like she's part of the family. Well, I wish you two all the happiness in the world. Yes. It's about time you got some. Tell me about it. I want you to know I'm very proud of you. Yeah? Even with my, uh, decision to become a lawyer like you? If that's what you want. It is. I I've been looking into all the prelaw courses I have to take you know, I'm up for a challenge. Good, good, as long as you know what you're in for. Yeah. A bunch of all-nighters. I'm not talking about the classes, Case. What do you mean? Um, this may be really hard for you, so you need to go into this with your eyes wide-open. Um, you may not be able to pull this off. I don't want to discuss this anymore. I just want to see my granddaughter. Okay, but this conversation's not over. (Barbara-sighs) What conversation? Oh, good. You're both here. Hi, Emily. How are you feeling? Fine. Better than fine. Like nothing ever happened. That's wonderful. Hi, Mick.  Barbara. I'm gon na go, um, upstairs and see my granddaughter. Excuse me, would you? What's going on Everything's wonderful. Mm. Better than wonderful. I'm so happy you're home. Yeah, me too. I'm glad you're feeling better. I am. Much better. And I'm ready. You're ready? You're ready for what? To focus on our future on making our baby. It's time to get the ball rolling. I was going to come out. But you couldn't find the doorway? Well, I hesitated, and then by that time, it was too late. Too late for what? Well, it would have looked strange, me waiting all that time, so I just I stayed in there. Did you feel like you had something to hide? No. But Janet, she tends to Tends to what? Jump to conclusions. And I didn't want that. She's pretty mixed up right now, and I didn't like we were doing anything wrong, Jack. We were just having a cup of coffee. Is that really all it was? No. And if we both know that What are we gon na do? I can't keep pretending anymore, Carly. Jack, maybe we should talk. We never stopped loving each other. So what are we gon na do? Are we gon na stay away from each other from now on, pretend that we don't know the other exists? I can't do that. I can't either. Laughs What? What's so funny? Oh I made a pact with Molly yesterday. We decided that we were gon na give up on men and focus on work. Now you've come along, and you've made that impossible. I'm sorry. It's not like any of this was planned. That's the problem, isn't it? to not love you so much. How am I supposed to do that? Are you serious? You're thinking about having a baby right now? I never stopped wanting to have a baby with you. Really? You didn't stop when you were in a coma? That's what you were thinking about? " Oh zzz baby. " Don't do that. Don't don't act like that. What? Actually, I think for once, I'm the one who's being responsible. This is what we've wanted. This is what we've always wanted. It's it's the reason for Mick's treatments. It's what we've talked about and and been excited about for weeks. I don't understand why suddenly, you're so hesitant. Because you just got out of the hospital, and I don't think your body is ready to deal with having a baby. Because he says so? Mick's not even a doctor.  You're right. I'm not. So your opinion doesn't mean much, does it?  Well, Paul, my treatments have been going very successfully with Emily. Yeah, until she wound up in the hospital. Sighs Do you mind? This is kind of a private conversation.  Of course. Well, Eliza is sound asleep, and I didn't want to wake her up, so That's just as well. Emily and I have some things we need to discuss. Everything all right? Everything's fine. I'd like for us to be left alone. Oh. Well, Mick, I I think I am due for another treatment, if you have the time.  Matter of fact, I do. Good. I'll call you later. What is going on? Nothing. Nothing? Did I No, I am ready to move forward with getting pregnant, and for some reason, you are suddenly against it. I never said I was against it. But you don't want to have a child with me anymore, do you? I I get shafted because of my prison record? No, no, I'm not telling you to give up on this dream. Okay. So what then, you know? I I just shouldn't expect so much for myself? No. The D.A ., mayor, members of the city council they may all decide to weigh in on this thing. And and not in a good way? You know, so much for a great new start. You are making a great new start. Your mom and I are incredibly proud of you. You're staying out of trouble. Your grades are up. You're doing really well at your job. You And then what does it come to at the end of the day, Dad, huh? I'm still an ex-con. I guess I'm gon na have this thing hanging over me for the rest of my life. But it doesn't have to limit you. No, it just prevents me from finding a real career. What kind of husband is that gon na make me? When are you going to tell Paul the truth?  When I feel the time is right. And when is that gon na be? He's already far too suspicious of you.  No. He's suspicious of Mick Dante. But he's still allowing me to live at Fairwinds. Did you ever think that's maybe because he wants to keep an eye on you?  Well, I have no doubt about it. My son's no fool. I'm glad you recognize that.  Living at Fairwinds gives me an advantage. him, as well. And when I feel like he's ready, I can tell him everything. Somehow, I think there's more to this story than that.  You know me too well, Barbara. And I'm curious about something else, too.  What's that? How have you managed to have Emily not remember that you were with her when she slipped into a coma, in fact, that you caused it?  It wasn't hard. I can be very persuasive. That's not an answer.  It's the only one you're gon na get. A magician never reveals his secrets. Magic is only an illusion. I thought we were dealing with science.  We are dealing with miracles. And my miracles are not progressing as quickly as I would have liked.  You are so impatient. Don't you feel younger? Yes. I'd like the rest of me to follow suit As radiant as Alison Stewart?  Exhales sharply Are we back to this? I would feel a lot more confident and less suspicious if you weren't chasing her around like a schoolboy behind the bleachers. Of course I want to have a child with you, Emily. But not at the expense of your health. It won't be. I'm fine. It's time to get the ball rolling. Okay, see, when you talk like that, when you say things like that, it's like it's like you're not even you. Well, you know what? When you talk, you don't sound like you either. You sound like someone who doesn't love me. Of course I love you. Someone who doesn't want to have a child with me. That's why I want us to be careful. I don't want something to go wrong because we didn't take a little take the time to have a full medical workup first. I don't need a full medical workup. They never would have released me from the hospital if I wasn't perfectly normal. I'm fine, and Mick agrees. Mick is not a doctor. He half the time, I don't even know what the guy is talking about If you are turning your back on Mick, you are turning your back on us and our future. No, I am not. I'm trying to protect our future. You no. All I want to do is keep you safe. That's all I want. And that way, nothing will go wrong when you do get pregnant. Please, you need to trust me. Where are you going? I'll be back. (Emily-sobs) What the hell are you doing, Ali? It's lovely. What's the occasion?  Does there have to be a A reason? No. A motive? Most definitely.  Look inside at the inscription. " From J to B, with eternal love. " Charming.  And sincere. It's it's beautiful.  It's a token of my appreciation and undying affection. Really?  I want to thank you for believing in me, believing in second chances. You're welcome. What's the catch?  There's no catch. There are no strings attached whatsoever. And why don't I believe you?  I promise you, Barbara, everything you want, you will have. Paul, Honey What the hell did you do to her?  Whoa I have no idea what you're talking about. What the hell did you do now? Let him go Did you or did you not tell her that she was ready to get pregnant?  I told her that she was ready was no reason she couldn't. Based on what? On what information is that based on?  My test results. I don't care about your stupid little test results. Would you  I have been monitoring her blood work and her organ functions very close. My wife is not a lab rat. Calm down, Paul. You understand something. You are in my house because my wife wants you there, but I don't like it Now you back off, and I mean now, or you will be thrown out of my life and my house so fast, your head will spin. Do you understand me? I'm sorry. There you are. I I thought I'd be home before you. W where did you go? Um, I just I went for a walk. I couldn't sleep. You were shaking. What's up? I'm . Will you just hold me? Yeah, gladly. You're so warm. Don't let go, okay? I should go. Yeah. You gon na be okay? What choice do I have? Listen, Carly, thank you. For what? For agreeing to help Liberty, being there for her treatments. Oh, yeah. Of course. I know it means a lot to her, having you in her corner. Whatever I can do. You're amazing. You know that? No. I'm just a mom. And when I think about one of our kids being in that situation, I'd be going crazy myself. I'd want all the help I could get. What about us? There can be no us. And I'll deal with that the best I can and because I have to. I will hide my feelings. That's what . Calm down, calm down, calm down. I'm calm. Let him go, okay? Paul, let him go. Let go of him. Thank you. I don't want you giving my wife any more of your so-called advice.  I assure you, I have no intention of interfering with your marriage or of causing Emily any harm. Well, guess what? You failed.  Well, she asked my opinion, and I told her what I thought that she is ready to get pregnant. You don't know anything about my wife.  I understand that this is a decision that the two of you have to make together. I won't cross that line again. Excuse me. What the hell was that all about? What are you doing? That was me defending my family That's something you might want to try sometime You absolutely refuse to give that man any credence at all take every single word that he says as gospel. I have faith in him. That's something that you might have a little bit of if you had helped All I need is assurance that nothing else is gon na happen to Emily Mick is giving you that. Sighs What is that? What? That ring. Look at it. You didn't have that on earlier. I just put don't change the subject here Let me see that. Wow. Mick give you that? What difference does that make? Well, you're " B, " I guess. " From J to B, with eternal love. " Huh. Who the hell is " J "? I don't know. Mick found it in an antique store. No, he didn't. That inscription that's new. Why would a guy named Mick put a " J "? Who is this I can't tell you. I'm sorry. I can't believe there aren't any other lawyers who have a criminal record. There probably are. I'm just saying it's gon na be a nightmare to get the bar to approve. I mean, letters of recommendation, proof of good conduct. Well, you have plenty of people who would vouch for you. I'll be the first. I'll write whatever you want. See? You're the best. I love you. I love you. And I'm I'm sorry. Hey, I haven't given up yet. But if your heart was set on having a lawyer as a husband, you might want to rethink that. My heart is set on you only you and I want you to do whatever makes you happy. And if that's law, then then we'll do whatever you need. We'll get the letters bar that that you're the best lawyer to come along since your father. We might have to shoot a little lower. I'm just saying that I'm backing you up in whatever you do. I love you for that. Just promise me something. What is it? That you'll never leave me, ever. No. I will do all I can, Alison, to always take care of you. I want to be the best husband, always, and that's a promise. Mm-hmm.  Emily. Oh, you you're back. I'm sorry.  What's going on? Is it Paul? Talk to me. We had a fight. I tried to convince him that I'm ready to move forward with getting pregnant, but he wouldn't hear it. He doesn't want a child with me, and he doesn't trust you.  I know. He came to 'm sorry. Are you okay?  Everything's fine, Emily. Everything's not fine. He doesn't want this. He won't let me move forward with the IVF process.  Well it's not his body. It's yours. You can make this decision yourself. Well, obviously, I can't make a baby on my own, and Paul does play a pretty big part in it.  Then, uh that's why if Paul's not willing to give you a baby right now, then I will. Hi. Hi. I missed you. Where have you been? I, uh I ran some errands, and then I had to check in at the station. Are you okay? You look upset. No, I'm fine. How's Liberty? Scoffs I don't know. She barely said a word at breakfast, and she left to go to school early. 's a good sign. I hope so. Uh I went to see Carly today. Oh, yeah? Yeah. About what? Well, you know how the doctors said that we should put together a support team for her? I asked Carly to join it. I mean Liberty likes Carly, and they have a lot in common, you know, as far as the fashion thing goes. And I figured that if if Carly can give something to Liberty, something to do that will keep her positive and and staying upbeat, then I think that's a good thing. Hey, you're not gon na get an argument from me. So we'll take it day by day, see how it goes. I think you're handling this great. Really ?' Cause I don't think I am. The whole time I was there, I kept saying, " I can't believe I'm here away, never see her again. " Yes, but you kept that to yourself for Liberty's sake. For Liberty's sake. So I repeat, I think you're handling this great. Just tell me I don't have to worry about anything else. What do you mean? I mean as far as you and Carly is what I mean. You don't have to worry about anything else. I needed to hear that. On the next " As the World Turns, " Surprise Oh What do you think you're doing?  Saving you. I know. That's why if you refuse to father my baby, Mick will be happy to do it.  Are you ready, Emily? This is what I want. 
It's a gift a token. Hmm. You know something about this guy, and you're not telling me. It's like you have more loyalty to Mick than you have to me. That is not true. And this inscription " From' J' to' B' with eternal love. " Well, Mother, you've always been the " B, " but what's a " J "? I don't know Mick found it in an antique shop. And had it inscribed? Why? I don't know I don't give it to me. And he just randomly chose the letter " J "? Let's forget for a moment, shall we, the very obvious fact that you were married to a guy named James, somebody who we would all rather forget I admit that Mick is a little mysterious, maybe a little off, but he's also brilliant. You know something about this guy, and you He means us no harm Who is this guy? He is the man who saved your wife's life He is the man who's going to give the two of you a baby Where are you going? If you're not gon na tell me who Mick Dante really is, I'll go find out for myself. You're offering to  To give you the baby that you want. If Paul refuses to do it, then I will. Yeah, but I don't just want a baby. I want Paul's baby.  What's more important? The baby's DNA, or carrying a child to term with Paul beside you? Experiencing the birth with him? Raising it together? Paul wouldn't want me to have a baby with you.  Well, he wouldn't have to know. Do you think I can lie to him about something like this?  All you the child you were carrying was his. I won't do that.  So you're refusing to give Paul the family that he wants? He wouldn't want me to have a I can't think. I can't think. I need a minute.  You want a baby. Paul wants a baby. No, the only way I can get pregnant is through I.V.F. He would know he would know if he made his contribution. It's impossible.  Anything's possible. No, I can't do that to him. He would be so humiliated if he knew that I was pregnant with somebody else's child. I can't  Emily I can't do that to him. I know you're only trying to help. I know that.  Are you listening, Emily? If Paul raises the child with you, then it will be his child. If you're happy, Paul will be happy to be happy. Paul wants me to be happy.  If we move quickly, you can be pregnant before you know it. It's what you want. Who's the present for? Ah, it's for Alison. Where is she? She's upstairs napping. What's up? Oh, we're going to throw her a bridal shower today. Isn't that happening this weekend? What? Yeah, all the nurses are throwing her a shower. This isn't it? Oh, man, Susan. I told her to invite all the nurses to this one today. Oh Can you get Alison to the Lakeview in half an hour? Yeah, sure. Oh, great. Oh, hey, Alison Hey. Hey, hey, hi I got to go. Got to go. Got to go, so, bye. Got to go. Um, talk to go. How did you sleep? Everything I tried, but I couldn't. Do you want me to help with dinner? No, no. In fact, why don't, uh why don't you guys head over to Lakeview? That is a great idea. Would you want to go? Okay. Margo ducked out of here pretty fast, and now you and your dad are trying to get me to go to the Lakeview. Why? ' Cause I'm starving, and it's a known fact that no one here can cook. True, true. Okay, just please try to tell me you're not trying to ambush me with some surprise bridal shower or something. That's it. That's exactly what we're gon na do. No, come on. You're having it this weekend. Okay. Okay, but if somebody if somebody ends up yelling " Surprise, " you hoo, hoo. I swear. So, how soon could I actually be pregnant?  Within a few days. I need to talk to Paul about this first.  Hey, I guarantee you, if you come with me and do this procedure right now, you won't regret it. Imagine how you'll feel when you're holding your baby. But it won't be Paul's.  Are you listening, Emily? Paul will raise the child with you. It will belong to both of you. To both of us.  Let's go now. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What, um what time is it?  What difference does that make? Because I can't be late. What time is it?  Be late for what? I'm meeting my mother. I'm meeting my mother and Alison I'm meeting Alison She's getting That's not happening. Why are you so against my sister getting married?  I didn't mean to snap at you, but we don't have a lot of time. We need to get your eggs harvested today. But what about the shower? It's important to me.  Well, then you can still go. After the procedure. I made arrangements at the local clinic. They can see us now. Wait a minute. Why a clinic? Why not Memorial?  Well, this way, no one has to know. Paul doesn't have to know until the time is right. How will I know when the time's right?  Well, we don't have time to dissect every detail, okay? We need to go now. Okay, wait. Something about this just doesn't feel right to me.  Are you listening, Emily? Yes.  Whenever you think about this pregnancy, whenever anyone it's what you want. It's what you've always wanted. It's what I want. Where is everybody? Where's Susan? I'm here. I'm here. I was just calling to check on Emily. She said she'd be here, but I guess she's running late. Well, where is everyone else? Well, Kim is not gon na be here because she's doing a remote for WOAK. But she did drop off a present. Oh. Where are all of Alison's friends? Well, they're throwing her a shower this weekend, and, uh Katie? She's busy with the baby. Nancy? Nancy was under the weather, so she's very sorry. She sent her present along with Kim. So it's just us. And Emily. If she ever answers her phone. She just got out of the hospital a couple of days ago her. Well, she would call if there were a problem. Susan, you know that I wanted this to be a great big " Welcome to the family " party for Alison. Well, now, you know, it is going to be, because first of all, she's got her mother here, she's got her mother-in-law-to-be here, and you're both getting along for a change, which in itself is a marvelous present. Oh, come on, guys. Now get excited. We have to make this a festive occasion. We're gon na jump up and down, and we're gon na yell " Surprise " when Alison comes in, right? Yes. No. No, I know my daughter. No, she doesn't like having a fuss made over her. If we get all boisterous, she'll be embarrassed. How do you expect to have a surprise party if you don't yell " Surprise "? . No need to ride to the rescue of your friend Mick. He's not here. Emily's not here, either. Hey, Emily, will you please call me when you get this? Did they leave together? I don't know. Nanny didn't know, either. Okay. Maybe that's a good thing, Honey. It'll give some time just to settle down and think things through a little bit. What are you doing? Paul, that's Mick's. It certainly is. Stop, okay? Stop. Don't do this. Don't alienate anybody. Don't upset anybody. There's got to be something in here that explains what this guy's after, where he's from, something. Why don't you just ask him? Well, I have, asked him, Mother, but he's like you. I can't get a straight answer out of him, either. You will reveal his plan to you. What plan? His plan for his formulas, for his work. Does this plan include Emily? Well, yes. She's a part of his work. Hey Who is this guy? What does he want? He wants to help us. That's all. Is Emily with him right now? I don't know. You're upsetting yourself over nothing, Paul. Nothing? Okay, you may be okay with him messing with your health, with your future, but I will be damned if I ever hurt my wife. Surprise I thought you swore that you didn't plan anything. I had nothing to do with this. It was them. Look at her, look at her, look at that face. Do you think I would fight with them? Do you? Who could? Yes. Well, are you surprised? much? No, no, not at all. I found out a little late that you don't like surprises. Oh, no, not this one, you know? This one's special. Ow. You out. Yes, my work here is done. I love you. Okay, you're a dead man. I'm aware of that. Bye. Let's have cake and open presents. Oh, I'm all up for that. Where's Emily? She's on her way. I hope.  Are you ready, Emily? Sighs This is what I want. I think you and Casey will both enjoy this. A ha. And it's see-through. Wow. You can be the best cook in the whole wide world, but you've got to keep your hubby happy in the boudoir. Boy, I would have given anything to have a little You know, Lisa, you are just storm-trooping into " Too much information " territory. Come on. We're all adults. And we've all been married. Some of us more times than others. Well, yes. And thank goodness for that. You've got to realize, Darling, your son is a grown man. And Alison certainly knows her way around sex. Oh, my God. Since they've both been married before. Okay Are there any more presents to open? I'll go buy some. Come on, we're just having a little girl talk. It's fine. Lisa, I love it. And I'm sure Casey will, too.  Alison. Hey, surprise. What's this supposed to be? This is your surprise bachelor party. Now, I was gon na invite more people, but I didn't even think about this till right beer for us, right? Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Here you go. Where's the pizza? It's in the oven, warming. You took a little longer to get back than I expected. Yeah, I stayed around the Lakeview a little while, make sure Alison was okay. You know, she seemed like she was having a good time. Mom, on the other hand, was a little tense, though. Yeah, about that Listen, she shouldn't worry. She shouldn't? No, Alison really likes her. I know they had their stuff in the past, but it's all over now. Okay, so, how you feeling about your mom these days? What do you mean? Well, Case, come on. I mean, you guys went through a pretty tough patch there last year. Look, I'm not gon na after Adam left. Well, that was a hard time for all of us. I know, I know. And that was partly because of me. But I'm over it. So can you tell her that, please? I could tell her that. Let's see now. There was something else that I wanted to talk to you about. Oh, why weddings make everyone freak out? Do they? I mean, Mom's become like a psycho event planer. Alison can't sleep, and look we're drinking in the middle of the day, right? How about you? You having any trouble sleeping these days? Wait, is this about the separate bed thing? Yeah, look, I know that it's none of my business, but when Mom and I invited you and Alison to stay here, I guess we just kind of assumed that you two would Sleep together? It's bothering know if I would exactly put it that way. But it's not like Alison and I haven't had sex before. Ohh Hey, forget I asked. I'm just messing with you. Relax. Anything else going on that we should know about? No, no. Alison just has this idea of us being hands-off until the wedding night, you know? So it could be more romantic. So, how's that working for you? I'm ready to kill someone at a moment's notice. I'll keep that in mind. But since your girl wants something special, shouldn't you be doing I mean, shouldn't you be a little more romantic on the honeymoon? I was gon na talk Grandma into giving us a honeymoon suite at the Lakeview. Do something fancy for her on the honeymoon. Dad, we don't we can't afford it right now. I'll pay Kim. Oh. Oh, wow. They're monogrammed towels. " H " for Hughes. That is so beautiful. I think it's a bit presumptuous. Mom, they're pretty. You're reading hostility into a towel? No, it's presumptuous to assume that Alison's going to change her name. Are you? Well, I'm sure she can't wait to be a Hughes. I know that, when I married Bob, I could hardly wait to be Mrs. Bob Hughes. Well, she's a little different, okay? She's a professional woman. Why should she be bound by an archaic custom to take her husband's name? Honestly, I really haven't even thought about it, but You know, why don't we just leave it up to her? Maybe she just wants to hyphenate her name. Oh, yeah, right Alison Stewart-Hughes. Rolls Alison, what do you think? Alison? Excuse me. I just have to go to the bathroom. Well, now, isn't this great? This silly family feud. You've just ruined the whole party. So she's still not picking up? No. But, you know, Alison's having a bridal shower. Maybe Emily's just there. Well, that's where she is. She's off having fun somewhere, and Mick is doing research. Yeah, I'll bet he is. You know, its important work, too. I mean, look at me. I look years younger, don't you think? Well, maybe there's just an improvement. Sure thing. You have to give it time, Honey. I mean, without Mick, Emily could lose her last chance to conceive and have a child with you. Plenty of other ways to get your hands on a kid wants this pregnancy. She's your wife. If you love her as much as you say you do, you'll understand that you have to learn to like Mick. I would love to give Emily the family that she wants so badly. But not this, okay? Not like this, not now, and not with this guy around. Why don't you trust him? I broke into his room. You what? And do you know what I found there? Pictures of me when I was a kid. Did you give him those pictures? No, of course not. You know who else was in the photographs? Dad. So you want me to trust Mick Dante? You give me one good reason why he would have even one photograph of James Stenbeck.  Where are you taking me? Moving you away from the lounge so my mother and Margo can't see you.  Why? You afraid that they'll to each other? You mean nothing to me. And I told you to leave me alone.  And I have. Then what were you doing here?  I live here. I meant I meant, what were you doing there, staring at me?  And you weren't staring at me? Just answer the question.  Well, I came by to get something to eat, and I saw you, and I hesitated. I didn't want to interrupt your your party. It's my bridal shower.  Mm. All the more reason to assume that I would be unwelcome. Right.  You having fun? Yes.  Good. Right. Well, thank you for not coming in.  You're welcome. You know what I think? I don't care what you think.  I think you're putting on a good show for the ladies. I am not.  someone else. You're wrong. Gasps What do you think you're doing?  Saving you. That giant " H " is a proclamation that Alison is no longer her own person. She's been relegated to being nothing more than another Hughes wife. Have you looked at the Hughes wives lately? Margo is the chief of detectives. And Kim runs a television station. And Nancy runs this town. There's not a politician within 200 miles that doesn't run when she calls. And as I remember, you had a one-night stand with Bob. Is it true that you might have been fantasizing for something a bit more? Darling, I apologize. Guilty. Guilty as charged. Look, I don't know why I'm choosing to do my feminist dance over a pile of towels. I think I'm just worried about Emily. And here she is I'm so sorry. Where is that beautiful bride-to-be? She no. Of course. She just went to the how long has she been gone? Should we go look for her? No, would you let the poor child have a moment alone? I mean, the three of us can be pretty tough to take. Probably right. Look at you, my dear. You have a little sun. Do I? Yeah, you look a little flushed. Are you okay? No, I'm great. I'm I'm better than great. Ooh, this doesn't happen to be nonalcoholic, does it? Do you want something stronger? No, no, Lisa, this is fine. This is actually perfect. Because I'm gon na have a baby What? Oh, no. Well, that's terrific. I'm sorry about law school. Hey, hey, you might think I'm out of my mind, but I'm And what if you can't get in front of the bar association? If I have to write to every member of the Illinois bar, if I have to walk their dogs, if I have to get them coffee, I'm gon na do it. Whatever it takes, I got to give it a shot. What if they still turn you down? Well, then I'll have what I learned. And they can't take that away from me. Well, it's a lot of work for a maybe. Well, just think of it as like an act of faith. The same way Alison said she would marry me. You still think I'm crazy, don't you? I think you're way too young to be this wise, actually. Where's Alison? I want to celebrate. Let's celebrate the wedding, open presents, celebrate my baby. Tell me what you did today, precisely. I want. It's what I've always wanted. Let me out now  Not until you listen to what I have to say. Do you think kidnapping me from my bridal shower is saving me?  You're not ready for this marriage. You're hiding from something, and I want to know what it is. Nothing.  You want this wedding, Angel? Don't call me that. Okay, I'm not an angel. I've done horrible things, and I have made so many mistakes.  None of that makes any difference to me. But it does to me. I was finally sure of something in my life. I was marrying Casey, and I was gon na be his wife and love him forever. And you you confuse me, and I don't want to be confused. I just want you to leave me alone.  And you think marriage, matching monogrammed towels is gon na 're supposed to be? And what can you do for me?  I can let you be yourself. This marriage is a trap, Alison. I can save you from it. It's what I want. I hope to God it's what you want. Please, I just want to go back down.  You were in the church at the bell tower today, weren't you? My scarf. You must have held it. I smelled your hair, your skin Stop it. Stop.  You are as drawn to me as I am to you. I knew it the first time I saw you. I knew you. You're crazy. I'm marrying Casey, and I love Casey.  But I'm the one in your dreams. No.  Yeah, yeah. You told me that yourself, so you can't take it back now. It's okay, though. You're in my head, marrying Casey, and I love him.  Just give me one night before you sign your life away. One night. I'm sure, in time, Mick will reveal everything to your satisfaction. I have to go. Excuse me. What's wrong with her? You know, I'm starting to think I'm never really gon na know. Hey. Hey. How was the shower? It barely got off the ground. I think it's a little early for Emily to be out and about. I'm home. I'm fine. You can go now. There are a couple things I want to say to your husband first. Considering that Emily just got out of the hospital, I think it's very irresponsible of you, what you two are doing. What is it, exactly, that we're doing? You started the in vitro process. No, we haven't. We talked a little while. Is that a fact? You might want to revisit that conversation with your wife. What's she talking about? You decided to put it off for a while, having a baby. I decided to have my eggs retrieved today. See you both later. So, you gon na say anything? Uh, no. I'm thinking maybe you should say something first. I was gon na tell you. When? And why would you do something like that without talking to me? It's what I it's what I want. Well, it's not what I want. And last time I checked, you need a woman and a man to make a baby. I know. I know. That's why if you refuse to father my baby, Mick will be happy to do it. What were you doing in there with Mick? I What happened? cancel the fire department. Yeah, that's good. Are you all right? I'm just a little shaky. Well, what happened? What happened at the elevator? I don't know. It was fine when I was on it, and then it just stopped working. Well, why did you go anywhere? We have a perfectly good ladies room here. All right, I intercepted the fire department. You got to have someone inspect that elevator, Lisa ,' cause you don't want anyone else to get stuck. I know that. I'll do it. Thank you. Okay. Oh, hey. I'm so happy to see you Why is everyone in the lobby? Is the party over? I was coming for some free cake. Yeah, yeah, it's done, and I'm ready to go home. Don't forget your presents. Yes, thank you so Did something happen? Yeah, Alison got stuck in the elevator, and I think she was a little shaken up, but she's fine now.  Who am I kidding? She's not coming. Alison? Alison? Guess again. What did you say? When? When Mick offered to father a child for you, what did you say? I said that he said that we would raise the baby together. It's what I want. It's what I always wanted. A baby with whoever happens to be standing in front of you at the time? No. Why would you talk to another man about having a child with him? I want you to be my baby's father. Okay, well, that's mildly reassuring. But, what I got to hurry up or I'm gon na lose my spot in line? I want to have a baby, Paul Because I want you more than I want a child with you. Come here, come here. I saw you. You were right there. You were passed out. And you wouldn't wake up you wouldn't wake up for days, and I thought I'd lost you. I'm fine Well, I'm not fine. I didn't like the way it felt when I thought that I'd lost you. I thought we were finally all right. We are We are We're okay. You are my everything. Well, then why are you talking to some other guy about having a baby with him? Because  Whenever anyone asks you about this pregnancy, you will tell them it's what you want. It's what you've always wanted. Oh, no Hey, come here. Oh, my God. What is it? Oh, my God, it's Mick . He made me say things. Oh, my God, I think he's brainwashing me. What is this place? It's almost romantic.  What are you doing here, Barbara? I never invited you here. Oh, so this is off limits to me? Me, your eternal love? And yet you're lighting candles, preparing for what?  The candlelight is restful. And I come here to meditate. Don't insult me. You're expecting little Miss Alison Stewart.  Barbara, I Did you plan your little rendezvous when you met, ever so conveniently, in the Lakeview elevator?  Get out Get out I am sick of you and your vanity I beg your pardon You're sick of me? Well, I can fix things for you, James a lot of things.  I'm sorry. Just give me alone time, okay? This has been a very difficult day pleading your case with our son.  What happened with Paul? Oh, he's on to you.  He knows who I am? Not quite. It's just a matter of time.  Well, we can't let that happen. We? As in the we that had all the plans, where you inject me with your formula and turn me into the younger version of myself, so we can start our life all over together?  Nothing has changed, Barbara. That is not so, James .' Cause I'm through running interference with you. You're on your own. Where are you going? I have to go study for my exam tomorrow. I can stay if you want me to. No, no. You should go do what you got to do. I'll be fine. I'm just tired. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep now. Okay. Love you, did you get a chance to talk to Casey? I did. And he says that he is over what happened to you after Adam left. He did? He did. Told me why he and Alison are in separate bedrooms. You know. Why? Tradition. They're saving up for the wedding night. Oh. That's sweet. And There's more? Casey's going ahead with law school. Really? He said he'd do whatever it takes. Wow, I can't believe how he's turned his life around. Yeah, but you see, his reward is that he gets to marry the girl of his dreams at the end, which is kind of exactly what happened to me. What are you doing? It's another tradition thing. You know, since we're already married Oh. I don't want to be here. I do want to. I don't want you to.  I need you to say it. Yes. On the next " As the World Turns " I think something terrible has happened to him. Why don't you just come out and say it? I think Meg killed him. What are you doing here, anyway? I need your help.  Marrying Casey is a mistake. Alison, where were you? And are you okay?  You are what I want. Well, then, James, you're going to have to prove it. 
Sighs All you had to do was to show the forensic report to the police. They would have arrested Molly Conlan for the shooting and killing of Silas Whitman, and you would have an open path straight into Holden's arms. You don't know that, Mother. If Molly were in that kind of trouble, Holden would feel even more obligated to stand by her. Well, let's just see, okay? Let's go and tell the police what we know and see what Holden does. And I'm putting money Molly Conlan out of sight, out of mind. And then what? I win Holden back by default? Is that what you're saying? I don't want him back that way, Mother. I deserve to be first in his heart. What difference does it make how you get him so long as you do? How can you ask me that? What is the alternative? Do nothing and watch him walk away from you and from this family? Is What are you doing here? I want to talk to you. How did you find me? I stopped by Al's. They told me you moved back in here. I did. Mm-hmm. Why's that? Because I thought the stability would be good for Liberty and the baby, you know, until I figure out my next move. You left the apartment' cause you don't want help from me? It's more complicated than that, and you know it. ' Cause I kept something from you. It's not just that you kept something from me. You let me believe that my father had made peace with me, that he was setting aside money for Liberty and me all those years. I know what I did. Now, why are you moving in with your ex-husband? I could have sworn I just heard him tell you to turn down $5 million. Carly, comes with strings attached, whether you see them or not. But Craig didn't give me the money. That money came from the insurance company. Please. Just this morning, you were charged with arson. All of a sudden, you're free and the insurance company's paid off? Well, if you have questions, call Tom Hughes. He signed for the check on my behalf just this afternoon. (Jack-scoffs) Half of that money is rightfully Carly's. Jack, this can help replace the money that was stolen from Parker's trust fund. Carly, every time this guy is involved, regardless of the reason, it it causes you more grief. We're talking about $5 million. I don't care if it's $50 million. He can't be trusted. There's always an ulterior motive with him. I can't just be trying to make amends? You can make it somewhere else. Carly, you worth the pain it's gon na cause you in the long run? I wasn't stalking Meg Snyder, by the way. I mean, I wasn't drugging her either. I was set up. I was set up by my mother-in-law, who happens to hate my guts. " Hate " is such a negative word, Emily. I can not believe you actually have the gall to show your face here. Really? I can go anywhere I want. I'm not the one that put Meg in the hospital. You and Meg put that methadone in my briefcase to turn Paul against me, and you know it. Okay, look, look. You obviously didn't think things were gon na get this out of hand, but they have. Now it is your responsibility to tell Paul the truth to get me the hell out of here. Oh, I don't think that's gon na happen anytime soon. Okay, talking to you. I I'm gon na call Paul myself. I think you're gon na have a hard time reaching him, because he's a little busy today. He's moving Meg back in to Fairwinds.  Hey. Um, I took care of the discharge papers. Everything's all set.  Thank you. Wonder where Mama is. It's not like her to be late. Well, there's been a little change of plans. I spoke with your mom while you were getting dressed, and it took some convincing, but she finally agreed.  Agreed to what? That you should stay at Fairwinds I mean, if you want. The farm's all full, but at Fairwinds, you can sit. You can relax. You can  Paul, I can't ask that of you. You're not asking. I'm offering. I know you want to spend time with Eliza.  I miss her like crazy. Emma agrees. And spending time with Eliza is probably the best medicine for anybody.  And what about Emily? What about her? She's in jail. She's not gon na hurt you.  No, I know. But what if she gets out and she finds out that I'm at Fairwinds? Meg, she is not gon na hurt you ever again. She's not. Come on. What do you say? You want to come home?  Well, if you think that's best. Paul brought Meg back to Fairwinds? You must be pretty desperate to concoct a story like that, Barbara. You want to call him? He's at Memorial, picking up Meg. Okay, well, fine. Fine. So he's bringing her back to Fairwinds for a little supervised visit with Eliza. That is a far cry from moving her back in. Well, actually, guest room, and the kitchen was being stocked full of Meg's favorite foods. Well, clearly you misunderstood. No. Paul wants Eliza to bond with her mother. Paul wouldn't do that. He wouldn't bring Meg back into my home, into our marriage. News flash you don't have a marriage anymore. No. That's what you and Meg hoped would happen when you dreamed up this twisted little plot of yours. But it's not gon na work, Barbara. You really think that Paul's gon na let you back into his life after what you did to the mother of his child? I didn't do anything. And when he finds out that you tried to turn him against his own wife, you you can kiss your relationship with your son good-bye. You're grasping at straws, Emily. Don't say I didn't warn you, Barbara. You've made bail, Ms Oh. Thank you. Thank you, Mom. No, no, no, no, no, no. You can't let her go She's dangerous She just threatened me Revenge is gon na be so sweet. The man has no conscience, Carly. If you take this check from him, he'll play you again in a heartbeat. Craig, you need to go, please, so I can speak with Jack about this privately. No problem. But if you change your mind and you don't want that money, let me know. I'm sure I can put it to good use. Jack, you don't honestly expect me to give that money back? Craig set that fire, Carly. You know that. Well, the insurance company couldn't prove it, could they? They never should have paid that claim out. Well, they did, and Craig paid me. money belonged to Parker. Yes. Of course it does. Look, Jack, I don't have the money to pay for Parker's summer program in New York or or for his college tuition or a half-dozen other things he's gon na need now and in the future. Well, it's lucky you have me. Well, I don't have you. Or at least that's the impression I got when you walked out of here. No matter what happens between us, Carly, you know you can always count on me financially. That's a very nice sentiment, Jack. But it's not the same as cash in the bank. Oh, please. You mean to tell me if you take that money from Craig, he's not gon na ask for anything in the future, in return? Well, I will cross that bridge when I come to it. (Jack-sighs) As far as I see it, I, Carly. You just got to keep looking for them. But clearly you've made up your mind, so Clears throat Hey, its mom. Where are you?  I'm at Java. Why? What's up? Stay put. I'm coming over. I have some good news for you. How many times have we talked about being a family you, me, Johnny, Liberty, the baby? Well, I meant what I said. Do you know how happy I was when I thought my father had left me that money and how sad I was when I found out it wasn't true? I apologized, Janet. Why isn't that enough for you? I know you meant well. I get that. But I need to make my own way. Then why are you here? Because I want to be here. Because you can't afford to live anywhere else. You and I could have it all. What are you afraid of? I need to be here right now. This is what's best for me. If you change your mind, let me know. If you want Holden, you're gon na have to fight for him using every trick in the book. Mother, enough, okay? Holden loves Molly. And if I hurt her, I hurt him. And I love him too much to do that. You love him so much that Molly can have him? That really makes sense. It does to me, and that's all that matters. And you know what? This conversation is over. All right. All right, Darling. Okay. The rest of your life, the remainder of your life is without Holden. Now, that is something to contemplate. What are you going to do with yourself? I'll think of something. Well, I hope particularly as you have, uh, brought it on yourself. I have no intention. And I hope that you're not going to resort to the pills again and get hooked. (Lily-sighs) It had to be said, Darling. That's the last well, you did it the last time when you were feeling vulnerable like this. All right. Duly noted. Okay. So you're alone. Oh, and you're so lonely, and loose ends. You don't know what to do with yourself, and you need to be occupied. You need a challenge. Gasps I know what you could do.  It feels so good to be out in the real world again. Can I get you something to eat?  Um, maybe later. Right now I want to go up and see Eliza. Eliza's in the park. Uh, the nanny took her. They should be back soon, though.  Oh down? Sit down, please. Try and relax. (Meg-chuckles)  I'm sorry. I can't help it. I keep expecting Emily to burst in and come after me. Emily's in jail. She's not gon na hurt you.  I know. Chuckles You're right. I'm being silly. And you you have been so wonderful to me. Thank you. Paul?  I thought you told me she was in jail, that I was safe. Oh, please. Don't be so dramatic, Meg. I told you. Don't worry, Meg. I won't let her anywhere near you. What the hell are you doing? What are you doing? You're out of jail? Answer my question. I'm helping Meg. That's what I'm doing. Really? By letting her live in this house with Eliza? She's not stable. No, you 'm not gon na let you hurt Meg, not ever again. I haven't hurt her to begin with. I didn't do anything. I was set up by your mother and Meg. I am the injured party here. You expect me to believe that? Okay, just look at me, okay? I I am your wife. I know I have done a lot of twisted, stupid things in my life. But so have you. I'm telling you, I would never hurt Meg. Hurting Meg would be like hurting Eliza, and I I wouldn't do that. You know deep in your heart I wouldn't do that. Oh, no, no. You would never do that. You would you would never, you know, leave her unattended in a car, for instance. What is going on with you? Who who's gotten to you? No one. You know what? to we're supposed to be on each other's side. Someone's gotten to you. Don't do this. Don't turn on me, Paul, over something I didn't do. I gave you plenty of opportunities to come clean, and and you didn't. If you had just admitted to me what you had done, we could have figured out a way to get past it. I didn't admit to it because I didn't do it. Stop lying to me. Just stop it. Oh, Honey. Hey.  Hey. Oh. Come here, Sweetie. Oh, my gosh. Oh. I missed you so much. Chuckles I guess you had a great time at the park.  We fed the ducks, and now someone's definitely ready for a nap. Well, I'll take her up. No. You're leaving. Mother, could you please escort Emily to her car With pleasure. And, Mom, if you wouldn't mind, maybe you could spend the night tonight at your suite at the Lakeview. I thought I was gon na stay here and help Meg get settled in. We'd all have dinner together. No, not tonight. You're kicking us both out?  I'll go get the rest of Eliza's things from the car.  Her hair has gotten so curly. Oh, I've been dreaming of this moment being alone with my family. I was afraid that it would never happen. Well, you made it happen. You knew what you wanted, and you made it happen.  You know, Taran was right. I should take her upstairs. Come on, Sweetie. Hey, mind if I join you?  What do you think? You want me to come to work with you at Worldwide? Part-time. It's not such a have known this was where it was going. You think business cures everything. Well, yeah, I I guess it does for me. Business you know, busy, busy, you know, in doing something. You're on the board, Honey. All we'd have to do is plug you in to some division or other. Or you could set up a division of your own. My own? Yeah. But like what? I don't know. I mean, some, uh, service or some product that interested you, and you could make it a reality. I love being a full-time mother. Lily, you are adrift. I'm sorry. You you've got to focus, or else you're gon na be vulnerable to the next handsome rogue that comes down the pike. I can't believe you're saying this to me. Mother, Damian wasn't just some guy that picked me What woman trusts her ex-husband? Sighs If I didn't know it before, this conversation's sealed the deal. I can not work with you at Worldwide. Okay, then. Forget about me. We'll find something something you'll be completely autonomous. Hmm. I think I'll stick to arranging play dates. Dear, it doesn't have to be one or the other, either or. Please give it give it a chance. Give it some thought, hmm? Thank you. I have something to show you.  Mom, that says $5 million.  And it's made out to you. Uh-huh. It's half of the insurance settlement from the fire at Monte Carlo.  Are you se are you serious? This this check is legit? Yeah. Craig gave it to me to cover some of the money that he stole from you.  I can't believe was lost for good. Yeah. Me too. Well, we got some of it back. And actually, Parker, that's why I wanted to talk to you, because I'm not sure that it's a good idea to put this money back in in a trust for you.  Well, then, what should I do with it? Give it to me. Laughs If I french-fried a sock, would you eat that, too?  Dad Hey. Hi, Sweetie.  Can you sit with us? Dusty, good to see you. Clarissa, would you mind taking Johnny upstairs? I'll be up after I conclude some business with Mr. Donovan. What business?  Come on, Johnny. I'll race you to the elevator. Uh, just a minute. One more hug for the old man. Okay, Buddy. Laughs Shies away from the kisses. Shies away from have a business proposition for you. I'm not interested. You don't even want to hear what it is? If it comes from you, no. I want to buy into Worldwide, specifically your product-distribution network. Why would that appeal to me? Strategically, it's a good move for both of us. Any financial connection to you isn't good for anybody. How about that other connection we have? I mean my son. Our son. Johnny is mine biologically and legally. And now that I'm a free man, I can limit your access to him. But if you help me secure a deal with Worldwide, I'd be very grateful. And when I'm grateful, I'm generous. Listen to you. Using your son to close a deal. Shows what a lousy father you are. And the fact that you won't consider it shows what a hothead you are, which is . We can both make a lot of money with this. And in the long run, Johnny would benefit from it. Even if I brought it to the board, they'd never be interested. Oh, I think you could persuade them, especially given the incentive of more quality time with Johnny. It's not gon na happen. I'll just go around you. You know that. You can try. What's wrong? I think it's best if we don't talk about it. Okay. Thank you. Where is that thing? I think I put it ah, there it is, right here. What? It is the phone number for the Lamaze center at Memorial. I was supposed to have my first class today and tour the birthing center. What do you mean you were supposed to? You're canceling? Dusty was my partner. But now maybe one of the Teresa. Hello, hello. What about me? Hello. Huge commitment. Yeah, so? I'm the baby's father, Janet. So what about Carly? Uh, no. Carly is not a factor in this decision. I know you two are on the outs right now, but I don't want you to feel obligated and then later regret this. I'd never regret helping to bring our son into the world. But this is a big program. If you start it and then later change your mind I'm not gon na change my mind. Will you stop trying to talk me out of this and just say yes? Yes. Good. Great. Let's go. Come on. Here. Take this. Come on. Well, that was fast. Eliza really must have been tired if she went out that quickly.  I I needed to change into something more . It was in the armoire in my room. You got it for me. Remember? Yeah, I remember. You want some tea?  Yeah, please. You know, Paul, you were right about me staying here at Fairwinds. Chuckles Watching Eliza fall asleep right now it was the best medicine I could have. I'm just glad you're feeling better.  Us here on the couch, Eliza sleeping upstairs it's like old times, isn't it? Paul, I want you to be able to trust me again. I do trust you. I trust you completely.  Thank you for believing in me. I wish there was, uh, some way I could show you how much that means to me. You just got out of the hospital. Uh I don't know if this is a good idea.  I thought you were the one that said that this felt right to you. It does . What? No. Listen, we inserted the two clauses, and they already agreed. No. If you take out those two clauses, there's no deal at all. You know what? Don't bother. I'll tell him myself.  Well, that didn't sound good. No, it's not good. I've been trying to make a deal with this guy. He keeps running me around. And I got to go to Chicago and sort it out.  What, now? Yeah, now. I'm really sorry. But I'll be back tomorrow.  Sighs Well, you have a business to run. If you want, I can I can call my mom and have her come back, or or you could call Emma, have her stay here.  No, no, no, no, no. Don't bother either of them. I think I'll be fine on my own. being out on bail.  She'd be a fool to come back here the way you kicked her out before. Look, don't worry about me, okay? Go do what you need to do? Okay. But do me a favor, will you, please, and promise me that if you feel anxious about anything, and I mean anything at all, that you will call my mother right away, or Emma, and have them come stay here with you.  Yeah, I promise. Thanks. Um, will you give Eliza a big kiss for me?  Just one? It's really great to have you home.  It's nice to be back. Drive safe. Oh, Mom, thank you. Thank you for for bailing me out. Listen, I know you're at the E.R. tonight, but, um, I don't know, if you get out in next hour or so, I company. I'm a little shaken up. All right. Um, I'm sorry for talking so long. I love you. Bye. Oh, for God's sake, would you stop following me? You know, you didn't want to believe me when I told you that Paul was through with you, but I guess you've seen for yourself, haven't you? If you think you and Meg are gon na turn Paul against me Oh, no. We don't have to do that ,' cause you're doing a really great job of it yourself, Emily. Do you really want Eliza back in Meg's life full-time like this? Because that's exactly what you have set into motion. You are putting Eliza in the arms of someone with severe emotional problems, Barbara. And if anything happens to that little girl, it will be on your head and no one else's. Hey, hey. Don't you talk What are you doing here? You should be with Meg. I've got to go to Chicago overnight. I've got some business to take care of. What? I'm gon na go stay with her. That's not necessary. Meg's fine on her own. What? Alone at at our house? Yes. She she's barely out of the hospital. She's fine, as long as you stay away from her. Excuse me? I mean it. You set one foot in my house, and I'll have you arrested for harassment and trespassing. How can you talk to me like that? Keep an eye on Emily for me, please. Make sure she stays away from Meg. I guess you're all mine. I think we should invest it.  Mom, how much do you know about investing money? Hmm, not much. But I would adviser, you know?  I don't know. I don't know. Is Dad on board with this? Your dad wanted me to give the money back. Yes, exactly. That was my reaction, too. Look, Parker, it really is your money, so it's your decision. And if you want to put it back in a trust, that's what we'll do. I just think being a little flexible will net a larger return in the future.  Can I get a car? We can talk about it.  Okay, then go for it. Really? You you trust me to invest this wisely?  If you think it's what's best, then yeah, go for it. Oh, Parker, thank you. You you don't know how much your support means to me, especially today. So, what do you think? The facility seems kind of nice. , which will help when I'm in excruciating pain. Laughs Were you in a lot of pain when you had Liberty? Um, no. No, not really. But every pregnancy can be different. The first one could be very easy. The second one Yeah, I I remember when Carly had Sage. Yeah. What? Nothing, nothing. Just promise me you won't go into labor in a cabin in the middle of nowhere. That is so funny. That's exactly what Dusty said. Talk about your mine fields. Okay, we both got some baggage. Some? Okay, we're loaded down. But we can't do anything about that. You know what we can do something about? What? We can do an amazing job bringing our son into the world. Well, you're going to be doing most of the work. I'll do whatever I can to help. I arrest people for a living. There's nothing you can call me that I haven't heard already. So, are you ready for your hee-hee-hoos? My whats? Your hee, hee, hee, hoo, hoo. Oh, yeah. You are so lucky you have me as a birthing partner. Thank you. Come on. Yes. I told Craig what he could do with his offer. Mm-hmm. I'm just warning you in case he comes to you next. Oh, Darling, he's not gon na come to me. Well, then, the work's done. Dusty, one thing. I don't think you should take a threat from Craig too lightly, not when it concerns the little boy. Because you know Craig. He'll be at you and at you and at you until you do his bidding. Sighs What's the alternative? Sell Pretend to. What do you mean? Well, you just get back to him and you say, " I'm between a rock and a hard place, and I I hate the idea of this whole thing, but I have to do business. " And then give him a price that's just beyond his reach. Are you serious? Yeah. Do it. That way, you play ball. He can't fault you on that. And you have access to Johnny. Might work. But, uh, you know, remember that he is short of cash, so when you when you give him the price, it doesn't have to be ridiculously inflated. It doesn't. (Dusty-laughs) Just so that he can't meet it. And that way, we're going to get rid of that maniac this time for good. Wow. What are these for? Those are to thank you for letting the in this town would even speak to me. Well, I owed you and Gabriel for keeping the two of you apart all these years. Is Gabriel here? No, he's out. He never tells me where he is. Your bag is packed, though. It's waiting for you in your room. Are you moving back into the Lakeview? Until I find something more permanent. Well, Craig, you are getting a new lease on life. Don't blow it. Funny you should say that, because you could help me make a fresh start. What do you mean? Remember when I suggested to Carly that she start a perfume line for Monte Carlo? Yeah. I I even suggested a marketing specialist. But nothing ever came of it. Now something can. How? I want to finance the venture. Laughs You want to finance a perfume company? Mm-hmm. With what settlement from the insurance company for the fire. I'm in the money again. Your luck never ceases to amaze me. Listen, if you do this with Carly as your partner, you'll have zero risk financially. I just ask that you not tell her that I'm involved. Here we go again. Can't you ever be up-front with people? Yes or no, Lily? No. I am not dealing with Carly, or anyone else for that matter, without being completely honest from the beginning. Hmm. You didn't seem to feel that way when you lied to me about Gabriel. Like you said, you owe me, Lily. And considering all the damage that you've done to me in the past, I think my request for payback is pretty reasonable. Don't tell me you changed your mind. Well, I did some thinking, and I decided that your money is as good as anybody's. Well this is a good move, Dusty, professionally and personally. I'd like to take you up on that, especially where the personal is concerned. Absolutely. You can spend as much visitation with Johnny as you like, within reason, of course. Well, I looked carefully at the value of Worldwide distribution network. This is what it would cost you to buy in. What is this, a joke? Number's outrageous. It's what the business is worth, Craig. There's no way I would pay this. Well, I make you an offer. What you do with it is up to you. And fragrances are really hot right now. And we've done most of the R&amp;D already. I mean, it wouldn't take long to take the brand to market. It's wild that you're saying this right now ,' cause I just came into some cash, so I have the money that no, no. Save it. You don't have to use any of your money. Honestly, I, um I need the write-off. Seriously? Yeah. And do you really think that we could work together without killing each other? I think so. Chuckles It's an idea we both love, and we've settled our differences. Yes. But I think that was before you started fighting with Molly about Holden. Well, that's over. Molly is the woman that Holden wants, and I got to get over it. But it's got to really hurt. More so than Jack having a baby with Janet? Ooh, ouch. Yeah, you're absolutely right. This is a good idea. We have to keep ourselves busy.  You're in active labor. Your contractions are getting stronger and closer together. Okay, at this point, there's a special breathing technique to use good to you. All right. Sounds like you guys have done this before. We have. But not together. How many children do you have? Between us, four. One for me, three for him. Yeah. Now you guys are gon na have another child together. That's so romantic. How long have you been married?  It's complicated. So, where do you think you're going now? None of your business. Pharmacy's still open. You can stock up on methadone. Let go of my arm. No, no, no. You are gon na come upstairs with me, and you're gon na spend the night with me or I will call the police, and you can spend the night in the jail again. How do you sleep at night, Barbara? Oh, that's right, alone. Your choice slumber party Hello. Hey, it's me. What are you doing?  Relaxing, like you told me to. Okay. I just wanted to check up on you, make sure you're all right.  Emily hasn't come by, if that's what you're worried about. No, I told my mother to make sure that Emily doesn't go anywhere near Fairwinds. You don't need to worry about that.  Thank you. I appreciate that. Now I will definitely sleep well. Well, that's the point. I'll see you tomorrow.  Okay. Oh, Paul, thank you for taking such good care of me. Same. Night. Bye-bye, Emily. You are so out of the picture. (Emily-clears-throat)  Gasps What are you doing here? My house, Meg.  Not anymore it isn't. Paul told you to leave. Paul was brainwashed by you and Barbara.  Barbara's supposed to well, she got tied up. So it's just you and me.  I want you to leave. I mean it. Ooh. Make me.  I'm calling the police. I'm not letting you anywhere out of this house, Meg, until I get the truth out of you, and I will get it, whatever it takes. (Barbara-groaning)  That's better. Yes. Don't be shy. This is the woman you love. (Janet-chuckles)  Thanks, everyone, for coming to class. See you next week. All righty. (Jack-laughs) Whoa. God (Janet-sighs) Sorry about that. What? That didn't seem kind of awkward to you just now? Actually, no. I thought that it would be strange, being here with you. But it felt like the most natural thing in the world. Agreed? We're in business. So, what should we name this I guess that will be our first major decision. And you're sure you don't need me to throw in some money? Nah. I'm Ms. Moneybags. You're Ms. Creativity. Works for me. You know, I see a really bright future for us, Lily. This is an insult. It's fair market value. You either get the price down or your visitation with Johnny is over. You asked me to get your foot in the door. I did. The rest is up to you. What, you think this is over, that I'll just walk away? There's nothing more I can do for you. Well, that's too bad. Johnny's gon na be very sad to hear that his daddy Dusty won't be spending any time with him anymore. Not when he finds out the reason why. Now who's using the kid? The kid from wrong. Maybe it's time he finds out who you really are. You come back to me with something reasonable. I have. Worldwide has named its price. It's up to you to get it. This isn't over, not by a long shot. You think I don't know what you did? You drugged yourself, and then you planted the pills in Paul's briefcase, so I would  You mean these pills? What what are you doing? What the hell are you doing?  I'm gon na tell the police that you came here and you drugged my tea. You're not. No, you're not. Whoo  Get back I'm going to tell them that you came back here to push me over the edge and that I realized what you were trying to do just in time, and I had no choice. I had to save myself, so I did the " As the World Turns " Why didn't you tell Henry the truth? I did it for you, Katie.  I need your help. Doing what?  Make Barbara go away. We've got to find her ,' cause you know what? She's out to get Meg. There's no telling what she's gon na do to Meg. She's gon na hurt her. (Both-grunting)  Go to hell. 
Mmm That looks like it is good. Always loved the burgers here. Hmm. Here. Let me get this from you. You want to pay for my burger? Well, after everything you've done for me, it's the least I could do. Allowing you to falsify medical records can not just be smothered over with buying me a deluxe burger, not even with more cheese or bacon, for that matter. I know that. I was just trying to do something nice for you. Because you feel guilty? Silence speaks volumes. Would you please allow me to finish my meal in peace? Thank you. I'm just trying to say that I'm sorry. You don't owe me any apologies, okay? It was my decision to let the changes you made stand, okay? I can live with it. You don't owe me anything. And I can pay for my own burger. Okay, what about dessert then? What . We could have it with some ice cream and whipped cream. I'll pass. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah, I think we should keep things the way they are. You know, you have your life. I have mine. And these days, there's not much room for dessert. Hey. I was really hoping I'd see you today. Really? Yeah. Things are getting even weirder with this whole Vienna thing. Now what? Okay, you know how I was still trying to find out the name of her ob-gyn? Right. Okay. Okay, so I figured I should check, you know, her computer records again to see if maybe there was a clue we might have missed. Something strange came up. Her doctor's name? Oh, I wish. Ready for this? According to her file, Vienna's already been pregnant for over a month now. we looked at her record. There was nothing about her being pregnant in there. I know. There's no way we could have missed that. We didn't. Then what do you mean? Well, we didn't see it before because it wasn't there before. Maybe someone changed it by accident. No. I don't think so. There was way too much new data entered for it to be just a mistake. There's only one explanation. Somebody changed Vienna's records.  That was a delicious meal. Yeah. I'm surprised you wanted to eat so early.  Well, our little one gets hungry before I do. Oh, which reminds me, we have to have a very large kitchen in our new house. What house?  The one we move into when we have the baby. I I didn't realize that acquiring real estate was part of the birthing process. hotel. Why not? Craig Montgomery does.  Well, we don't need to have a palace. You know, a small place is fine with a very large kitchen, that is. (Barbara-groaning)  Oh, my. I didn't, uh I didn't realize Barbara was back here.  She obviously likes her room. She sounds very, uh, urgent.  You know what? That just comes to show that if you really want a man, you can always attract one no matter how old you are or what you look like. Come on, Henry. Yeah.  Let's go. Leave Barbara to her own business. (Barbara-groaning) Meg, put put the gun down.  This tea it's so bitter. No.  It's from all the drugs you put in it. You put the drugs in that tea. We both know that.  But who's going to believe . Don't. Where where did you get the gun?  It's Paul's. He gave it to you?  I borrowed it. It was in his safe, where he always keeps it. You need to put it away.  You know, I even remembered the combination, which I took it as a sign that this was meant to be. No, no, no, no Stop drinking that, please.  It's all right. I'm getting used to the taste. Meg, the methadone's gon na start taking effect any minute. Stop.  Well, that's the idea. What are you talking about?  Well, with every sip, I get a little bit more buzzed. And pretty soon I'm gon na be crazy. But you'll be dead. Meg Meg, you don't want to shoot me. You don't want to shoot.  Stay where you are irrational, paranoid, violent. Eliza's upstairs. Your daughter is upstairs. You would never kill me when your daughter is in the house. Think of the trauma you would put her through.  Eliza will be fine. How can you say that?  She's gon na sleep right through it. The gun is very loud, Meg  It's gon na take only one shot, and I am doing this for Eliza Think for a minute. Think. You kill me, you will be arrested, and you will head right back to Deerbrook. You will never see Eliza again. You won't have a family.  But I already do. I mean, look. I'm back at Fairwinds. Eliza loves me. Paul is on my side. And all that is left is for me to get rid of you. No, no, no, no We can work this out. Stop. We can figure gun down  I know I know exactly what that means That means you want to steal my little girl No I don't want to steal Eliza from you. I never wanted to steal her. You are her mother. She needs you.  You are trying to con me No. You you have been allowed to see Eliza as often as you want you know that when you're healthy enough to handle it. (Meg-laughs)  Well, that's always the catch, isn't it if I'm well enough? No. If you do this, they will lock you up forever. You understand? You will never see Eliza again.  Well, I'm not worried about that. They tried to lock me up in a psycho ward before, and I got out. Yeah, well, you won't be this lucky this time if if you pull that trigger. Please don't. Please to do with it. I've worked everything out. What the hell does that mean?  It means you're gon na die and I'm gon na get away with it. Oh, God.  Oh. I love this one. What do you think? It's nice.  Yeah? No, it's adorable. It's adorable. That's that's what I meant adorable.  Okay, so, what are we looking at? Pictures.  Of? Bassinets, bassinets I mean, you're not even paying attention I'm sorry.  You're thinking about Barbara, aren't you? Yeah. Look, I'm I'm sorry. I can't help it. I'm not sure the sounds we heard coming out of her room were what we thought they were.  Of course they were. She just it sounded a bit off, don't you I don't I don't care, Sweetie. I don't I don't care what she's doing or with whom, however loudly or incessantly. It's just it sounded very strange to me.  Oh, no. What's strange is that a woman her age would be having sex on the floor. That's strange. Is that what you think she was doing?  Of course Of course she is. You know, once a tramp, always a tramp. Whoa Vienna you know, we've had some adventures in some rather exotic locations ourselves.  Yes, but we've been creative, not pathetic like that. Katie. Hi. Sorry. I just need to talk to Vienna about baby stuff. Do you mind? No, not at all. I, uh you'll do a better job than I did. I'll, um I'll be at the bar.  with my medical files? I did.  And? And your file says you've been pregnant now for a month.  Oh, God Thank you What? Well, it just doesn't feel very good, especially since I had to get Chris involved.  Chris? Chris Hughes? Yeah. And his dad caught us in the computer room at the hospital while I was trying to change your file. We almost got caught.  But everything is okay, right? Well, yeah, for now. But if word about this gets out, we're gon na have a big problem.  You think you can trust Chris for this? Yeah. I mean, he knows what would happen if he said something. He's not gon na risk his career.  But then why are you so upset? Because I'm afraid helping you like this was a horrible mistake. Did you print out a newn't have time. But believe me, pregnancy date is there in black and white. Somebody changed that file. But who and why? Sighs You you could talk to Bob about it. I'm I'm not walking into my granddad's office and telling him I got a woman pregnant. No thank you. I can already see the disappointment on his face. Yeah. I remember that look, the day we were supposed to be married. Yeah. There was a lot of disappointment going around that day. Sighs Okay, well, uh, you could ask Chris for help. I'm not gon na do that. Why? I mean, he has way more access to the doctor's files than I do. Plus, you know he'll never judge you. Well, there's enough tension between Chris and me without me giving the details of my sex life. Because I used to be one of I'm saying. Look, if you're uncomfortable going to Chris because of me, then you should just really let all of this go. No, I I told you, I'm not gon na do that. Well, then, you're stuck, because at this point, Chris is really your only hope of finding out what's going on with Vienna and her baby. You're right. I'll talk to him. Good. Yeah, but that doesn't guarantee we're gon na find any more information than we already know. It's worth a try, okay? And I'll keep working on Vienna. Good luck, and, uh, talk to you later. Alison, thank you. (Barbara-groaning) Barbara? (Barbara-groaning) Oh, my God, she is on the floor. (Barbara-groaning) Barbara? She knows I'm here. Why would she do this, knowing that unless she's, Sir. I'm sorry. Could you help me? Um, my key isn't working. You see? Just could you let me into my room? Of course. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thanks. (Barbara-groaning) Barbara God, here. Thank you, thank you. You got to we've got to stop her. Who? We need to stop Emily, Emily, Emily. What? Yeah. She did this to you? She's a menace. She's a menace Come here. Oh, my God. How long have you been like this? I think hours. Untie me, okay? She pounced on me the minute we got in here. Sorry. I can't get this. We've got to find her. We've got to find her ,' cause you know what? She's out to get Meg. There's . She's gon na hurt her  You know, this is going exactly the way I thought it would. Stay back I'm back, I'm back, I'm back.  You know, I know exactly what you're trying to do. Meg, I'm worried about you. You look very pale.  I feel fine. Put the gun down. Please put the gun down before it's too late.  I think I need some more. No, stop Stop  My system needs to be loaded. And that way, it will explain all the awful, insane things I might do. No, this won't work.  And then and then once it wears off, it's gon na be so easy so easy to convince the police that I killed you because you had drugged my tea and I was out of my mind. No, no, no, no, Please stop drinking that and put the gun down. I'm begging you  You know what the beautiful thing about all this is, Emily? What? What?  That you're gon na be dead, and you'll be blamed for your own death. Laughs It will be all about you, Emily, at least one last time.  Katie, I never would have asked you to change my medical records if I wasn't desperate. And I'm desperately in love with Henry. I know. I know you are, and I know you don't want to lose him.  Henry and I we belong together. And if anyone if anyone understands, it's you. I know. You're just like me and Brad soul mates.  Exactly. So think of this as saving two souls. It just doesn't change the fact that I asked Chris to go against his principles.  Yes, but deep Otherwise, he wouldn't have said yes if it was such a big risk. Maybe.  You really care about Chris, don't you? No. No, I don't. I mean, we're friends, yeah. It's just  What? I just hate the dishonesty part  Since when? I got to go. Uh, I just wanted to let you know that for now, you are officially pregnant, and you have nothing to worry about. Hey, Chris, um, do you think we can talk for a minute? Uh, yeah, but want to walk with me to the floor? Actually, I I was hoping we could speak in private. Okay. Yeah, we can do that here. I think I might have gotten, uh, someone pregnant. Okay. Yeah, and I'm not sure what to do about it. Well,, yeah. All right. Well, what does she want you to do about it? Nothing. She she says I'm not the father. Then what are you worried about? Well, I I don't believe her. So you think the baby's yours? That's what I'm trying to find out. Well, why would she lie? It's complicated. Complicated because? There's another man in the picture. Who might be the father? Yeah, that, uh ooh, that does sound complicated. But is there any way to check the paternity of the child before it's even born? Um, well, yes and no. What what does that mean? Well, there is a test that can establish who the father is, but no, you can not do it without the mother's consent. Well, she's not gon, maybe she's telling you the truth here. I I just don't think so. There's too many weird things going on. I just I want a real answer. And please just help me out with this. Look, Casey, I, uh I don't want to pry here. But, um, if I'm gon na help you, I need to know the, uh the girl's name. Is it Alison? No, no. No? Oh. It's Vienna. Vienna? Vienna Vienna Hyatt? Yeah, yeah. It was just a fling thing. You know, I don't even really know what to call it. Yeah. But the weirdest thing about it is her medical files someone someone's tampered with them. What? I mean someone went into the computer and deliberately changed the files, and now I can't find out whether you know, um, I have this emergency that I have to check on. But we're gon na Hold up. Hold on. We're gon na talk later, okay? Well, can I count on you or not? Sighs  Katie, I knew you would be back. Hello, Alison. Hi, Vienna. Is this a bad time?  Why? Um, there's some hospital stuff I need to go over with you. Um, do you mind?  I'm really actually quite busy. Oh, this won't take long. We're just updating our records, and I need to know your due date.  Um you know what? I don't know exactly. You don't remember?  No, but the next time I'll see my doctor, I'll I'll, um, have him put it into my files. And, uh, this really isn't a good time. You know what? I kind of need to get this done today. Hence the house call. If you could just at least give me an approximate date.  Why are you being so pushy? Well, why don't you remember your own due date? Okay. The truth is, I know that you slept with Casey.  What? No way No That's a lie That's a horrible lie. What would you why would you say that? You know that I love Henry. I love Henry. Okay. Okay, Vienna, let's just skip the games. Casey told me all about it. You had sex with him here, at the hospital.  Sighs All right. Okay. Why so what if I did? Well, not long after, you announced that you were pregnant. And Casey just wants to know if he's the father.  Okay, and is that the truth?  I swear on everything, on heaven and earth that Casey is not the the father of my child. All right. I believe you. I will tell him that Henry's the father. (Vienna-sighs) And congratulations.  All gone. All gone. No. Your plan won't work.  Yes, it will. No, because there's one thing you didn't think of the methadone.  Scoffs What? They can prove that I didn't steal it from the hospital.  No, they can't. Yes, they can. They're they're already working on the case.  Who? My mother. Of course. My mother she knows that I didn't I didn't take the methadone, and she's hired a private investigator, and now he knows I didn't take it.  How? There's this new technology touches anything, like a pill bottle, Meg.  No. Yes.  No, you're making this up No. No, I'm not. They will prove that you're the one who stole the methadone from the hospital and you're the one who that has been drugging yourself.  No. Yes. It's okay. You can still get what you want, okay? We can figure out a way out of this, I promise. Just give me the gun.  You are lying I am not lying.  You're a liar You always have been No, I'm not lying. Just listen to me. Listen to me. You want me out of the picture, I will move out of the house. I will give up any thoughts of adopting Eliza. I swear to God, we can figure this out. I am begging you, just put the gun down. We can away? Yes, yes. I swear to God, you'll never see me again.  I don't know. Meg, Meg, you're not a murderer. Listen to me. Look at me. You're a mother. You're Eliza's mother.  I'm a mother. Put the gun put the gun down. Put the gun down.  No, no, no Put the gun down, Meg  No (Both-grunting)  Go to hell. Screams Oh, God. Meg, it's me. It's Mama. It's Mama.  Mama? It's okay. You're all right. Am am I? Uh-huh. Oh, my God. What, did she miss? It's over, Meg. It's over, Meg. Please, give me the gun. Please.  No, no, no I can't Why is to hurt yourself I don't want you to hurt anyone. Give Mama the gun. Nobody's gon na get hurt. They're blanks. Blanks? Yeah. I didn't want you to get hurt. I would never let anything happen to you. Wait, wait, wait. I don't understand. I took the bullets out of the gun, and I locked them up, and I put I put blanks in. I didn't want anybody to get hurt. Give give me the gun.  Paul Yeah. Meg, you're okay. You're okay.  You you need to tell him to go away. He's not he needs to be here.  Well, we have to go upstairs and see Eliza now. Eliza's fine.  I hear her. Sweetheart, did you take did you take all of those pills?  No, no. Well put them in my tea, and she made me drink it. She made me do everything. You're evil She put the poison in her tea herself.  Liar She had the entire plan worked out. She was gon na kill me and claim that the drugs I gave her pushed her over the edge. Yeah. That sounds about right. You believe me? Of course I believe you. Okay, I I'm sorry. None of this is making any sense. Emily, I've known all along that you're telling the truth. Like anyone could ever take your place. (Doorbell-rings) No Oh (Katie-groans) Why didn't you tell me it was Casey? What? Oh, do not act like this was news to you. Casey he's walking around thinking Vienna's pregnant with his child. You purposely left that little bit of information out, didn't you?  Casey. Chris. Oh, Vienna, that's just  Oh, thank you so much for helping Katie I mean helping Katie help me. Right.  But I'm really scared that everything will come out now. You told her what I did? That's terrific. Great. Thank you. That's just what I needed.  What's wrong? Legally, ethically, where do I begin? The only people that know you helped me are us three. That's it. I promise. Really? Well, why stop there. Let's spread the word. Maybe I can get an official reprimand from my own father, or or better yet, a suspension.  Would it be that bad? Well, if it's my lucky day, Vienna, maybe I can get my medical license revoked Isn't that great? I'm so sorry, Chris. Are you sorry? not believe I let myself get involved with this, really. I mean, when will I learn, right?  Oh, my God. I'm gon na deal with Alison and Casey, and you go after Chris. We just have to make sure that they don't do anything before I get pregnant. We don't even know when that will happen, Vienna.  Soon. I told you, I'm trying every day. There's no guarantee it will happen at all.  No, don't say that. Voice breaking Don't say that, because my entire future depends on this one baby, having this one baby with Henry. Please, Katie, help me. (Katie-sighs) What the hell is going on here?  No, no, no, no, no You need to get away from me Let me take care of this. I will explain. I will explain.  Paul, Paul, they want, no. Nobody wants to hurt you. Nobody's gon na hurt you. We're gon na help you. Isn't that right? Yes, that's right.  She's the evil one. I don't want to hurt you, Sweetheart. I love you. Sit down for just a second, okay? I love you. Sit down. Just just sit down for like one second, all right? Everything's gon na be fine. Everything is gon na be it's gon na be you fine. Oh, my God. What did I tell you. Are you all right? She's not hurt, if that's what you're asking. Emily tried to kill her, didn't she? Mom She did She tried to kill her. I knew this was going to happen. I am so sorry. You told me to try to keep her away, and I It's okay. She overpowered me. She bound and bagged me and left me on the floor. You did that? Yeah. She was like an animal. Are you all right? I am fine now thanks to Henry. He found me. Well, thank you, Henry. Maybe you could do us all another favor. Sure. Anything. Take my mother back to the Lakeview. No, no. I am not going anywhere until I see that woman in handcuffs and arrested again  Where's Eliza? Oh, my God. She drugged her again, didn't she? You still had methadone lying around here? Actually, Mother, Meg has been drugging herself. That's impossible. It's the truth. Wait. You knew? You knew all along Meg was drugging herself. Hey. The nurse said I could find you here. Um, this room is minute. Katie, we really don't have anything to say to each other. I know how you would feel that way. If it were up to me, I wouldn't have just walked through that door. But here you are, so you must want something. Chris, Vienna is desperate to be married to Henry. She's terrified of losing him. That is the only reason any of this is happening. Katie, that doesn't excuse it. I know that. But if you could just pull back a little bit and not tell anyone about anything, that would really help. Help keep the lie going, you mean? Vienna just needs a little more time. A little more time to what? Uh, falsify another medical record? Is that what we're talking about? No, no, no. To make it right. It's too late for that. We broke the law. Look let the changes you made stand, okay? But that was before I knew Casey was involved and that we were keeping him in the dark from knowing about the baby. It's not that simple. Look, Casey thinks that that baby is his. He wants to know the truth, and he deserves to know the truth, okay? It's not that complicated. Okay, so what bothers you is the idea that you might be betraying a family member? Betraying I am helping Vienna keep the truth from Casey, okay? That's worse than a betrayal. That is torture. Well, then, I can assure you with 100% certainty it's not Casey's baby. Really? And how do you know that? Because there is no baby. What do you mean there's no baby? Vienna's pregnant. She told Henry she was, and she's trying really hard to be. But she's not That's why I had to change her medical records to make it look like she had been pregnant for a few weeks. This is one big, vicious lie. Well, that's a little harsh. Well, that's what it is, right? She had to get Henry's focus off of Barbara and back on to her. By what, using a make-believe baby? It's not gon na be make-believe for long. She's trying every day to get pregnant. It's basically a nonstop project. Unbelievable. Do you know what this is doing to Casey? He's walking around thinking this baby is his. And Henry what about Henry? He's supposed to be your best friend. And you are paying with people's lives, and you brought me in the middle of it. I'm sorry. I know. It's not gon na last forever. No, it's not, because I'm . What are you gon na do? I'm gon na go tell Henry the truth. No. Yes, yes. Then you go do it. No. Just give me a minute. One of us has to be the grown-up here, Katie, okay? What do you want to do, huh? You want to flip a coin or something? Is that there we go. Boom. Tails, I win. I'm gon na go tell, okay? Wait You can't do that. Well, try and stop me. That was good really good. But not good enough. I can do better.  Sighs Please, please, please be positive. I don't want to lie anymore. I just I just want a baby. Sighs Hey. Did you get any more information from Vienna? Yes. You are not the father of her baby. How's Yeah. Vienna swore it's the truth, and I believe her. So she just told you this? There was no lab result or anything else to back it up? No. I honestly don't think she's lying. You are really not the father, again. You can let this go now. No. Something's not right. Why can't you just believe her? Why are you so convinced she's telling you think truth? Because I I do. I just I believe what she's saying. Or is it you just want to believe her? What's that supposed to mean? Alison, I get the feeling you don't want me to find out that this is my baby. Yes, I have known all along that Meg has been drugging herself. And you never said a word? I couldn't. That I understand, because you can't be nothing to do with you. Why didn't you talk to me about this? Why? Because you make everything worse. Well, I don't And because I didn't feel like I had to convince you or anybody else that Meg was taking methadone on her own. I thought it would come out on its own. So you just sat back and watched? Well no, not exactly. You have so little faith in me? Given what you think of Emily, if I had told you that Meg was drugging herself, you probably would have accused Emily of drugging me. Am I that unreasonable, Paul? No. It's just that the stakes were really high, and I couldn't take the chance of you tipping my hand. You know? Barbara, you've had a hell of a day. Let's, uh, head to the Lakeview, draw a warm bath. You can get . No. I am not doing that until I find out all the details. Or can't I be trusted with the facts after the fact? You can have the blanks filled in later. Come on. Let's go. Thank you, Henry. Paul, I think we're ready.  It's quiet here. Yeah. Do you think I can have this?  Oh, my God. Where where are you taking me? I don't want to leave Eliza I don't want to leave Eliza No, no, no, no, no. Its okay, it's okay. It's all right. Shh It's all right. They're gon na take you somewhere safe.  Where? Where? The hospital. It will be nice and quiet there, too.  I want to stay with you. Maybe next time.  She's the evil one Why doesn't 's going to be all right. Everything's going to be all right. Emily's not going to hurt you. I won't let her. Look at me. Look at me. I promise you. Do you believe me, huh? Yes, yes. That's my girl. That's my girl. Come on. Here we go. Let's go. How are you? I honestly can't tell. I'm sorry. At least now things can go back to normal. I have never been through anything so so demeaning and insulting in my entire life. Barbara, let me do that. Here. Come on. I can't believe that my own son my own son did this to me. Why don't you sit down? You know, he had this planned. He shut me out, and he had a plan from the moment he put it into action. Yeah. But pretty clever how he went about it I mean, the whole getting Meg to reveal herself part, anyway. Well, I still blame her. Meg? Emily. Why? She wasn't drugging Meg. She bound and she gagged me. I I have bruises all over my entire body. Yeah, I know. But she was just desperate to get to Fairwinds to prove her innocence. The woman is a menace. Barbara, why don't you just admit it. You were wrong about her. Yes, and Emily will rub that into my face the rest of my life. So please don't do the same. Forget I ever mentioned it. I think you're thinking that I brought this on myself. I'm not saying a word, remember? You're probably right. I I don't think this ever would have happened if I hadn't been there at Fairwinds, Paul idea to move there. Which I wouldn't have done if I didn't have to leave here. Which you did to put some distance between us. Look, I'll share the blame if that makes you feel any better. That's gallant. Thank you. Move back. What? Yes. Move back now, for good, permanently. I No, things will be different. Things will be different this time, I promise. And I promise there won't be any, uh, feelings of awkwardness or any kind of difficulties whatsoever. How is that possible? It's not. Because every time I see you, I this is all I can think about doing. All right, I'm gon na make you an offer. All right. Try me. If you promise not to say anything to anyone about Vienna's medical records, I will go away with you. of us, for all that implies. Well, it sure beats buying me a burger. Chris, I'm serious. Sex for secrecy? Are we going on a road trip or what? You want to do this today? I say we do it right now. I should go. I know. Henry never mind. (Henry-sighs)  Paul's right. It is quiet here. Mm-hmm. Try and get some sleep now. Hmm? (Voice-breaking)  I miss them, Mama. Shh Don't think about that now. Just think about getting better, okay?  And I want to be with my family. Please let me go home to Eliza and Paul. You're safe here now with your mama. You're safe. Everything's going to be all right, Sweetheart. Everything's going to be all right. You know, it wasn't exactly fun for me to lie It was the only thing I could think of to get Meg to reveal herself. Can can I just ask you, at one point did you realize Meg was actually drugging herself? I can tell you exactly the moment when it all clicked into focus. Okay, great. Tell me. It was actually it was something that you did. What's that? Well, the day that we figured out from the toxicology report that Meg was taking methadone, okay, we had a conversation that day. Actually, I think it was an argument. Well, I turned it into an argument. Okay, what's your point? Okay, let me back up, all right? We were talking, and I asked you point-blank I asked you if you were putting drugs into Meg's tea. And I said no. No. You did more than that. You swore to me that you would And I knew then. I saw your your face. I saw the look in your eyes. I heard the words come out of your mouth, and I knew that you could never lie to me. That's so funny, because that's exactly when you started lying to me Well, I had to. No one was gon na believe you. Your word doesn't mean anything to Emma and Barbara or anybody else. I mean, I knew the truth. I had to figure out a way to get everybody else to know the truth. So you just started playing along with Meg? I set her up, all right? And and when she snuck out of the hospital and she broke in here, I knew my plan was working. That was the turning point. I knew she was ready to act out. I just I had to ratchet up the heat somehow. That's when I threw you out of the house watched your wife get arrested? Come on. I bailed you out. You did that? I thought my mother did that. Well, I'm sure she would have eventually. I I felt like I had to move quickly. And I had a hunch that once you were released that you would go straight to Meg. Really? You knew? You you just knew that I would confront her? I know how you are when you're angry, yes. And Emma and I were here. We were hiding. We saw Meg put the drugs in her own tea. We saw her take the gun out of the safe, and it was then we knew the truth. There was no denying it. You were your plan just it worked out it worked out like a charm, didn't it? I said I'm sorry. I am so sorry. But the key was that I had to convince you 'm so sorry. It was the only thing I could think of. I had to figure out a way to make Meg move. And I'm just so glad that you understand. Oh, I understand. I understand this much. On the next " As the World Turns " Take off your clothes. It was Meg. Go. Just go, please. Don't rush back ,' cause it's not like you're gon na have a wife to come home to.  We can find our way back to each other, and we could have a good life.  Marry me tomorrow. Yes? You don't have to do this, Henry. This wedding it isn't what you want. 
Brooke, we're gon na work this out. How?  You're gon na tell Thorne that you were just building a case to get Deacon to leave Bridget, because that's what you were doing. He's gon na believe that. He will believe it. That's the truth. Hell, I'm not your soul mate. I'm not the love of your life, but you had to say that, didn't you, to get Deacon to believe that he's not gon na be happy with anyone but Amber. Well, that is what I was trying to do.  Thorne's gon na know that. He's gon na see that. He knows how much trouble you've had with Bridget. He knows this whole situation's been hell for you. Brooke, you can make this work. And I tell him it was all a lie.  Exactly. You tell him it was all a lie. Even though it isn't? (Tony-remembering) Let's make already told you. I'm gon na get tested. I'm just not ready to do it yet. What do you think, you're just going to wake up one day ready to face your mortality? No You just have to go and go do it. No, I don't, okay? I don't have to do anything. What's your alternative? Living my life. Oh, really? Can you? Even if you find a way to deal with these panic attacks, I just want to know how you're gon na deal with it every time you make love to your girlfriend, wondering if you've infected her. Oh, stop it. Do you love her? She's everything I've always wanted. The life we could have, you're asking me to consider that that may never happen? I'm asking you to protect her. If you love her, protect her. here, huh? Yeah. Where's Kristen, in the restroom? She went home with my psychiatrist. She what? My psychiatrist ends up being Kristen's sister-in-law, Dr. Taylor Hayes Forrester. She was in here eating dinner with her husband. So why did they go home together? Taylor wanted to get Kristen away from me. Thanks. Oh. Well, that may not have been a bad idea. You're drinking, and you're in love, so your guard is down. That is a very dangerous combination for you. I'm drinking, I'm in love, and I'm dangerous? Yeah, my friend, you are until you find out for certain that you are not HIV-positive. Yeah, you're a threat. To Kristen? Tony, to anyone that you decide you want to sleep with. And I know that look. This girl is very special to you, isn't has ever meant this much to me, including Ellen, and for that very reason, it doesn't matter if I have one, two drinks, three drinks, the whole damn bottle. I would never put Kristen in harm's way. Do I want her? Yeah. Do I desire her more than any other woman I've ever wanted ever? Yeah. But would I sleep with her knowing that there's a chance I might be HIV-positive? Never. I haven't slept with her, and I won't.  Well, Taylor, Mom and Dad are okay, right? You're not holding back on me? It has nothing to do with your parents.  Okay. Then what? I mean, you said it was serious. It is.  This isn't about you and Ridge? No.  Well, Brooke and Thorne? I mean, Taylor, please, open up to me. Yes. It is. Oh, Brooke I know. I felt the same way.  What way? The forbidden secret, something you never want to acknowledge, and I didn't until I was talking with Deacon.  Brooke, you didn't acknowledge anything. You were just trying to save your daughter. Yes. Yes, I was trying to save my daughter, but Ridge, I have to stop lying to myself. It was something more than that.  Please don't. I love my husband. I love him deeply, but the feelings that I have for you  Just stop Stop. Go on, man. Go home. You don't have to worry about me. I'm not worried about you. You don't have to worry about Kristen either. Well, I'm starting to realize that. Are you? Yeah. I know you're not going to risk her life. You really Good. At least somebody still does. Hey, my friend, you have not made it easy. Yeah, well, I don't think that I'm HIV-positive. Well, I don't think you have HIV either, but if you want to be sure, you could get yourself tested. How did I ever score such a good friend like you? Oh, just bad luck, I guess. (Tony-laughs) Oh The woman is a mysterious creature, eh, brother? You speak the truth. If anybody can figure out that mystery, it's you. I used to think so up until I met Kristen. Man, I have never known you to fall so hard so fast. She owns me, man. I want nothing more than a life with her. I'd give up everything for that. She feels the same way about you? Maybe, up until now, up until Taylor tells happened between Brooke and Thorne, and that's why you interrupted my date? Well, sort of.  Taylor, what is it? Apparently, Thorne overheard Brooke talking to Deacon. She was trying to convince him to leave Bridget and go back to Amber, and she compared Deacon and Amber to her and Ridge, saying that she had just settled for Thorne when it was Ridge she would always love.  Well, of course she would say that. Brooke would say anything to save Bridget. She's her daughter. She didn't mean it. Maybe so.  Okay. So that isn't the reason you interrupted my evening with Tony, is it? Does it frighten you talking about this?  Brooke, I just think it's very pointless. No, Ridge. The truth is never pointless. Look, you and I share something that I will never share with anybody else. That doesn't mean I can't be happy, and I'm sure you feel the same way about Taylor. But Ridge, we shouldn't feel threatened talking about this, because what we have is very potent, and it's very chemical, and it will always be there. Thank heavens we know how to control it.  Yeah, thank heavens for that. I'm serious. There will never be another Ridge Forrester in my life, and I suspect there will never be another Brooke Logan in yours. Can you just honestly admit to that statement?  But why, Brooke?  Yeah, Brooke. Why? Taylor would actually do that? She would tell Kristen that you slept with a woman who died of aids? I guess she feels she has to. Why would she do that? Because you wouldn't? Ah, man. What happens when Kristen finds out? How would you feel? Well, I would be upset. Yeah. A person you love, I'd be pretty upset, too. Oh, Tony. That's not what Kristen's going to be upset about. I mean, you were practically engaged to Ellen. You had no idea she was HIV- positive. Kristen's going to be upset because you didn't tell her, because you thought you couldn't trust her. This has nothing to do with trust. Oh, really? Well, they why haven't you said anything? Because I'm so stupid. I've been buying into my self-centered denial of me not having HIV. I forgot about Kristen, about her right to know. She has a right to know. Well, maybe you're not such an idiot after all. What have I been doing? I love this girl. I've got to get to Taylor before she does. Hey, Tony, Tony, Tony. Look, sit. Look, what you're doing is the right thing, outcomes. Meaning? Meaning that you don't know exactly how Kristen's going to react to this. So what? So it may change things between the two of you. She needs to be told. She should have been told a long time ago.  Taylor, you are keeping something from me. What is it? All right. Yes, I am keeping something from you, but it's not my place to tell you.  Oh, come on. You can't do this to me. No, I can't. Hello? Hey, it's Tony. Is Kristen still there? Yes, she is. Did you tell her? Not yet. Put her on the phone. It's Tony.  Hi. Where are you? I'm just leaving the restaurant.  Well, honey, wait for me. No, baby. Listen, I I'll call you later.  Really? Yeah. Just do this for me, okay?  Are you sure everything's okay? Yeah, everything's fine. Now it is. I love you, Kristen. I'll call you later. Man, what happened? I thought you were going to open up to Kristen. No, I got a better idea. Thorne, how long have you been standing there?  Long enough. You know, I owe you two an apology. Five more minutes, and you'd both have your clothes off.  Oh, come on, Thorne.  Can't say that I wasn't warned though, huh? Mom, Dad, even you, Ridge. All the effort that you put out to convince me that I would never have her. Turns out you were just dead right. That is not true.  Oh, Brooke, you know what? Don't make joke of the family, because I'm your surrogate, your stand-in for Ridge, just like my dad was. Well, not anymore. You know, you two deserve each other, because you sure as hell don't deserve me Tony, you've wasted your time coming over here. There's nothing left to say about this. Yes, there is. Do you know how close I just came to telling Kristen? I'm ready, Dr. Hayes. I'm ready to take my HIV test. I can't go on like this any longer. I'll see you in your office first thing in the morning. Thank you.  All right. We're going to talk about this now.  You know what? There is nothing, not a thing that you can say to me, Ridge, so don't even try.  Thorne, you are wrong. You think you know, but you don't na deny that, Brooke, huh? You gon na deny it, pretend it isn't there, just bottle it all up? Wasn't that what you were just talking about? I was saying that I was happy with you.  Oh, well, joy, joy Doesn't that just warm my heart? You're happy with me, like a little dog just sitting at your feet My mother was right. You are a slut. (Brooke-gasps)  Don't. Don't you look at me like that, Brooke. That you could stand here and tell him that you have feelings for him that you will have for no one else? Whoa, if that isn't seduction 101  Thorne, there is a history, okay? And yeah, there are feelings, but so what? It takes a hell of a lot more than just feelings to make a marriage.  You ever say that to Taylor, Ridge? I didn't think on your butt. My God. After everything that we've been through, how could you? Ridge and I would never cross the line.  You don't have to cross the line, Brooke. All you have to do is close your eyes and think of him every time that I touch you. Thorne, that's not what I do. My God, I love you  But you're not in love with me, Brooke. You're in love with him. That's what you were talking about, isn't it, that you don't want to hide from those feelings anymore? The feelings that I have for Ridge are different than the ones that I share with you.  We share nothing Nothing, Brooke This marriage is a farce, because deep in your heart, you know what you really feel for me, don't you, Brooke? Sure you do, because you feel it every night when we're lying Hell, why wouldn't you, huh? Why wouldn't you? I'm not Ridge, the man that you share all the passion for God, I stood right there. I stood there, and I watched the way that you looked at him, Brooke. You never looked at me that way. Never, not once, and you know what? You never will. That's a lie. This is a lie, and I'm not going to live a lie, Brooke. I'm getting this marriage annulled. You know what, big brother? Here. You put this on. I'm sure it fits you a hell of a lot better than it will fit me. You know what? You two are the most pathetic people that I have ever seen, and I don't want to ever see you again Don't Don't Don't do this Don't leave Come back here (Thunder-booming)  It's over, over (Brooke-screams) Come back Thorne, please don't leave me here Don't leave Sobs 
Thank you  Been in there a long time. The longer the better.  Maybe this is the answer. Although it will devastate Rick. How could our kids get involved with these people. Of all the people in the world. Amber and Deacon Worst choices they could have made.  Couldn't be a better match, Amber and Deacon Maybe they are getting it together in there. I want them out of our family, for good.  No. We can't.  Yes, we can.  No, no. Rick and Bridget, we're married.  We can't resist each other.  No, no, we can. We can, and we will.  What is it? Amber, let go. Give in, just this once. Just this one time, baby. And then we'll know for sure.  The kid sure has resilience. Thought she'd . Ridge ; Anyway, I'd like to be there in case Bridget gets released tonight. Just in case. In case what?  All this business with Deacon. Don't tell me she's going back to the guy.  Not if anyone in my family has any say in it.  You haven't touched your food. Are you okay? I just can't get my mind off this patient.  Oneday back already you're consumed by it. Maybe you should consider quitting. Sorry.  Is it a rich house wife, feels useless, needs to get a job? I wish it were that simple. No, this is a man. A very good-looking man.  Oh, great. That's just what I need to hear. It's more serious than that. He's in total denial. Ridge Denial of what? I know you to find a way to help him deal with his situation. If he doesn't, it could be dangerous, even deadly, to him and to others. As you wanted, a private table. ( Phone ringing )  hello?  I am feeling so goofy.  Why?  Because I am so excited about tonight.  I am too. As a matter of fact, I'm sitting at our table as we speak.  You're there already?  I came early. I couldn't wait to see my beautiful Kristen. Kristen Okay. Okay. Hold that thought. I am going to be there in just a minute. Antonio Okay. Kristen Bye. I got to get dressed. I can not believe he's waiting for me Antonio Why me? Why now? I finally meet the woman I could spend the rest of my life with. Why now I assume his dangerous situation is not threatening to you? No. It's a medical condition.  He's sick. Possibly. Okay. I've said too much.  Okay. So that's how it's going to be, huh? I'm not complaining. I just want to be able to prepare myself. You think I'm to obsessed with my work? Am I being lousy company?  You're a lot of things, doc, lousy company is not one of them. In fact, I'd say I have a completely and totally irresistible wife. You want to know how irresistible? Why don't you show me?  I will as soon as I get back from the hospital. All right? I hope Bridget is okay.  As long as Deacon stays his distance, everything will be okay. And you and your father stay away from Deacon. by yourself? I'm fine. I'll even grab the check. That way you'll owe me.  See you at home. Okay.  I want to feel you next to me, I feel you around me. I've wanted this for so long.  No. Deacon, Deacon, please, please stop Stop talking this way. Yeah no, no. We can't. We can't do this. We can't. Yes, I want you. And, yes, it would be so easy just for me to give in, but I'm married. I am. I am Mrs .. Rick Forrester, and I'm never, never going to cheat on my husband. I don't care you strong my desires are. I'm sorry.  Yeah, so am I.  It's not about you, Deacon, or about how I feel.  How  All right. Do you want to know the truth? I told myself I'd never tell you this, but truth is, I love you.  I knew it. I knew it  You're a great father to Eric.  Little D. And there's got to be more to it than that. Come on  Yeah, yeah, there is. I love your strength and your sense of humor, and your incredible determination. You know you're nuts. You're certifiably crazy. You're totally irreverent, and you have a short fuse, and you drink too much.  I'll work on that.  And sometimes you can be the biggest jerk in the world, but for some reason, it just doesn't bother me. And when we're together, I get this feeling inside of me, and it just totally fills me with a sense of joy and. I don't even know love.  Yes. Yes. You're an amazing man, Deacon, and sometimes I wonder if you are the man that God put on this earth for me.  I am. You'd see that if you would just stop being to stubborn. Amber, go with the flow. Feel it in your gut. Baby, this is our last chance. Let's grab this and run with it. Come on.  I can't.  Why are you doing in? Don't do this, Amber?  I am staying with my husband. Please don't make me say it again, because it's really hard for me. It's been torture. Rick is the first good thing that ever happened to me in my life, and I am not going to destroy it. I'm not doing it.  I guess we know what we have to do then, right?  I'm just going to go you don't feel the same way about Bridget, and I don't care what you say to me. I'm never going to believe you really love her.  I love Bridget. The same way that you love Rick. And I may not get everything I need from Bridget, but I am not going to get that from anyone, anyone but you. And if I can't have you, if I can't have you, then I want Bridget. I do. She's about the closest thing that I'll ever come to getting the kind of woman I want. And I'll make her a good husband. But once I walk out that door, Amber, I belong to her. No more games. I won't hurt her again. And I'm not going to mess with her. So I guess this is it. ( Telephone ringing ) Hello?  Taylor, hi. It's Kristen. Oh your house, but I had to call you. This dress is fabulous. So that green dress looks really good on you?  It doesn't look good, it looks great. Great. Well, you have a great time tonight, okay  Bye, Taylor. Thanks again. No problem. Have fun. You're being released tonight. That's good news.  I know. I'm so happy. Oh, honey, we're so excited. But I want her to rest. Okay, don't worry. We'll make sure of that. I'm going to go see if her discharge papers are in order. Thank, doctor. Thank you.  Where's Deacon? Mom? Dad?  Deacon and Amber are talking.  About what? Honey, they're in a room together talking about Let it go, Bridget. Please, let it go.  Dad, how do you know what they're talking about? I was in there with them.  You encouraged it, didn't you?  Bridget, you know how they feel. You heard it firsthand.  You know what? I want to see my husband. He's not your husband He hasn't been a husband. To you since the very first day, since the day he took those vows. He was lying to you. And you know it. Honey, this is a defining moment in your life. You need to leave this room and come home with us and we'll help you get over all this.  And if you can't do it for yourself, you do it for me. Do it for your dad. Okay? You come home with us tonight. Right now. Hello, Antonio you sitting over here.  Yeah. I'm actually waiting for someone. Somebody special?  Dr. Hayes, I don't mean to sound rude, but this isn't a doctor's office. You have no right to be questioning me here. Fine. Come to my office tomorrow, And I'll question you there.  Do you realize how unprofessional this is, Dr. Hayes? Maybe it is. But we're talking about a life and death issue here. Until you get tested, you're a threat to yourself and anyone you're intimate with. Now, I want to see you in my office tomorrow.  You can't force me to take a blood test, doctor. No, I can't, but clearly you need to talk to someone, and I know you know that. I'll see you tomorrow. I need your signature, Mrs. Forrester.  Bridget, I know that you're torn about this, but I'm asking you, I'm begging you to do this. Do this for me, honey, please.  Deacon? What were you and Amber talking about? I already told you what they were talking about, their relationship. Isn't that right?  Actually, we were just sorting out a few things.  Sorting what out?  We were talking about what you overheard at the beach house. And we've come to a conclusion. The only conclusion here is that you, Amber and little d are going to be a family, because that's what you want. That's what you've always wanted, to be together. So you're going to let our children go, and you're going to start a life for yourselves. Isn't that right?  No, Brooke, that's not what's going to happen How?  Brooke, we've made a decision. Can you honestly tell me you're going to forget about her. You love her, Deacon. You share a child together, a family.  It's called commitment, and I'm not committed to Amber. I'm committed to somebody else.  The hell you are, Deacon  Wait. Just listen to me, please. Look, all I know is this Bridget, I've done a lot of bad things in my life. But nothing that compares to what I did to you. I don't know. Maybe your family is right. Maybe I don't belong here. I've got no business, and I should be as far away from you as possible. But I'm committed to you. I want this marriage, and I know, I know deep in my heart that I can be the kind of husband that you deserve. True You again. I swear to you. I'm asking you for your forgiveness. Take my hand. To come home with me. And start again. A whole new beginning, you and me. And this time, it will be a real marriage. I promise.  Bridget, I know you trust me because I'm your father. But I want you to trust me because I've never lied to you. And for you to leave with this man who has. Who has betrayed you and used you is the biggest mistake in your life. And you know in your heart and in your soul that I'm right. If you hadn't heard that conversation, if you hadn't overheard that conversation that day, he would still be lying to you, and he's lying to you now. Don't believe him. Don't make the same mistake again. Now, you come home with us tonight. You put this terrible experience behind you, and you 
So back at home.  Honeymoon's over. Time to get tough.  Oh, is this what I have to put up with every night? I'm afraid so.  My mother didn't tell me it'd be like this. Deal with it.  If I must. Now let me just get this straight. Brooke told you that she was going to take some of the stock that she was giving to her children and she's giving it to you, without anything in return?  Nothing in return. That doesn't sound like Brooke.  Yeah, I know. Brooke hasn't quite been herself these days. What's wrong with her?  I don't know. It just seems like she's burdened by something. Well, she has been through a lot this year, but to hand over what could amount to a controlling interest of Forrester Creations  Well, it's a lot of responsibility. Maybe she just wants to get 's all it is.  I don't think she's up to something, if that's what you're worried about. Well, then if that's true, then whatever this problem is Brooke has been dealing with, it must be pretty serious for her to just suddenly hand over the company to you, after she's worked so hard to get control of it.  Don't forget, it wasn't just her decision. She did talk it over with the kids. Well, that's another thing. I just can't see the kids giving over their controlling stock.  They won't regret it. I'll take care of them. Just like a big brother should.  So what do you say we go over to Brooke's and make it official, huh?  Are you sure you want to do this, Brooke? You do realize that if you take some of Rick and Bridget's stock and give it to Ridge that earned it.  I just don't understand what the rush is. It's just something that I want to put behind me.  You say you're not retiring. Not in the immediate future.  All right, then why not wait? Because this is an uncertain world that we live in. The last few months have certainly showed us that.  There's something you're not telling me, Brooke. You're not ill, are you? I'm not dying, if that's what you're asking me.  And yet you seem to be putting your house in order. Well, that's because my " house " has been in chaos for much too long.  Okay, well, maybe your personal life. You just choose the wrong men, that's all. Be that as it may, professionally, you've been very effective. Not lately, I haven't.  Why? What's happened? me these questions? I'm just spent. I'm just physically, emotionally, spiritually I'm exhausted.  Brooke, as your friend, I wish you'd open up to me. And as your lawyer, I wish really wish that you wouldn't do this. Not now. Think of your children.  My point is, Rick, depending on how much stock your mother wants to transfer to Ridge, he could easily end up with more of the stock than anyone in the family. However, if you tell your mother that you changed your mind and that you don't want to give up any of your stock to Ridge, then when the transfer happens, you and Bridget will obtain controlling interest in the company. Which means, someday when your mother retires or heaven forbid, when she dies, then you two will have complete control of Forrester Creations. The only question is do you want to have that option or don't you? Because then you lose that option. For yourself and for your children. In my opinion, it's a no-brainer. You just can't let her do it. I guess a part of me just hoped that we could all run the company together.  Yeah, but, Rick, that's not the way it works in business. Somebody has to be in charge and that somebody should be you. And when your mother retires, you'll be finished with school and you'll be ready to take over the company. But if you don't have controlling interest, that will never happen. I just hate doing this to Ridge.  Well, maybe it will be good for you. You know, being a CEO isn't easy. You're gon na have to make a lot of tough decisions. And this is your first. Well, I'm not CEO yet.  Yes, but you will be someday. It will happen. And when it feel this. Feel this. That's our baby in there. And you want to give him, or her, every opportunity, don't you? Yeah.  Well, someday when you're all finished running Forrester, then it will be the next generation's turn. That's our legacy, Rick. To give Eric and this baby such a rare opportunity. To have controlling interest in a company that their grandfather built. That their father ran. And that someday they'll run themselves. Now if you love them, and I know that you do, you won't do anything to rob them of that. Connor, I really can't deal with this right now.  Okay, then don't, just don't. When Ridge comes over here, just tell him you've reconsidered. But I haven't  Then tell him you need more time. It's obvious that you've been under a tremendous amount of stress lately. now. Look, this is giving me a headache.  Brooke, you hired me to look out for your interests. Giving a chunk of Forrester to Ridge or anybody else for that matter is not in your best interest nor your children's best interest. Please, trust me on that. Mom?  Hey, Rick. Amber. Connor. Look, can I talk to you guys about something? What, honey? This business about giving Ridge some of our stock. I don't want to do it. What are you thinking?  How good it is to be home. Is that all?  And that we have so much to be grateful for. Well, I sure do. I can't believe you're mine.  I just keep thinking about our wedding. You know, everyone was so happy for us. And that priest, God, he said such beautiful words. You know, he believed silver lining. Well, he did bring our families together.  Yes, yes. He did do that. But I think there is something more. Like what?  I don't know. But, you know, so many people kept saying that you and I would do something very special with our lives. Yeah, that is funny. A lot of people did say that.  Yeah, I just wonder what it will be. The silver lining. I thought about it a lot on our honeymoon. I did, too.  You did, really? The whole time. It felt like everything we did was, like, for a reason, you know? It felt like we were guided. Even to the orphanage.  Zende. I miss that little boy. What an incredible little kid. You want to?  Yeah, let's. I have the pictures right here. I put some pictures over . I thought you'd want to look at them.  Of course. That's why I put mine right here. (Kristen-gasps) Zende. There he is.  Oh. Oh. That kid. That precious little kid.  I know. God, to think about him back there in that orphanage. Well, then don't.  Oh, it's impossible not to. I just I hope and I pray that he doesn't have HIV. Well, I guess we'll never find out.  I don't want to find out. What am I saying? Of course I'm gon na find out. I've already written him a letter. You did?  Mm-hmm. When?  On the airplane. What'd you think I was doing? What did you think I was doing?  Well, you were writing oh, my gosh. I was writing a letter to him, too 're in love. And not just to each other.  It tears my heart out to think about him. (Kristen-gasps) What? What is it?  Look at his coat. His coat? What about his coat?  My God, Tony it has a silver lining. You don't want me to give Ridge part of my share of the company? No, at least, not yet. This is a big decision, and it's gon na require a lot of thought. Rick, that's not how you felt earlier. Well, that's because I was thinking about you and not business. But, Mom, you've been so fried lately, we shouldn't even be talking about this. I'm perfectly capable of discussing this. Well, I disagree. You've had too much else on your mind. And this can really wait. Ridge is on his way over here. You told our stock? Yes, I did, on the phone.  Look, why don't the three of you just go upstairs and let me deal with Ridge? Yeah, like he's going to tolerate that. You know what? Mom is right. You know, if she already told him, he's gon na want some answers from us. Look, Mom, I'm sorry. I've just had a complete change of heart here. I'm thinking about my future and my family, and I'm just not ready to go through with this. It's okay, honey. I understand. Maybe you're right. Look, Connor, why don't you leave and you and Amber go upstairs, okay? I will deal with Ridge.  Oh, no, no, no, no. Not with you in this condition. I don't have a condition I'm just (doorbell-rings)  It's academic now. That Ridge, Taylor, come on in.  Hey, Rick. Thank you.  Well, well, well the whole gang's here. How you doing, Connor?  Fantastic, Ridge. How' bout you?  Couldn't be better especially tonight. Oh, I see you drew up the papers.  Yes, I have.  I brought a little champagne to celebrate here. But before I do that, I want to say something. I want to say that this has been the most gracious gesture anyone in this family has ever done for me. It's a real vote of confidence for me, as a brother and as a friend. And I swear to you from the bottom of my heart that you won't regret it.  Well, don't let me bring down the mood of the party here. You've given me a gift. Let's celebrate with a little bubbly here, while it's still cold. Rick, can we talk to you for a minute?  Okay. When Mom brought up all this stuff about the stock, we all agreed that deserve more than 9.8%. And we still feel that way.  Well, good. I think that's fairly obvious, isn't it? Definitely. What are you trying to say, Rick?  I think what he's trying to say is that he kind of made a rash decision without really thinking it through.  And now you've thought it through? Yeah. I've changed my mind, Ridge. I don't want Mom to give away what is about to become Bridget's and my stock in Forrester creations.  Why not? Look, it just doesn't feel right, okay?  It doesn't feel right that I should own more of a company that I helped build? That's just because you're older.  No, it's not, Rick. This And if you had contributed as much as I have contributed to the company, you'd feel the same way. All right, let's not argue about this.  I have sacrificed the most. I have worked the hardest. Which means, when Brooke steps down, the company is mine.  Actually, there are two families that own this company, Ridge.  Oh, really? And how much did you have to do with this, Amber? This was my decision, Ridge, not my wife's.  Well, then let's talk about that decision. There's nothing to talk about. This is how it's gon na be.  Like hell it is. Ridge. This discussion is over. There will be no transfer of ownership tonight.  I don't believe you. I don't believe all of you. This is wrong And I'm not going to stand for it. Do you understand me? Let's Oh, my God. I never noticed before. Zende's coat actually has a silver lining.  Do you know what this means? Well, you've always been saying that my HIV is a dark cloud with a silver lining.  We love this boy. And we were just waiting for God to give us a sign of what to do with that love. And now we know. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?  This boy needs us. And we need him even more. We could give this kid an education. We could give him a family. We could give him a life  And then we would have the son that we thought we would never have. Let's do it. Let's fly back to Africa and adopt Zende. We're gon na have a son. We're gon na have a family. 
4942  Hey, Dad. You wanted to see me?  Hi, son, yeah. Thanks for coming up. You may have heard, your mother and I have been doing some estate planning.  Yeah, she mentioned it.  Well, I want to run something by you. I've already mentioned it to Felicia, and I'm gon na talk to Kristen about it when she gets back from Africa.  I thought they got back a couple of days ago.  Well, they did, actually. And they've gone back already.  Why?  I'm not sure. But I have my suspicions, and I hope I'm right.  Oh, my gosh. My heart is just pounding. I can not believe that our son is waiting for us on the other side of that door.  " Our son. " Wild, isn't it?  Oh, maybe we should've told Trisha to tell him that we're coming. That just means that everything That is not true, Brooke. You thought that he was gon na divorce her. He promised you. That is still no excuse.  But you weren't thinking clearly. Come on, Brooke. Your father betrayed you, your parents split up. Ridge rejected you, after leading you on for months. You needed someone, and deacon was there. Megan, Bridget loves him.  Brooke, please don't be so hard on yourself. All right. Look, thank you for that reservation. I just need to get away, I think, and clear my mind.  What do you want me to tell Eric about the stock transfer? Do you want to just deal with that when you get back? I've already taken care of it.  You're kidding. I talked to Connor.  Brooke, do you think that's smart? I mean, considering your state of mind and everything that's going on? The Forrester's wanted it settled, and I don't know how long I'm going to be gone. Hello.  Hi.  Excuse me.  I'm sorry. Mass.  Stephanie. Thanks for coming, I I owe you a special thanks.  Really? For bringing up the situation about Ridge and the company and his inheritance. You were right. It could have been a big problem.  " Could have? " Well, I think we've got a solution. Eric and I had a discussion that might be the polite way of saying it. Come in and have some tea.  It's a little early for estate planning, don't you think, Dad?  No, not really. And from a tax standpoint, the sooner we start to distribute these assets, the better.  Yeah, you're right. You know, that does makes sense.  And your, spending more time with the grandkids.  Really?  Yeah.  Well, good for you two.  I think I'm ready for that.  Well, you've defiantly deserve the right to relax a little bit, I think. So, you going to turn things over to Ridge?  For the most part, yes, although, I'll still be around.  Well, he must be thrilled.  No, he's not.  He's not?  No, he's not. Ridge has some concerns objections, really, to the way I've set it up.  Why is that?  Look, your mother and I own 49% of this business, as you know, and I have six children. And so it was my intent to divide up the shares six ways.  Rick and Bridget, too?  Yes, but I've reconsidered that. I mean, after all they're gon na be getting 49% divided equally between you and Ridge and Kristen and Felicia only amounts to 12.25%.  And you don't think Ridge would be happy with that?  Thorne, Ridge wants controlling interest.  Controlling interest? So you're telling me that he wants more shares than Rick and Bridget, right?  Yeah.  Yeah, well, you know what, Dad? That's more than half your shares.  I know.  You know? What is my big brother thinking?  Well, that's not the only issue. You know, it's mostly about about respect and appreciation for the hard work that he's put in.  Well, you know what? I work pretty damn hard, too, Dad, okay? And that's why we get a salary.  That's right. But he doesn't want to just be a figurehead. He doesn't want the title and no real authority.  Well, no one's going to question that guarantee.  Well, I can, okay? At least for myself. I'll stand behind Ridge no matter what.  Good. I'm glad to hear you say that. But Ridge needs to hear you say that, too, when we all get together about this.  Well, you got it. What about Felicia? I'm sure she feels the same way, right?  Yeah, she does. And I'm think Kristen will, too, when I talk to her.  Good, when is Kristen coming back?  Tomorrow.  Tomorrow? Wait a second, they went to Africa for one day? What's going on with that, Dad?  Did your mother tell you about the little boy they met on their honeymoon?  Yes, the orphan, whose parents died of AIDS?  Yeah. They fell in love with him. And you know how your sister is when she falls in love.  So you're  That's my hunch.  Wow. I think that's the coolest thing I've ever heard, Dad.  You haven't said anything to him yet?  No. He knows something is up. We had to take his picture for the passport. And he didn't understand when we took his blood for the HIV test. That happened already?  You didn't know? You came all this way without even knowing the results of the test? Well, he's gon na be our son either way.  Well, your son tested negative.  Oh, that's wonderful news. Well, is there anything else we need to do? I mean, paperwork? Or what do we have to do?  No. Your lawyer handled everything. In the eyes of the law, you are Zende's parents.  Well, assuming he's okay with it.  You don't have to worry about that. He left. It's been the same for the both of us.  Well, let's go tell him.  I shouldn't have blown up at you the other day. You don't have to apologize. It was an awkward situation for all of us.  I'm gon na talk to Rick, too, and tell him I was out of line. Really? But you were so upset.  Logan, I've wanted to run this company since I was a little kid, you know that? And to finally have controlling interest And we snatched it all away.  The point is, I can want something with every fiber of my being. That doesn't obligate you to give it to me, even though I might still want it. Understood. Thank you for coming here and telling me that.  Actually, you can thank Taylor. Taylor? She's the one who  She's the one Really? She would do that for me? After everything I put her through?  Well, no offense, I don't think she really did it for you. I think she did it' cause I needed a swift kick in the pants. Wow, well then she's good for you. I was such a fool to think  Hey I didn't mean to bring this up. No, no. It's not your fault. It's all I can think about. All the mistakes I've ever made. Why do I keep doing this to myself?  Doing what? Self-destructing.  Brooke, you're not destroying yourself. If anything, you should feel good about holding it together, here. Hey, hey, hey, hey. You should be proud of how you've come through this. When I told you that I was staying with Taylor, the old Brooke would've just jumped off the deep end you going on here? Did something happen? I can't really talk about it, Ridge.  This is me you're talking to here. You can tell me anything. Come on.  I see, so when you that say Ridge will be in charge He'll have complete authority. Eric is talking to the rest of the children, and he's going to get them to pledge their support.  In writing? He didn't say anything about writing. No, I don't think it's in writing. What are you giving me that look for?  Because, Stephanie, nothing has changed. Well, of course it's changed. Mass, it's no longer up in the air. Ridge will have control of the company, and he will have the complete backing of the rest of his brothers and sisters.  If it is not legally binding, it is meaningless. Stephanie, if it doesn't hold up in " Court "? They're not gon na sue one another.  Stephanie, listen to what I'm telling you. Hmm. A verbal agreement is worthless less than worthless. Eric's solution it's no solution at all.  Zende?  Yes. You came back  Yes, we did. Oh, I missed you so much.  Another honeymoon? No. We came back for something we left behind.  Something very special that, you know, we just had to come back for it.  All the way to Africa?  Mm-hmm. That's right. Now what do you think would be so special that we would come back, all the way back here to Africa? I'm going away.  Going away, where? I'd rather not say.  Brooke, what's going on? You were wrong about me, Ridge. I haven't grown. In fact, kind of talking in circles now. You want to explain? You know, I don't understand this. Everything I've ever done, I've had a good reason for. And now this I just feel so ashamed.  Brooke, just tell me what's going on here. It can't be that bad. Ridge, I can't get into it right now. I just need to get away, and I need some time to think.  Okay. And I know that your dad is handing over some responsibility to you  Hey, don't worry about the office. I can take over for him and for you. The company will be fine. I just wish you felt like you could talk to me about this. So do I. So do I.  You know, Dad, I was thinking, if Tony wasn't HIV positive, this probably wouldn't be happening.  You may be right. It probably never would've occurred to them.  You talk about turning things inside out, huh? I mean, Tony gets this disease, and because of Kristen, we think it's a disaster, the worst thing that could possibly happen. But instead it changed them, you know? I made them focus on what really matters in life. And it turned them into people who could open their hearts to this little kid halfway around the world.  Who wouldn't have had a chance for much of a life, if it wasn't for them.  I'll tell you, God works in mysterious ways, doesn't he?  And yeah. I fought them. Boy, I fought Tony and Kristen, every inch of the way.  Well, you know what? Maybe God was using you to test them, Dad. To make them stronger. And they passed. And so did you. And now you get to share in this miracle. isn't it? It's a miracle.  Mommy Trisha, they came back.  I see. It's very exciting, isn't it?  They left something here.  Really. What is it?  I don't know. I can help you look.  Oh, well you don't need to do that. You see, we've already found it.  Oh. So you're going back home now? Yep.  When? Tonight.  Oh. So, I'm happy I got to see you again.  Oh, but you're sad we're leaving? You missed us while we were gone? Well, did you talk about us?  A little. Well, we talked about you a lot.  You did? Yes, we did. To our friends, to our family. We told them all about you, how good of a kid you were. They all want to yeah.  You think they might come to Africa someday?  Ahh I don't think so. No, not anytime soon. But you could come to Los Angeles. (Zende-laughs)  What, you don't want to?  I can't. Well, why not?  Because I don't have any money. Hmm now, yeah, this could be a problem. Well, me and Kristen could buy you a plane ticket?  I don't have a passport.  Oh, do you need a passport? Well, I have one for you. But now you will need a place to stay.  Well, he could stay with us, I guess. You know, we have a nice little house. It's on the beach. It has an extra room that you could have to yourself. Would you like that?  You're teasing me.  No. We are not teasing you. We got back to you so much. And we figured since you're living here without any parents and we're living there without any children it made us sad. So we decided that you could come live with us. And be our son. What do you think, Zende? Would you like to be our son? 
I had to do it. They had my baby trapped in that house and I have to get her out. God, how'd this happen again? How did they get their hooks in her? You okay?  Oh, me, I just I cut myself. Is it bad?  No, no, it's not. It's not too bad. Oh, look at you, you look beautiful. Thank you.  I'm really sorry I got so mad last night. Well, I shouldn't have left town without letting you know. I mean, I'm sure you were scared to death.  Yeah, I was. Well, you can see now that I am great.  You don't really think I'm going to let you go through with this crazy scheme of yours, do you? Mom, it's not crazy, okay? I don't like that word any more okay. Who is it?  Ziggy. My landlord. You remember, the guy you hit over the head last night?  I'm not here. Fine. Hi, Ziggy, I'm kind of in a hurry. It's my first day at my new job. We'll just take a minute of your time. Who are you?  LAPD. How many of those are you taking these days?  None. I just quit. Good. I was beginning to worry that those had something to do with your mood swings.  They probably did. That and the postpartum hormones. But I'm feeling a lot better today. Especially after our little talk last night. Good, honey. I'm glad.  You were very patient with me. And I know I w being irrational last night, worrying about Erica. She seems like did hire her at Zende's school. You know? They wouldn't have done that without checking her out. Fingerprints, all that stuff.  Yeah. Yeah, you're probably right. I better get going. I want to say good-bye to Eric before I go. You know, it's really going to be hard leaving him here? Yeah. Busy?  That depends. Is this going to be good news? Uh, no, it's not. Well, I didn't realize that I was doing film at 11:00. I thought I was just going to come in here and have a nice conversation with you about my discussion with Eric.  I already know everything I need to know. You're still wearing his ring. You called the cops?  No.  One of your neighbors was concerned. Said she heard a commotion. I she did that, I'm fine.  Do mind if we come in for a minute? I am really in a hurry, officer.  We just want to make sure you're all right. Is there some reason you don't want us to come in? No. No, check it out for yourself. No corpses. No stolen goods.  So, who caused the disturbance last night? That was my mother.  So, it was your mom who trashed the place? She didn't trash it, Ziggy. She just she only messed it up a little bit. But  She lives here with you? No. She was just visiting.  Just visiting and she turned your place upside down? She wasn't only visiting. Here's what happened. I borrowed some jewelry without asking, that's all. And she found it, so, now everything is okay. So can we please all just get on with our lives?  Where is your mother now? I have no idea.  Okay, the lady's answered your questions. She's obviously fine. So we're done here, right?  Thanks for your time. Bye.  Thank you, officers. Sorry about that. It's not your fault.  You don't seem to feel very comfortable around cops. Yeah, well, I guess we have something in common then.  I guess we do. So, you taking off? Yeah, pretty soon.  Okay. See ya later. All right. Bye, Ziggy.  That's it, we're getting out of here, right now.  I'm going But you're going to have a really good time with Erica. Okay, buddy?  Yeah, remember Erica? Huh? Your new friend? She's going to come play with you today. You like that? Yeah? Yeah, I want you to be a good boy for her, okay ?. Okay. Now, I'm going to come home early, okay? I love you. Give me a kiss. All right, come here, buddy. I will leave as soon as Erica gets here.  Okay. All right.  Bye, baby. Bye. All right, buddy, come on. Let's get you ready for the pool, shall we? Uh-oh wait a minute. Let's put these things where you can't get to them. Look, Mom, just because you have a thing with cops  Look, I'm tired I know what's best for you. Yeah, well, if you did, we never would've left L.A. In the first place.  After everything I have sacrificed for you Who asked you to? Who asked you to take me out of L.A. And drag me off into the middle of nowhere? I like it here, okay? I think the people are nice, and I think it's fun  " Fun "? " Fun "? Is that all you care about? What about school? You left in the middle of the semester. How are you going to get into college? Amber never went to college.  Well, Amber was stupid and ignorant Well, you know what? She's my friend  No, she is not your friend, Erica None of them are The Forresters are not like normal people. They don't care even know what you're talking about, mom. You don't know them You just don't want me to have any friends because you don't have any friends. But you know what? I'm not like you, and I'm not going back home Not now, not ever  Is that how you talk to your mother? Look, I'm sorry, okay? God, mom, why do you have to be so mean about Amber? She's important to me.  Look, if you think she's so great, then why don't you go work for her? You mean it?  Yeah, one week, one day of dealing with her, and I promise you, you will be begging me to take you home. It's probably the only way I can get you to forget about this stupid fantasy. What are you going to do while I'm gone?  Here?  Right here. Just don't  Do you want this job or not? Because Amber's going to fire your butt if you're late. Thank you. Mas, I just I wish that you could understand what a confusing and difficult time this is for me.  Stephanie, forgive me if I seem impatient, but that's just the way I am. For me, it is black and white. Eric has never shown you respect. He has lost your company. And he put your life in jeopardy with that maniac Sheila. Well, I don't think that we can hold him responsible for Sheila and all her actions.  Oh. Who brought her into your world? A man that would do that, Stephanie, deserves your contempt, not pity. God, let's not even discuss giving him your love. (Doorbell-rings) Hey, look cool? Oh, look at how cute you are Well, thank you. Oh, you mean him. Did you get my message? Yeah. Yeah? So you know how to swim and everything? Yeah. I was on the team at school. And I know CPR. Excellent. Come here, pal. You are in good hands. Oh, I should get changed. Okay. Yeah, the bathroom's right down there. I'm going to go get this guy some breakfast. Okay. See you in a little bit. Did I get you a cool baby-sitter or what? Yeah? Give me five. All right. I have some phone numbers for you here. Okay. All right, here's our office number, cell phone, pagers, Eric's doctor. Here's the police station, fire station, you must think we're totally paranoid. No. Believe me, I know paranoid. My mother Oh, yeah? She's always just convinced that something terrible is going to happen to me. She must really love you. I don't know about that. I do. You can tell when somebody has this basic foundation. You know? A gut-level confidence. And you have it. I do? Oh, absolutely. All righty, well, I'd better go to work. See you later, buddy. You have fun today. All right. Bye, pal. Little-Eric C'm on, Erica. Let's go. Okay, hold your horses. All right, we're going to go to the pool, okay? All right. I'll see you later. Come here. Come on, little Eric. We got to get these  She thinks I'm paranoid. She just doesn't understand. Just one person one person recognizes me from my past, and they'd put me back in jail for the rest of my life. They'll send her to live with her father, that bastard. How could I ever be so foolish? Trusting James I was going to give up my life for him, but he didn't care. (Sheila-remembering) Please don't talk like that. Your life isn't over. Your life is just beginning. Marry me. Marry me.  That's what I thought. I thought I thought that she would that. I thought that she would have you and me. Then we could give her the love that we never had. We could've done that. James, we were so close. But you didn't want that. Sheila, please. Please come to me.  No No There's nothing you can do Nothing to help me No He didn't want me, no. He just wanted Mary. He didn't deserve either one of us. I wonder how you'd feel now, dr. Warwick, if you knew that I renamed your precious little Mary after the only man who really did love me Eric Forrester. He was so kind to me. As far as he knew, I was nobody. I was just a nurse. He treated me like a queen. We were married just for a few precious months. But I'll live off those memories for the rest of my life. Because it was the only love, the only joy that I've ever really known. So that's who she is now, Eric Erica Lovejoy. And I like to think of her as our daughter.  Erica? Hey, Mom.  What's the matter? Nothing. I  I'm all right. I I just wish you'd hurry up and get over this thing you're going through. Well, I have some bad news for you then. I love my job. Little Eric is so cute, mom. He's so adorable.  What about your idol? If you mean Amber, she wasn't home. She'd already gone to work. So Rick let me in, and he was so sweet, mom. There's something about the way he looks at me. You know, like he's really listening. And who am I, you know? Just a baby-sitter. But when he's talking to me, he makes me feel like oh, god, I don't even know. Like a princess.  What did you say? I said he makes me feel like a princess. Mom, I got to go. Little Eric is just dying for me you later, okay?  No, no, Erica, wait (dial-tone) (knock-at-door)  Lovejoy Come out, come out, wherever you are No? Okay, then I'll just come in with my new key since my old one disappeared last night. Well, now, see, this is what you did last time. Pretended you weren't here, so you caught me off guard. But I know you're in here now. It's just a matter of knowing where to look. Okay. If you don't want to come out and play, then I have to give the police a call, tell them what I know. (Sheila-screams)  You're not making any calls. That can be your decision or it can be mine. 
You've got a job to do, Ziggy. You've got to convince me you're not going to go to the police. Or I'm going to cut your Adam's apple out, and I'm going to eat it for breakfast. Hey, chuck.  Morning, Rick. Well, we hope to hear some good news today.  You don't seem nervous at all.  Amber's stuff got rave reviews.  Yeah, but that's happened before. The press loves a look, and the customers hate it. Mom's got so much riding on Amber's line. If the " new face of Forrester " falls on its face  Honey, that's not gon na happen. Come on.  Deacon?  Yeah. Honey, go inside, and I'll met you in a minute, okay?  Okay.  I just wanted to give you a heads up. Brooke's back. No, he's here, too.  But they cut the honeymoon short. Why?  I don't know. I have no idea. I just you needed to know  Megan  Yeah? Um, coming. Let's talk later, okay?  Please, tell me that you've left Whip. Please, tell me that you're free of this guy.  You know, I never should have let you come back home. There's a lot of things going on here that need our attention.  Yeah. But I had you all relaxed, you know? You were enjoying yourself. Now, all that tension's right back here. Oh.  Yeah. I know it's because you're going to be seeing Deacon. Yeah, well that has to happen sooner or later.  Are you ready? Hmm? Hey, because you stand. I'm married now.  Yeah, well, he's been married this whole time, to your daughter. Did that hold him back? Come on, it's the last big hurdle. You've got to convince him that this marriage is real. You are standing by your commitment. And how do you propose I do that?  Tell him all the great sex we had. He knows when I'm lying.  It's not to late to make it come true, you know? You got this big bed right here, and well, technically, we are still on our honeymoon, huh? Whip  Okay, I know, I know. You want to wait until after the baby is born. I understand. But Deacon won't. If you let him know we haven't made love yet, he's going to read all kinds of things into that. He's going to, unless you are No. I am finished with Deacon.  Okay, then you're going to have to make it clear to him, Brooke. The only way he's going to be able to move on, the only chance your daughter is going to have to save her marriage is if you convince deacon that we're lovers.  Sorry to hold everybody up.  It's all right. Have a seat. Hey, honey. How you doing without your pills? You okay?  I'm fine.  All right, everybody, let's get started. Chuck here has been working very hard the last couple of weeks, pulling together the numbers on the introduction of the ambrosia line. Why don't you show us what you've got, Chuck?  I'd be glad to. With an untested line like Ambrosia, you need to go beyond the numbers. It's not about and what's not, where you need to make the adjustments.  Oh, my gosh. What are you doing here? Oh. Hey, you're supposed to be on your honeymoon.  Hey, who says that we're not? This is one honeymoon that's never going to end, huh?  Aw, hi.  How are you, sweetheart?  Good. Hi, Mom. How are you? Hi. Great, thanks. (Erica-laughs) You little stinker. Little-Eric Come and play. All right. I'll be there as soon as I finish putting on sunscreen, okay? I can't believe this. My first day working for amber Forrester, and I can't even enjoy it' cause I'm so worried about mom. She's the one who needs a babysitter.  No cops. No cops.  Why should I believe ' em. I was just trying to flush you out.  Well, it worked. Aren't you clever?  Whoo I like a girl with an edge, but this is ridiculous.  I'm guessing you don't go on a lot of second dates.  Why are you still here?  I'm checking you out. You got ta love a woman who can take care of herself.  I just threatened your life, and you find that appealing?  Yeah, I had it coming. I rattled your cage, did it on purpose. I wanted to know where little miss Erica was hiding in here. Thought I'd find a scared little mouse, but instead, here you are, the mama lioness.  I want you out of here  You sure about that?  Don't make me regret my decision.  Put that thing away. You need me. . Why not me? It's clear you can't show your face in this town. It's a shame, too. Nice face.  That doesn't matter. I'm not going to be here long.  Yeah, you gon na go home without Erica?  No.  Well, then you're gon na be here a while .' Cause she's not leaving.  What do you know about my daughter?  I know she's hung up on the Forresters. She's working there now. Come on, look. If you drag her back home, she's just gon na snap right back here like a rubber band. Give it time. She'll get disillusioned fast enough.  Why do you say that?  How much do you know about the Forresters?  Not much.  Yeah, well, they're not exactly like they look in the magazines, all picture-perfect. of us. I mean, not like you, but anyway, your daughter hasn't figured that out yet, but she will.  You know something. No, no. That's impossible. How could somebody like you get the inside scoop on the Forresters?  Suddenly, the lady's intrigued. I think I'll leave while I'm ahead or at least while I still have a head. Catch ya' later.  Why'd you come back early? Was there a problem? No, no, everything was fine.  Well, better than fine. It was wonderful. But right now, we need to get down to business. I'd actually like to hear what chuck has to say.  Well, how's this for a wedding present? You've got a runaway hit on your hands. Great, great. That is amazing.  's wonderful.  You're serious?  You've already exceeded sales projections for the month by a lot. Yes Take that, Ridge. Oh, honey, come here. You did it You did it. You showed everybody  So chuck, why don't you break it down for us?  Well, I listed the designs on page three, ranked by their score.  Based on the results of your survey?  Right. The second column's where they stand in terms of sales. Now, you'll notice the rankings don't always coincide.  So based on sales figures alone, we're probably be discontinuing the feather top. Which would be a mistake. It's a huge draw. Women identify it with the line. They love it. It's just that most of them don't have enough guts to wear it themselves.  Well, way to go, Deacon  Well, getting the feather top into that music video. I mean, that was inspired.  Good job, honey.  Now, what's most surprising is what's not in this list, and that was your top seller. Well, why isn't it here?  Because it's not one of the designs. It's the handbag.  But it's just a bag.  That's right, just like any other which should tell you something.  It's not the bag that's selling, Amber. It's the brand.  Now your image is white hot.  Megan, tell Henry we're going to cut back on production on the bags. What? Cut production? I  Well, yeah. The last thing any trend-setter wants to see is her handbag on somebody else's arm.  It's very rare you hit gold like this you increase demand, and you increase the price.  And ride the wave for as long as it lasts.  This is so exciting. It's all happening just like you predicted.  Well, you had something to do with that, I think.  Well, I think you all deserve a lot of credit. It was a job well done, really. But it's not time to rest on your laurels. You've set a very high standard. You're going to have to work twice as hard now to beat it. Well, you can count on us, Dad.  I am, son. All right, I think we're all done here. Chuck, thank you.  Oh, congratulations to all of you. You want to celebrate or something? You want to go get some lunch?  I want to go home. Home?  Yeah, All right. Okay, listen, I have a couple of phone calls to make, and then I'll come home.  Thanks.  Brooke, I have to talk to you.  Sweetheart, you coming? Yes. Did you have fun going swimming? Little-Eric Yeah. Yeah, what do you want for lunch? Little-Eric Hot dogs. Sounds good. All right, I'm going to make a phone call, and then I'll make them for you, okay? Little-Eric Okay. All right.  Erica? Hey, mom. How are you?  I'm not doing really well. You know, I'm tired of this foolishness, and I want you to come back here right now. Yeah, okay, Mmom. I'll just leave little Eric swimming in the pool by himself. Look, would gon na get a grip on your neck. Look, Mom, just calm down, okay? Why don't you come on over here?  What? Have lunch with us. I'll show you around. You'll see the house. Mom, once you see this place and how these people live, you are going to realize what an incredible opportunity this is.  I already know how they live. No, Mom, you don't. This is like nothing you have ever seen. And Rick and Amber they're starting to become my really good friends.  Enough I don't want to hear any more of this You get on the phone, you call them and tell them you're sick and that you have to leave. God, why are you trying to ruin this for me?  Would you just trust me, once? You know, I have worked so hard anything Being safe is not the only thing that is good for you in life, Mom. But you would never know that, because you've never had any kind of excitement. God, why can't you understand that what I'm doing is right for me? I wish you would just understand.  Eric, sweetie, mommy's home oh. Oh, god. Okay. Just one. Just one pill. Eric can't see me like this. Just one. Just this one. Okay. Come on, come on. Come on.  I need more. I need more. Little-Eric Splash Eric? Eric? Little-Eric Splash  Oh, my. Honey. Honey, honey, what are you doing out here all by yourself, hmm? You don't even have your water wings on. Look, Mom, I have to go, okay? Amber's should have left you here alone. Hey.  Honey, why don't you go inside and play? Mommy will be in in a second, okay? Where were you? I I was right  You left him alone No  I saw him by the pool unattended He could've fallen in and drowned, Erica I was watching him the whole time, Amber. I swear to you. I never took my eyes off him. I was on the phone  You were on the phone with your girlfriends, huh? You were on the phone with your girlfriends while my son could've you know what? Get out What?  You are fired If you  Get out Just get out Go Just give me a chance to explain  Get out  Come  Come here. You and I are going to talk. What do you mean?  What the hell is going on. What, what, what?  You cut your honeymoon short. Well, don't read anything into that.  I'm sorry, I'm a little confused here. The last time you and I talked, you were going to tell Bridget the truth that you love me, that you're carrying my child. Deacon, I couldn't do it, and I'm glad I didn't, because it's just wrong.  It's it's right being in a bogus marriage to a guy that you can't stand? I like Whip.  You like Whip? He's been very kind to me.  How long do you think that's going to last, Brooke? Eventually this guy is going to want a real marriage  I'm talking about sex. I know what you're talking about.  No. No. No, please tell me you didn't sleep with this guy? You're pregnant with my child. Tell me it's a lie. Please tell me it's a lie. Hi, Erica. What's wrong? Nothing. What, is it little Eric? Is he okay? No, he's fine.  Yeah, no thanks to you. Okay, what happened?  She left him alone by the pool. Don't you dare contradict me Rick, I was there. She didn't see me, but I was.  She walked off, and she just left him there. I would never, ever do that. All right. Everybody, you know what? Let's just let's just calm down and there's nothing to talk about. I told you this was a bad idea, and I'm never, ever leaving Eric alone with her again. If you would just give me a minute to explain myself  Oh, so you can lie some more? I'm telling you the truth, Amber. Look, maybe we can talk about this when you're feeling better.  Oh, my. Oh, my god. She's accusing me of being drunk. You don't think I know what I saw? I think that you jumped to conclusions, and you were wrong. (Amber-laughs)  How dare you? How dare you? You know what? Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Amber, stop it.  You almost killed my son Amber, stop it Stop  If anything happened to my son. Stop. Calm down . Okay?  No You just let go of me. 
Hi, sweetheart.  What time is it?  It's early. Did you sleep down here?  Yeah, I didn't think Ridge was gon na be gone all night. Well, of course he'd want to be with Taylor. Dad? What is it?  Taylor, uh  No. No. She died? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Poor Ridge. (Knock-at-door)  Sorry. I was looking for Taylor Forrester's room. Yes, this is her room.  She's not here? No, she died last night. Is there something that I can do?  Oh. I'm a friend of hers from school. My name is Tricia Quick. I got a call from her saying that she needed me. Are you a doctor?  No. I'm a psychologist, specializing in grief counseling.  It's just 're Ridge.  Yeah.  I am so, so sorry.  Why did you call me here?  I had to. I keep going over everything that happened in my mind. That horrible night, what you saw and what you must think of me.  Why should that matter?  It does. It does, because you're the first person in such a long time to show me any kindness. Any real appreciation.  " Appreciation "? It was sex.  It was so much more than that. You told me I met my match, remember? And you were right. You were so very right. I want you to remember me the way that I was before, because that's who I really am. That's the real Sheila carter, or at least it's who I can be. If you just you find it in your heart to forgive me. was doing better.  We all did. But the operation wasn't enough. Her heart her heart was so damaged that oh, honey. You know, it was just a small miracle that she was able to come back at all for that last day.  Just long enough to say good-bye.  Yeah.  How's Ridge? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. This is I mean, this is so unfair. Taylor never hurt anybody. And the kids, those kids are gon na have to grow up without a mother.  We're gon na have to take care of them. We're gon na have to take care of Ridge, too. We're just gon na have to give him all the love that this family has to give. It won't be enough. It won't be what Taylor would have given them, no. But that's our mission. . But she didn't ask me to be here for her. It was for you.  It was for the children. We can use some help there. We haven't even told them yet.  Well, I can definitely give you some guidance. I have a lot of experience dealing with children and grief. But you don't want to talk about what you're dealing with?  I've been through this before.  Taylor told me that you lost your first wife.  Yeah.  Were there children?  No.  Then this is going to be very different.  Are you gon na tell me how I'm gon na feel?  Not at all. That's what I'm saying. Each experience of grief is unique as unique as you are, as unique as the relationship was. No one in the world loved Taylor the way that you did. Or the of your children did. You all are going to feel this loss very differently.  Each of us going through our own private little hell? Thank you. Thank you very much, you've been real comforting.  Well, is that what you want? Comfort?  What I want is my wife back, that's what I want  You can't catch your breath. It's very normal. So's the tightness in your throat. And the pain in your chest. Your body's already reacting to what your mind and your heart can't yet accept that she's gone. But not all of her is gone. I think you already know that. I think that's why you're here, in this room. You can still feel her presence, can't you? And when you go home, you'll feel her there, too. You'll see her in the faces of your children. You'll hear her She'll never be completely lost to you, Ridge.  You want my forgiveness?  I want your honesty. I know you're not the kind of man to believe whatever you're told, and you know that I am not the woman that they're talking about on the news. I'm a mother. And what I did  Mother? Mother? Motherhood? That's your rationale, hmm? Do you know who else is a mother, Sheila?  Taylor.  Yes.  How is she?  How is she? I was on my way to the hospital to check on Taylor's condition when I got your call. The last I heard, she was clinging to life.  Well, you have to know that I didn't mean to hurt her. It was an accident.  She was shot through the heart at point-blank range  It was an accident reason and one reason only to beg him to protect my little girl Because of the what you said you and Stephanie. About how Erica going to go to jail to pay for my crimes. And I knew that you were right, and it made me crazy. Look, Eric Eric showed her kindness. He saw how good she was, and I thought that I could get through to him. I had no idea that Taylor was going to show up. I wish to god that she hadn't  Why the hell are you telling me this? Why did you get me down here?  Because you're a very perceptive man. And you saw something in me. The me that I could be, if i weren't shackled to the mistakes of my past. You're also very persuasive. A man of influence.  And influence is what you need, hmm?  And what purpose does it serve for me to something that really was an accident? And more to the point, what good does it do you?  And if I were to help you?  My life would become yours. And you could do with it as you please. The possibilities are limitless. You have financial dealings all over the world, some in very dangerous places. There must be jobs that need doing, that no one else is willing to do that take intelligence and stealth.  And a devious mind.  Oh, I have other assets to offer as well. Of which I'm sure you'll take full advantage. At least I hope so.  I'll grant you one thing, ms. Carter. You certainly know how to play at negotiating.  Do we have a deal? (Cell-phone-rings)  Yes. Thank you.  Massimo?  Guard.  Wait. Wait, we're not finished yet. You haven't told  No one is gon na be able to help you now. Not in this life, or the next. Taylor Forrester is dead.  She's not really gone? Is that what you'd like me to tell myself? Is that what I should tell my children?  No one's denying what you've lost.  I didn't lose her. I didn't misplace her. She was taken from me. She was murdered.  I I didn't know.  No, you didn't know, did you? You come in here preaching, full of advice, and you didn't know anything. Ridge, please.  Let me fill you in on a few details. Taylor Forrester was the most brilliant, compassionate, loving, giving woman I ever knew, and she was shot through the heart by a demon. A psychopath. Sheila Carter's just a waste of oxygen. There about her. But she is still here. She's living and breathing and taking up space on this planet while my wife, the center of my world, the center of my children's world we're never gon na see her again. Now, how do I come to terms with that? You tell me, huh? How do I cope with that? Why don't you tell me right now, because you seem to have all the answers, so just tell me, huh?  No. Ridge, it's not her fault.  It's okay.  No, you're right. You're right. I need to take this where it belongs, that's where I need to take it. Where are you gon na go, honey? Ridge  Here.  Oh, thanks. Thanks, honey.  You've been up all night, haven't you?  I wouldn't have even known what to say.  There are no words, honey. It's just, you know, let him know that we're there for him, and that he's not going through this alone. And that we all loved Taylor.  I think even mom had learned to respect her.  I believe she has.  It's just it's so strange being here, in her house, and thinking that she's never coming back. And that the kids are just gon na wake up, and their whole world will have changed. I mean, they're so amazing. You know, it just blew my mind last night. They're so funny, and sweet, and confident. And you've got to know it's because of Taylor. Because of this whole environment she's created. That the kids just know that they're loved, and that their parents love each other. And there count on. But not anymore. Now they're just gon na find out that the world is this really scary place where the people you love just disappear overnight. What is that gon na do to them? Aunt Bridget? Are you sad?  Yeah. Would you come give me a hug, okay? What's the matter?  It's the same man? He's back? Couldn't tell you. You want to see him or not?  Oh, yes Yes. Yes, I do. Send him in. 
You look surprised. Didn't you know you'd have to deal with me? Oh, hi. It is you. Come on in. Could you just watch hope for a minute? I need to put those things in the car. Well, sure, but I have to talk to you. Oh, okay. Well, we're going to the hospital. Do you want to join us? You're going to the hospital now? Yeah, I thought I'd take Hope over to see Taylor. And you know how Taylor is with babies. I think it'll help lift her spirits. You look tired. I didn't sleep at all last night. You worried about your daughter-in-law? Ridge. Oh, I know. I was scared, too, until I heard that Taylor was doing better. And I am so glad she got to see her kids. I mean, It did. I know how close you and Taylor are, but don't worry. The worst is behind us now. No, Brooke, it isn't. No? What do you mean? They couldn't save her. They yes, yes. They did save her. She's fine Taylor died last night. Oh, god. What's the matter? Are you sad about mommy?  Yeah, I am. She's coming home soon. Daddy said. Don't cry.  Sweetheart, are your sister and brother awake yet? Yes.  Yeah? Why don't you go upstairs and get them, and tell them that we're gon na go for doughnuts. What do you say? Doughnuts? But I want to be here when mommy gets back.  Sweetheart, your mommy's Is she coming home later?  I'll tell you what. Your daddy's at the hospital with her right now, and he'll come home later, and he's gon na tell you all about it, okay? I know you love your mother very much. We all do. Now, go on. You go upstairs and get ready.  I don't know how he's gon na do it. How does Ridge tell his kids their mommy's never coming home?  Oh, god. Ridge, I I just heard. I'm so sorry.  Now you're sorry.  No no, I from the moment that it happened. I never I never meant to hurt her. It's the last thing in the world that I would have wanted. I've never done anything so horrible, and I am sorry. I'm gon na pay for it.  Oh, just I wish that I could make you understand that it was an accident. It was just an accident. I just I panicked.  You panicked? Holding a gun on three unarmed people, and you panicked? You see, I think you have it all a little backwards there, Sheila. Because the time to panic is right now.  It's going to be so hard for ridge, facing his children. He's not ready for this. Look, I'm gon na take the kids out for breakfast, all right? I'll give him some time.  Okay. I'll wait here so I can tell him where you are.  Okay.  God, what is he gon na do without her? I mean, he relied on her so much especially after he cut himself off from the family.  That is gon na have to change.  Definitely. Something like this 's got to be all about the kids right now, and just getting them through this. But Dad, you know, this isn't just something that you just get through. You never stop wanting your mother to be there for you. Everything they go through now, every holiday, every graduation when they get married, when they have their own kids. They're gon na want her to be there. They're gon na want her advice and her love, and they're never going to have that again never again. I can't believe this. Taylor, she's gone? There was so much damage to the heart that there really wasn't anything they could do. And Ridge? He was with her the whole time. He was very happy that he was. I mean, he said that she was very peaceful, and she wasn't frightened at all. Oh, god. Eric and I stayed there all night with him. So where is he now? I'm not sure. I just hope he isn't doing anything foolish.  You know, I never got you before. How someone could be so filled with hate, it would color everything they did poison their entire being. Now I'm there. I'm there. You've opened my eyes to a whole new world, Sheila.  No. No, Ridge, because Taylor wouldn't want that.  Oh, she wouldn't want that? She wouldn't want that? Why don't you tell me which part she would want, Sheila? Hmm? Would she want to get blown away? Would she want to leave her kids? Hmm? Would she want to look into their tiny little faces, knowing the hell they're about go through because of your twisted obsession, huh? Is that what she wanted? my little girl.  You were trying to protect her? You were trying to protect her. Really? You were trying to turn her into you, Sheila. She's a teenage girl, and you involve her in kidnapping and murder. You tell her to go out and get pregnant? What kind of sick psychopath are you, huh? But Taylor Taylor was about helping people. Taylor was about helping people even if they didn't deserve it. A lot of us depended on her, Sheila, and now she's gone. She's gone, but you you're still here. You're still living. Now, how do I live with that, hmm? How do I live with that, Sheila? Well, I'll tell you I can't. I can't live with that. And that means, neither can you.  Guard  Who's gon na care when you're gone, Sheila? want you to think about what Taylor felt when she was on the other end of that gun.  Stop it Guard  She didn't want to die. She knew she was gon na lose her life. She was never gon na see us again. I want you to think about that. I want to know who's gon na miss you when you're gone, huh? Who's gon na give a damn about you when I send you straight to hell Hey Hey Hey Hey  Get off of me Who's gon na care? Nobody Nobody's gon na give a damn about you Get off of me Get off of me She killed my wife She killed my wife I'm gon na send you straight to hell, Sheila Get him out of here.  You killed my wife So he got upset with this woman, he was already upset. It wasn't her fault. Well, I don't understand. Why would she want to provoke him at a time like this? She's supposed to be a grief counselor. He didn't need a lot of provoking. And from what I can see, she's good at her job. I mean, Taylor wouldn't have called her. Yeah, that's true. It's amazing. She was looking after Ridge and the children up until her last breath. Yeah. And if it's possible, even now. You know, when I was driving over, I could hear her talking to me, saying just the right things, always knowing just the right thing to say to you at the moment. I went in to her hospital room when she woke up, and I know it's hard to believe given our history, but she was so supportive and so encouraging and I guess that was Taylor. I mean, I never really knew that side of her. Maybe I just never really wanted to. But that's what Ridge saw. That's what he fell in love with. And that's what he wanted and he so needed. Can you imagine what it's going to be like for him when he goes home and he walks through that door? And all those happy memories they used to have there she's not gon na be there. She just won't be there ever again. Thank god he's got the kids. There's a lot of Taylor in them. I know. Well, they'll be the reason that he is able to get up every morning and face the world without her. And he's going to need some help, handling their grief on top of his own. I know. They're gon na be heartbroken, just the way na have a lot of support. He won't go through this alone. Yeah, but he's really alone, isn't he? Probably more alone than he's ever been in his life. I mean, what does he do without her? She was really his partner, and his strength. His inspiration, you know. How do you fill a void like that? I don't know. I don't think you can. Who does he turn to? I mean, he's got the kids, he has us, the family, but we can't fill a void like that. No one can. And he knows it. That's the toughest part. He knows it.  Ridge? Dad has the kids. He took them to breakfast. They don't know. I don't know what to say. I can't believe this. I am so sorry. (Ridge-remembering) Okay, here we here, and I'm gon na be right here and keep you all nice and safe and warm until that crabby old thunder goes away. And that goes for you too, bud.  What about me? Will you keep me all nice and safe and warm, too? Always. T Mom, when I'm an angel, I'm gon na go bowling on disco night. How about you? When I'm an angel? I don't think I would have any time. I'd be way too busy looking over my little angels on earth. Welcome home.  Wow. I was hoping you would say that. (Phone-ringing)  Do you want me to get it? Hi, you've reached the Forrester residence. Unfortunately, we're not in right now. So please leave a message and one of us will get back to you real soon. Have a great day. 
You want me dead? That's what you came here to tell me?  I want answers. That's what I want. What the hell happened out there?  I told you what I know.  Ah, yes. A 54-ton tanker just flew up out of the water and comes slamming down on a reef.  I know that it sounds crazy.  Look, if you want to cover your incompetence, at least come up with something plausible.  It's the truth  It's a lie And you're a coward. Worse, a fool, if you think I'm not gon na find out what you did. I have a full-scale investigation going on.  And nobody wants answers more than me  Wow, then we'll see about that, now won't we? And there'll be no escaping your responsibility in it. And no escaping me.  I was good. I had the whole place was rockin'. C'm on, you have all the ego-stroking you're gon na get for one night.  What else is an agent for, huh?  Hey, hey, I am not your agent.  Oh, okay. Then why'd you stop me from signing another week at that club, huh?  Because you have other things to do.  Another gig?  Maybe.  Oh, but you're not my agent. Listen, bud, you'd better jump on this while you got the chance .' Cause pretty soon everyone's gon na want a piece of my action.  Can I have your autograph?  See? Who's that?  That is opportunity knocking. Hey, listen to me. You, be nice. Cruz?  Coma etsa?  Stay here.  It's been a long time. How are you?  Good to see you. Good to see you.  What did you call this again? I called it a, that's why I thought, you know, I would call it a Ridgeridoo. It's actually a didgeridoo. It's an aboriginal instrument. Yes.  Yes, yeah. It's a musical instrument.  Hmm-mm. You just blow it. Put your lips together and blow.  Okay, easier said then done. But, of course, you have to vibrate your lips. (Didgeridoo-sounds) My God, you did it. You did it. You're gon na be very popular at parties, darling.  Yeah. I'll be known as the man with vibrating lips. Yes, very popular with the girls too.  Lovely. Thank you. You're riding high tonight, aren't you? Well, that's what honeymoons do for you.  You should take more of them. You know, you're right. That's exactly what I told your father. Look, let's settle something once and for that look every time I refer to Eric as your father. He is your father, period.  And Massimo? Massimo just has to accept the situation.  Yeah, well, that's asking a lot. You know what I've learned. You don't ask Massimo. You insist.  I well know that. He was ready to announce to the world that I was his son. I had to tell him that he would lose me. I know that wasn't very easy for you.  I didn't really have a choice. I was not gon na subject dad to that kind of humiliation. I was surprised to find you home. We saw that news about that Mexican oil spill. I mean, is it as bad as they say?  Worse. I'm sorry.  Massimo's beside himself. He was absolutely determined to never have something like this happen at Marone. Did he go down?  Yeah that's good. It keeps him away from Bridget, putting any more silly ideas in her head.  Actually, Bridget's down there right now, too.  Oh, excuse me. Bridget, isn't it?  Yes.  Is Dominick doing any better?  Much better. Did you wan na go see him?  There was someone in there.  Oh, Mr. Marone. I told you, he's the owner of the company.  Yes, yeah, I know. I just didn't want to interrupt.  He's probably gone by now. Anyway, he just wanted to make sure your son was okay.  If you're thinking about running away, forget it.  Running? Oh, you'd hunt me down, is that it?  Like a dog.  Put me in jail and throw away the key?  Why not? You're a murderer.  You don't the captain. The crew, the ship, all your responsibility  Anything could've caused that wreck Sabotage, a computer glitch  Of course, aliens from outer space. Come on, tell me the truth .' Cause I'm gon na find out one way or the other. You were drunk?  No.  You were stoned, high?  No Ask any of my men.  Good idea. Why don't we ask your first mate, huh? Let's see. Oh, sorry, he's dead. Seven other witnesses, all dead. Well, aren't you lucky?  Son of a bitch  Oh, my God Stop it What are you doing?  He's adding assault to his other charges  Charges? What are you talking about?  If I murder anybody, it'll be you  You're gon na go to jail, my friend, for the rest of your life you?  Manslaughter, negligence  It wasn't his fault  Oh, the hell it wasn't.  All right, you're leaving. Massimo, can't you see how sick he is?  Yeah, what about the ones that are dead?  Go, go. Massimo  I'm not finished with you. Not by a long shot.  Please. (Door-slams)  Let me help you.  I'm fine.  I'm so sorry. There you go. You all right? Well, pardon me, *  Massimo. What is Bridget doing in Mexico?  She went down there with a medical team to try and help out. Oh, well then she's not anywhere around Massimo.  Well, they could run into each other. Oh, let's hope that doesn't happen. I don't want him around her. You did talk to her about all of that and 'm still very upset that he was able to get to her the way he did.  Mother, she was just confused. That's all. Bridget, the young girl who never wanted to anything like her mother, who's always had such a sense of propriety and honor and dignity, thinking that she could have a romantic relationship with you. I guess that show how immature she is or shows irresistible you are.  Look, you don't have to worry about Bridget and me ,' cause I have a very full dance card right now. Am I take it that you're dating again?  Well Wow, that's great. I knew once was Brooke was out of the picture she is out of the picture?  No, mother, she's not. You forgave her. You actually forgave her?  You just relax here. You really think that that slut is worth forgiving.  Mother, stop. I She betrays her daughter, and you want her to raise your children?  People make mistakes, as you should well know. Oh  You should. You know, what do you want it both ways? You want me to forgive and accept you, but not Brooke? Don't you dare compare me to Brooke.  You really think you're all that different? I don't.  There's somebody I want to introduce you to. April Knight, Cruz *  Mucho gusto.  Mucho gusto.  She's very lovely. And you were right she's very talented.  You heard me sing?  Mm-hmm.  Well, I invited Cruz to come to the club tonight to get his expert opinion.  Now I know who you are. You're Cruz * You host that variety show.  That's right. That's right. But you know what I really enjoy doing is helping young performers such .  Wow. You're too good to be true.  Right now I'm putting together a charity concert in Miami and I'm looking for a few fresh faces to perform. Would you be interested?  Would I be interested?  Yes, yes, you would.  Of course I'd be interested Thank you.  Well, after what I saw tonight I think your friend Deacon is right. You'd be an excellent addition to the evening.  I did the right thing.  Why does Massimo blame you?  Ask him.  Does he have some kind of evidence?  There is no evidence. There's one truth here eight men are dead. You'd think he'd want to know why instead of looking for a scapegoat.  Look, he's upset. I mean, it's a terrible thing what happened, and he was just reacting  Get out Get out of here Are you deliberately trying to make me angry?  Mother, it wasn't meant to be an insult. I love you and Brooke very much. You don't love Brooke You can't love Brooke Well, he puts on a pretty good show. Hello, sweetheart.  This is great.  Best of luck to you, April. I look forward to seeing you in Miami.  Okay. Bye I'll see you in Miami Oh, my God That was amazing. How did you do that?  I used to run this little bar in Vegas. Cruz used to come in when he was scouting new acts. I kept in touch with him.  You're good. You're a natural. You have to be my agent.  What, and spend the rest of my days kissing your butt? No.  Among other things. Don't worry, I'll make it worth your while. You would probably say it's lust. Knowing you? That's what it is.  Mother, this is way beneath you. What are you thinking? Certainly not about your children Taylor's children.  She's very good with the kids. Why? Because she gives them parties and takes them for rides in limousines? No, Stephanie, because I love them. As much as you can love anybody until they get in your way. You know now what she's capable of  I'm not gon na listen to any more of this. Yes, you are. Ridge, she is not the answer. There's someone out there who will love you. Someone who has wonderful morals and values, that you can appreciate, that your children can look up to. That will make you happy the way Taylor did. Don't settle for this. Don't settle for anyone who isn't as wonderful as Taylor was 're going through right now.  For some reason, I really don't think so. I need you to do something for me.  What?  Get me some clothes. I've got to get out of here.  Forget it.  Bridget, please, I have to find out what happened to my tanker.  There's a whole team of investigators working on that.  Hired by Massimo to put the finger on me.  You think they'd try to frame you?  They're getting paid to put my head on a platter.  No, no, Massimo would never do that.  And still believe in the tooth fairy, don't ya kid?  Look, he might be angry tight now, but he is fair.  He called me a murderer a cold-blooded killer.  He shouldn't have said that.  He shouldn't have, but he did. And he's gon na keep on saying it telling her he's dead because of me. And I would've died for that man. I'd have died to save all of them. He's a liar. He's a liar, and I'm gon na prove it.  No, no, you can't leave. You're not well enough. And it'll look like you're running Look, the truth's gon na come out. So there's no point risking your life, or getting thrown in jail. Now get back in bed.  Hello. Captain Payne has no comment. What? Where'd you hear that? Where was it centered? Oh, my God Oh, my God It was an earthquake. It was an earthquake It was underwater. A 6.8.  Earthquake. Earthquake. You're sure?  Yeah, yeah, they just confirmed it.  The jolt. That was a shockwave (Alarm-sounds)  You were less than three miles from then't your fault. 
For the way you handled my mother yesterday. If this is what I get for losing my temper, I should invite your mother over more often.  Do you think you could handle that? I'm not going to let her get to me, with all of her institutionals and accusations. I've had it.  Do you think I was too hard on her? No. The way you stood up for me. It really meant a lot.  Unfortunately, I don't think that's the end of the story here. Well, she can moan and groan all she wants, but it's certainly not going to change a thing. You and I are back on track, Thomas is beginning to accept our relationship, so there's really nothing else that can stand in our way. Oh, I forgot to tell you, Bridget's back in town.  Already? Most of the sailors had been sent home and some transferredn't even imagine what she's been through the last few days. You haven't talked to her?  Briefly. She called Massimo after the captain was brought in. Well, she will be home soon and I know she wants to see you and the kids. Do you know what, I have to run these downstairs. I'll be right back.  Dominick, are you dizzy? Dominick, I hate that name. Call me Nick, will you?  The doctor warned you it might be too soon to travel. Maybe you shouldn't be trying to write.  I want to write the families of the men I lost. I don't know what to say or how to explain.  It wasn't your fault. It was an earthquake.  I don't think that will be much consolation.  I'm sure Marone Industries also provide them with some sort of compensation.  All they're providing right now is blame .  And he didn't try to find out. The years I've served that fleet. He lost a tanker. Tarnished his reputation. I lost my mates. Men that counted on me.  I'm telling you, I had that place jumping. People were just pouring in off the street. I wish Amber and I could have been there.  You had better work. And klups ain't exactly your scene.  What's going on? Not much. April was just telling me about her gig.  That's small potatoes now. I'm going to Miami now. My agent got me a concert down there.  I didn't know you had an agent. April, you're not talking about.  Yeah. And he's amazing. He negotiated the whole deal with the club and the concert down this, and this guy Cruz. He's, like, doing the whole contact. Speak of the Well, there you are. I was afraid you weren't going to come. What do you want, Brooke? The same thing you want, Stephanie. To keep this family together. And I'm going to give you a chance to do that. Now, I know Ridge told you how he feels about me. Some day we're going to get married. And when that day comes, I would like you to stand up for me.  This is not your agent. Please, just tell me you didn't sign a contract with him.  You knew about this? I told her to walk away.  April, this guy does not know anything about the music business. Doesn't know anything about anything. He's a freaking bartender.  Not anymore, Ricky. Have you gotten over this whole thing twin thing? You, are you ready to go to Miami?  April he doesn't know .  Was that the sound of sour grapes that I just heard? Because I know you wouldn't actually begrudge success to your twin sister, Amber?  No. I can't stand to see her taken advantage of by a low life like you.  Ouch, that hurts. How long has it been since you've been in an airplane?  you can't smoke that in he. listen, I wanted to talk to you about Massimo.  I don't.  The way he came down on you was not fair at all. But he's not heartless. When he finds out what really happened.  I want more than an apology.  Massimo is a very proud man. Trust me, if he apologizes to you, it's a sign of respect.  Respect. I'll tell you about respect. I used to dream about meeting him. The great Massimo Marone. I grew up hearing stories about him.  He was a businessman out of Seattle. Used to go up to his boat off looked the port. I'd watch tankers coming and going. Watch them a day.  Your parents still live in Seattle?  He died when I was young. My mom, she's tough. She made it on her own. Couldn't quite understand when I took to the sea so much, but she supported it eventually. She loves me. That's why she gave me this ring. My ring. I don't have my ring.  Do you know what? They probably took it off at the hospital. The nurse gave your mother all your things. I'm sure she has it. We're going to be landing in a few minutes. You can call her as soon as we get into the airport. Okay? And then I think you should go to your hotel and get some rest.  I'm going to see Massimo first. A little unfinished Massimo.  An offshore, undersea earthquake.  Tidal wave threw the ship onto the reef.  It's a tanker, for God's sake, it weighs over 54 tons, Admiral.  It's improbable but not impossible. Other cases have been documented.  It wasn't his fault.  No. There was absolutely nothing the captain could do.  Is he still at the hospital?  He was released this morning. His doctor couldn't tell me where he'd gone.  Oh. I think I know exactly where he's headed.  Deacon, what are you up to?  What? I'm just trying to help April get her career started.  He's already made me a ton of money. April, you do understand he's only supposed to take 10%, right?  Actually, Rick, I didn't make anything on this. I did this as a favor.  He's not conning he is damn good.  I wasn't able to get the penthouse. It's booked. Have to settle for the presidential suite.  Yeah  He's not going to Miami with you.  Amber, what is wrong with you. I'm a big girl am I can take care of myself. And hiring Deacon Sharpe is the best decision I ever made.  You and I, we've got things we've got to discuss. We've got details to go over. You guys, it was so good seeing you here, though. Let's get together soon.  Oh, boy. This is bad. This is definitely going to be trouble. You want me to stand up for he if you and Ridge get married. Yes. Oh, I'll stand up for you. When the preacher says, is there anyone here that objects to this ceremony I will stand up and say, " I object " Stephanie, Ridge has already made his decision. Oh, I see. So I just should just accept this because in your mind that makes it inevitable? Yes. I suppose you'd like me to bring the family on board too. They're already on board, but it's going to be awkward if you're going to be staring daggers every time the family gets together. Well, that doesn't sound good, does it? I know we can get along, Stephanie. We have before. I was trying to protect Bridget. Now you have an opportunity to protect our entire family, Hope and me, Ridge and his children. Your family? Yours too. I know we both want what's best for them. Shall we toast to it? Really? Well, unless you're saving this champagne for some torrid moment. No. It's just from a customer. All right. Shall I pour? Please. This is amazing. I mean, this is wonderful. I knew you would come around once Ridge told you his real feelings. Oh, it didn't really have anything to do with Ridge. It really had something to do with our conversation. You sort of clarified things for me. So I appealed to your sense of family? I think I could say you touched a nerve. Wow. I can't believe this. This is amazing. I thought it was going to be more difficult. But I thank you for your understanding and Ridge is going to be so excited. I can't wait to tell him A new beginning. No oh What the hell are you doing? I'm raining champagne on your little parade. When are you going to get it through your thick skull? I am never going to accept you. Never N-E-V-E-R  Your  Thank you. Come on in.  Brooke told me you were coming back today. I was going to drop these back downstairs, but they said you'd already arrived, so here you go.  They're so cute. Dr. Bridget.  I thought the sombrero was a particularly nice touch.  These are great.  Kids missed you.  I missed them.  They know you've been out saving the world.  Actually, I'm kind of busy right now. I really have to wash all these clothes right now.  Really. Bridget, excuse me for saying so, but it seems like you don't want me here.  Actually, the truth is, I don't.  What? You did? Don't worry about it. I'll take care of it. Excuse me, I'm on the phone.  Why don't you hang up.  Captain Payne.  That's right. 've been expecting you, Captain.  Have you now.  The admiral just informed me that the accident was caused by an earthquake.  Really. So, your ship are still going and my men are still dead.  But the specific- about pilot error  You mean accusation.  I made a mistake. Incredible tragedy, oil spill, loss of life. I felt responsible. I came to you for answers, you didn't have any. I will admit I did not react well. It was an extremely stressful situation. I was frustrated. I took it out on you. For that, I apologize.  So you're saying you're sorry.  I misjudged you.  And you want to be forgiven?  I offered you a genuine apology, sir.  And you don't do that very often, do you, Mr. Marone?  I rarely have reason to.  I heard that about you. You're a blamed me. Had you no facts, but you had to put out a press release and you needed a scapegoat. You didn't care about me or my men. And you see this? I lost my best friend that night. I'm godfather to his children, and I was there the night he met this woman.  I'm sorry.  When you came to my hospital room, you were concerned about one thing, and only one thing, and that's saving your own ass. Precious reputation. You're a coward, Marone.  Don't want to see me, really?  I can't.  Why not? Oh, God. Bridget, wait a minute. This isn't about that kiss. Bridget, that was just an experiment. I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable.  I didn't feel uncomfortable. Not at all. I just don't know how to tell you this. I felt something didn't, I lied. Now, if you don't, that's fine. I can accept that. Ridge, it's okay. It's okay. You're not going to hurt my feelings. You can say it. You didn't feel anything. It didn't matter. You're moving on, and you're starting a life with my mother. And that's okay. That's okay. I just need to hear you say it. I just need to hear you tell me you didn't feel anything. You can't say it. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You felt something too? 
That's a lovely gesture, Ridge.  Better come off sounding sincere, too. You're leaving?  Oh, I'm through putting words in your mouth, Mother. This is your last chance to get it right. You see, Brooke and I have decided to have a private ceremony. Which means the next time you lay eyes on her, she will be my wife. So, I suggest you open your arms to her and accept her into this family. That is if you'd like to hold onto your family. Go ahead, Stephanie. Make my day.  I said leave her alone.  How you gon na stop me, huh?  No, don't Don't  Shut up Shut up (Muffled-screaming)  Hey (Crash)  Oh, my god  Hmm, yeah. Way to go. I'm waiting. It'll blessing. Ridge will be very disappointed that you took the low road. First, last and always, Ridge is my son. And at the end of the day, he will always side with his mother. Just they way he did when he voted you out of Forrester. He did that so we could start a company together, so we could build a future together. Logan Designs is not a demonstration of his loyalty to you. It is merely a way to placate you. You're just upset because you were outwitted. You really thought you had your revenge. Well, you know what, Stephanie? It's over. Because you lost, and I won. What did you win? A Forrester wannabe? A shadow of the company that you used to run? We're going to turn this into the preeminent design house. We're going to be like what you and Eric used to be and love on our side. Real love. When are you going to realize that that's what Ridge and I have, too? You aren't capable of real love. I will do anything for Ridge. I'll be the best daughter-in-law that you could ever have. I'll be the best mother to his children. I'll be the best wife to Ridge. And I'll be a good friend to you. So, please, Stephanie, what do you say? Can we just end this war? Let's call it a truce. You know, once you start living in the house, he's going to start comparing you to Taylor. He won't Have I hit a nerve? No one will come between us, Stephanie. I am wearing Ridge's ring now. And it'll stay on forever. And just think you're the one who put it there. treat those children better than you treated Or what? What are you going to do? I promised Taylor those babies would be raised the way she wanted them raised. You know what, Stephanie? You're not going to bait me anymore. I promised Ridge that I would be nice to you. And I'm going to make him proud. I'll miss you at the wedding, Mom. Oops. Better luck next time.  Let's go, punk. Police want to talk to you.  Yeah, make sure you check out the syringe real good. He tried to jack my IV with whatever's in it.  Thanks.  We'll do that. You were very lucky. Pulse and heart rate are normal, but I'm going to get Dr. Cooper just in case.  Thank you. If this keeps up, they premed.  Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're a student?  Yeah.  See, now here I thought with moves like that you were a full-fledged doctor. So, tell me, what's it like having to learn all those medical tongue twisters?  Hey, can we get back to what just happened here, please?  Oh, yeah, that. You know, I don't know. That dude probably has a problem with guys in hospital gowns.  The truth. What kind of trouble are you in? Sally?  So? Tell me what happened. Did the wildcat go quietly or did she try to scratch your eyes out? Sally  Listen, it's okay. You don't have to spare me anything here. Just tell me the truth. What did Brooke say when you told her that Ridge was not going to hand over my company to to do that. I'm sorry, Sally.  It's okay. I was halfway expecting you to say that anyway. You know, he just he just has blinders on when it comes to this woman.  You know something? I could really use a drink. You know, when this office was mine a long time ago, Eric used to keep a bottle hidden away just for special occasions. Maybe he did this time, too. It's Irish.  Sacred liquid. Here's looking at you, kid.  Up the long ladder, down the short rope.  Smooth.  Who says I'm in trouble?  You're really not gon na tell me what this was all about, are you? Even though I probably just saved your life?  And you never know when I'm gon na need you to do it again. So do 'm I'm gon na go check on some other patients. Are you okay?  Yeah, I'm good. You know, especially now since I got my own personal terminator and all.  Yeah. I was pretty fantastic, huh?  Impersonating the terminator " I'll be back. " And then she just turned and walked out on her high horse.  That's terrible. That's terrible The nerve of that woman. Bringing a horse into a swell office like this. Right  Shall we have another drink? Okay.  Good. Let me hit you again.  You know, I'm not going to hit you. I'm gon na save all my fisticuffs for that cut-rate vampira that stole my company. Boy, you said a mouthful on that one.  You bet. I know how to talk. I could it's really nice being here with you like this. I mean, being on the same side for once is a nice change. You and I should've always been friends anyway, you know, because we're two of a kind. We're both survivors. We're like we're like cream. We always rise to the top. (Stephanie-snoring)  Stephanie? Is that you? Where are you, Stephanie? Huh? Where are you? Oh. Oh, how you doing over here? How you doing down here, huh? Huh? Hey? Hey? You okay? You okay? Huh? Huh? Wha  You look terrible, you know? Ow.  You look absolutely terrible. We've got ta fix you up a little bit. Come on. You know what you need? What?  You need a makeover. You need a makeover from tead to hoe. (Stephanie-crying)  Okay. You want Eric? I'm gon na show you how to get him. Uh-huh.  I'm gon na show you exactly what you're gon na have to do to get him Come on. Follow me. Come on. Come on. Easy does it. Over here. Okay, come on. I've got a nice spot here for you. Right It's a long way.  I know it's a long way, but it's gon na be worth it. Very long way. ' Cause we're gon na get him. He's gon na be crazy about you when he sees you. Okay.  Here you go. Here's a nice spot. Here?  Yeah. Yeah, take a seat. Oh, it's good.  That's good. That's fine. All right. Let me help Stop yapping and start working.  Oh, okay. Do you know something? My my Irish daddy always used to tell me he said, " you're gon na do a thing right, you should always start at the top. " Nice rock. Nick. Marta said it was okay to come up. So when's the big day? I don't know. Ridge is making all the plans, and he's kinda being mysterious about it. Makes it exciting. Probably doesn't want family interfering or any men from your past. Any guy in particular you're referring to? No. I just wan na wish you and Forrester luck. (Polka-music-playing)  Here comes the water. Every good hairdresser will tell you that it is best to cut hair when it's wet. Everybody knows that. You know, you might, actually I think I do. I think I do. And it's a good thing, too. Because if the rag trade dries up and I can't get a gig there, I figure I could always get work as a mortician. A mortician?  Ah Excuse me. That's all right.  There. Oh, good. Sally? Sally, why don't you come to work for us?  Ha That's a laugh. Ho, ho, ho, ho. Hey, we we could use a good  Huh? We could use a good whatever it is you do, Sally.  You know, now wait a minute. You do owe me. You know that? Mm-hmm.  Yeah, you owe me big. Mm-hmm.  Yeah? Okay. So, in order for me to come For one thing, I want my own office with a big window. Okay.  I want my own personal secretary a man. Okay.  A big one. You bet  Yeah. And I want a company car. Uh-huh.  A jaguar. Done.  So am I. Here. Eric Forrester, eat your heart out. Yeah.  Sally scissorhands has created magic. Oh.  Voila. You know, it looks a little hip-hop, don't you think? Are you okay about this? My marrying Ridge? I didn't come here to talk about what I feel. I wan na know what you feel. I'm happy. Then that's all I need to hear. Thank you. I bought you something. A he wants, but in my opinion it'll look a little better on you. Oh, it's beautiful. It's a compass. In case you lose your way. You're an amazing man. Well, if I've learned one thing since I've met you, you can't go through life alone. It's nice to have a friend. So, if you ever need one, you know where to look. (Thump) What was that?  Hey, Logan Get your butt down here Ridge. Oh, my gosh. I don't believe this. What are you doing down there?  Hey, we said we wanted to elope, so, come on, let's do it. Now? I I'm not even packed yet.  It's all taken care of. If you ever feel lost, just look captain. Okay, you'd better catch me if I fall. This is kind of tricky. This is scary. In high heels no less. You think this is funny, don't you?  Oh, you can do it, Logan. This is crazy. I can't believe I'm doing this. You are absolutely crazy.  And you're absolutely right. You're absolutely right. Told you I was gon na keep you on your toes. Come on, they're waiting for us on the runway. Wait where are we going?  Where are we going? Where are we going? We're going to begin the rest of our lives together. That's where we're going. Come on. Come on, let's go. 
Who am I where am I wait a minute wait a minute. Wait a minute what is this? What's going on here? (Sally-gasps) Stephanie Stephanie, where are you? Steph Steph oh Stephanie, oh, come on. It's okay.  Mom, are you in here? Mom? Sally  Oh, it's nothing. It's not what it looks like, no, no. No, everything is fine. We're all through here. Yeah, we're though. Come on, let me help you.  Mom. (Stephanie-groans)  That's good. Attagirl. Oh, hi, honey.  Mother? Huh?  Your hair.  There you go. Oh, thank you. I thought this was the plane that went down in the crash.  No. No, this is just one more in the fleet. Well haven't told me where we're going.  And I'm not going to either. Can I guess?  Guess all you want. Give it your best shot. Give me a little clue.  Oh, okay, it's by the ocean. You're taking me back to Portofino?  No. The Canary Islands?  Now, why would we relive old memories when we can make new ones? Oh, we're going someplace that we've never been before?  Into the future, Logan. Into the future.  Excuse me. We've been cleared for take-off, Mr. Forrester.  All right, thank you. You can hang onto that, get buckled in. And the adventure begins. (Ambulance-siren)  You came. How are you feeling?  I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. .  I can explain. I know what happened.  You're angry. You said that we were in this together. You wanted to be a part of the adoption, Amber. You told me that you could handle it.  I don't know what happened. Okay I don't. I mean, you were gone. I knew Macy and Deacon were coming. I don't know. My mind it just started racing. You panicked.  Yeah. Yeah, I did. I did. I mean, I'm not proud of it but yes. You know, tell me something, amber. Is that supposed to make everything okay? Because it isn't. Deacon and Macy won't let me see our child, Amber. They don't trust us to take care of him.  No, no, no. They are the one's they are the are the problem, not us. No, Amber, you are the problem. I know you were scared. I know you're hurt. And I don't wan na make things worse, but I just can't shrug this off. You put yourself and our child in jeopardy.  No Yes, yes, Amber. You did. And nothing no excuse or explanation can ever erase the picture of you and Eric standing on the edge of that cliff. Our son, Amber. You kidnapped our son. And as angry as that makes me, the disappointment is worse. Realizing that realizing that after everything we've been through, and after all the times I have stood by you and defended you and forgiven your mistakes that you still don't believe in me.  No but I do No, why then why didn't why didn't you turn to me, amber? Why? Damn it, Amber, how could you do this to us? You're something, you know that? Come to my window. Ask me to elope. Get Stephanie's blessing. Whisk me away on this incredible adventure. That is the most romantic thing I could ever imagine.  Well, I hope we didn't exceed all of your fantasies. Otherwise, I'd have to have the pilot just turn around and go home. Wouldn't want the rest of the trip to be anticlimactic, would we? Or you could turn on the privacy sign, and I could return the favor.  Oh, okay. Well, you can't exceed my fantasies, Logan. Because this is my fantasy. Well, then I guess it's time to come up with some new ones.  Good idea. We've got the rest of our lives to do that, don't we? But why fun right now?  Got the blanket?  Stephanie, hi. Come have some tea. Hi, Sam. I'm just I'm going up to my room to lay down for a while.  Are you not feeling well? It's been a difficult day.  Well, that's why I'm here. I thought maybe you might like somebody to talk to. Oh, how sweet. No thanks. I think, I'll just take a little quiet time.  Well, Ridge told me that you two made up. He called?  He's out of town. He and Brooke eloped. Eloped?  You didn't know. I didn't think this day could get any worse. But now it's just gone to hell in a hand basket. He went off and he got married. Oh, god a good thing I turned that " do not disturb " sign on. Well, we wouldn't want the captain to see us.  I do think this outfit's against F.A.A. regulations, though. Do I seem dangerous?  Right now you do, yeah. You're actually so hot, I think you'll probably set off the smoke detectors. Very funny.  I'm serious. Very serious. You are absolutely breathtaking. What? It's perfect.  This this is the wild blue yonder, Logan. Anything we wan na do, anywhere we wan na go, there's nothing to stop us.  Rick please, just listen to me. I made a mistake. I did. But it's not going to happen again. You always say that, Amber. That you'll do better next time. That you'll make it up to time.  What are you saying? I'm saying that nothing's changed. You haven't changed, Amber.  That's not true. It's not. You're just upset You're damn right I am. But it's not just you. You let me down once, that was your mistake. If I let you do it again and again, that's mine.  I'm not the same person I was when we got married. You respond to everything the same way, Amber. You react. You don't think, you just barrel ahead, and then you leave Eric and I to deal with the consequences. Only this time, I can't help Eric deal with it, because I'm not allowed anywhere near him.  The judge granted us visitation. It was revoked.  Oh, god. We had him, Amber. We could still see And now we have nothing. All because of your reckless, selfish  No, I did it for us I did it for our family. You were running from the police. What, were you going to drop by and pick us up your way to Mexico?  I don't know. I don't I don't know, okay? I don't I got emotional. I got emotional. Deacon and Macy they were gon na come, and they were gon na take my son And now they have him, Amber.  No. No, please you have to understand I do. I do understand. I've heard it all before. When I found out that Eric wasn't mine. When you ran off to Vegas with Deacon. When you got hooked on pain killers I forgave all that, Amber. Until now.  Please don't do this. about you. But love doesn't mean a thing without trust. I trusted you to take care of our child.  I can. But you didn't, Amber. You didn't. And now he's gone. And we're not his parents anymore. I'm sorry, I just can't forgive you for that. Our marriage is over.  No, Rick No. Rick, come on  This is a look. Sally.  What happened? Oh, she was just trying to be my friend.  Oh, honey, she's not your friend. Well, it's the best I could do on a really bad day, let me tell you. Brooke was right. I'm just a bitter old lady with a terrible, terrible haircut.  Stephanie, that's not who you are. Look what you did for Eric. You gave you pray for, you may get it. I did. And Brooke won. Brooke won. For now. This is what I've always wanted. We've earned it, you know? Everything that we've survived. All of the missed opportunities. The craziness between our families. Gosh, think about all the years.  It's all behind us. I want you to just think about all the years ahead of us now, okay? Raising our children. Building our business. This is our reward now. Nothing can ever take it away from us. We'll never take it for granted because I think we realize how precious it is. And how damn lucky we are. I love you.  I love you, too. With all my heart. 
I can't let deacon talk to Brooke. I just can't. I have to stop him. (Jackie-remembering)  Jackie, listen to me. Ridge could be the father of Brooke's baby. Now, come on. You can't keep that a secret.  Oh, yes, I can. For my son's sake, I have to. So, you have something important to tell us?  Yeah.  Well, Deacon, we don't really wan na hear it.  Okay, I'm gon na save everyone a lot of time here. I know about the baby. I also know that the paternity test said that Nick was the father.  Well, that's got nothing to do with you. So why don't you just leave?  Brooke, please, listen to me for a second, all right? I care about you. If there's something that I can do to make your life easier, You can't.  Yes, I can. If you'll just listen to me, please. Great. Yes? Who? Maintenance. Just tell them I'll call them back. Thank you. Look, I'm really not in the mood for this right now.  Please, Brooke, I swear to you, just listen to me for a second. What I'm going to tell you is going to change everything, for both of you.  What if I'm too late? If Deacon gets to Brooke, he could just ruin everything. (Jackie-remembering) Brooke and Ridge, they're finally getting on with their lives. They're starting to heal.  No, they're miserable. And you might not be willing to do anything about this, but I am.  No, you're not. (Knocking-on-door)  Thomas. T Hey.   Oh, too bad. Looks like we both missed the lunch party. T It wasn't a party. It was a surprise for Caitlin. I ordered her lunch.  She wasn't hungry? T Her dad showed up and took her home.  Oh, sorry, pal. I was afraid of that. T You know him, too?  I ran into him at the insomnia. Apparently, Caitlin didn't tell him that she was working here. T Yeah. And now I can see why she didn't.  How could you do that to me? Dragging me out of work in front of Thomas and Mrs. Forrester?  That is enough, Caitlin.  No, you have no idea how humiliating that was for me.  More humiliating than having a complete stranger tell me my daughter's been lying to me? Now, if you'd like to discuss  I already told you  That you kept this from me, because you were afraid of what my reaction would be? Is that your excuse?  Well, you haven't been completely honest with me either, dad.  My honesty is not the issue.  Why didn't you tell me you knew the Forresters?  I don't.  Mrs. Forrester recognized you. Is that why you don't want me working there? You've got some kind of history with them?  Bridget? Bridget?  Yeah, I'm in here.  I got your message. What happened?  I don't know. Well, I had a break from class. So, I came home for lunch.  Yeah?  I found Pucci. She's just lying there.  Is she dead?  Yeah. Yeah, I didn't know what to Samantha, of course. I think she's at the office.  No. She's not there. I already called. Oh, dad, she's gon na be so upset.  Yeah, she is. I mean, Pucci was an old dog, but she's going to be very upset.  Well, I should have known my mother wouldn't show up. She probably met some interesting man in the first class lounge. Sam you know she's going to be very disappointed that she didn't get to see you.  Yeah. Maybe she can squeeze me in on her way back from Hong Kong #. No, but it's okay, because I need to take Pucci for a walk anyway.  Samantha. Oh, Eric My gosh. Bridget? What are you doing home? I thought you were in class.  I was. I some bad news. What is it?  It's Pucci. Something's happened.  What? She didn't get out, did she?  Oh, Samantha. Pucci's dead. Oh, Sam, I'm so sorry.  No, you're wrong.  I came home and I found her in the living room. At first I thought she was just sleeping.  She is.  No. Sam, she's not.  Oh, no, no. No Not my baby No Not my baby. (Samantha-sobbing)  What I'm going to tell you guys might sound pretty unbelievable. Deacon, if you have something to say, just say it.  Okay, this might wind up being a long shot. But as we all know, long shots sometimes come in. God knows you two are due for one. .  Brooke, Ridge, I think it's about to start looking up. (Knock-at-door) Now what?  Brooke, I oh, you have company. Well, looks like it's my day for unexpected visitors.  Deacon here was about to tell us something.  Could it wait? I really do have to speak to Brooke in private.  Well, yeah. I'll just I'll just hang out. Yeah, go ahead. Is something wrong?  Brooke, you better come here. There's a pipe burst. The whole fourth floor is flooded. Oh, god. Jackie, I'm sorry. I've really got to take care of this.  Oh, please, please.  Okay, come on.  Caitlin's dad flipped out here? T Big time.  Well, he was pretty upset when he left  I don't know. T The way he pulled her out of the office have you ever seen anything like that?  What, an angry dad? T I mean with him.  Thomas, I've never met him before. T Grandma knew him.  Really? T Yeah. She recognized him, like she knew him when he was younger.  He didn't look familiar to me. T Maybe he was friends with my dad?  Well, could be. He was a very popular guy.  Do you know Thomas's dad, too? Ridge Forrester?  Yes, but I don't associate with those people. And if you know what's good for you, neither will you.  What do you mean you don't associate with those people? Mrs. Forrester remembered you.  We weren't friends.  Well, played soccer against Ridge in high school.  You do know him.  We were on different teams for different schools. It was a a big rivalry.  So you were, like, famous back then?  Why did Abraham Lincoln say that character is like a tree and reputation is its shadow?  Because the shadow is what we think of it, and the tree is the real thing.  Fame is a shadow, Caitlin. It's not a real achievement.  So is that why you don't like the Forresters? Because they're famous?  I have nothing against the Forresters. I just don't want you to work three.  Why not?  You won't understand.  Then explain it to me. What's going on, dad? We never have had trouble talking before.  Caitlin, you just have to trust me on this, okay? Forrester Creations Please don't ask me to quit.  I'm not. I'm telling you.  No No, not without an explanation. Haven't you always said that I should find my own path? Well, what if my path is fashion? Would that be so terrible? I can still make a difference in the world, dad. I mean, look at Audrey Hepburn. She was an actress, and look what she did for kids all over the planet.  Okay, I will help you find another internship at another fashion house.  Wait, I already have one at Forrester.  Anywhere but Forrester.  Why? I don't get it. What do you have against these people?  Caitlin, I don't have anything against them, sweetheart. All right? I just I want what's best for you, okay? And I promise I'll help you find it. I call it lucky.  You know, Jackie, all you're doing is postponing the inevitable.  The building is flooding. Brooke and Ridge, they could be gone for quite a while.  Why is it that I get the feeling, if I checked in that little purse of yours, I'd find a pipe wrench?  Believe me, if I had a wrench, you wouldn't have left the bar.  " If I had a wrench, you wouldn't have left the bar. Sounds like a bad country-western song. Okay, Jackie, so, what now?  I'd like to finish our conversation.  Ooh, is this the part where you beg me to keep the secret?  I don't beg.  That is too bad. Might have been fun.  If you tell Brooke the paternity test might be flawed, she's gon na run straight back to Ridge.  Then they'll redo the test, proving that Nicky is the father again. And you will have ruined that poor woman's life.  Well, what's the alternative? Wait a second. You tell me. What? Brooke and captain Nicky live unhappily ever after?  They could be happy.  Okay, what happens if they find what happens if they wind up having a life together, all right? The whole thing's gon na be based on a lie. It will come out. It always does. You know that. Doesn't your son deserve to know the truth?  My son deserves to have a family with the woman he loves.  And you know what, Jackie, that very well may happen. Right after he takes another paternity test. (Samantha-sobbing)  No. Sam. Oh, Sam, sweetheart, I'm so sorry. I know how much you loved but what? That it'll get better, the pain will go away? It doesn't, Stephanie, it doesn't.  Oh, Sam. Sam, Pucci had such a long, happy life.  She was 15. She'd been with me for 15 years. She's all I had.  I'll go. It's okay. I'll try to calm her down.  Good, honey, thanks.  I knew she'd be upset, but This is a little over the top. I I wonder if there's something else going on.  What? I don't know. But I I know someone who might. (Phone-ringing)  Hello? Priscilla. It's Stephanie Forrester.  Oh, Stephanie. I'm sorry I couldn't see you today. My plane was late getting in, and I had to run to an appointment. again. Yes, I was sorry, too. Priscilla, is there any chance you could delay your flight?  No, I couldn't possibly. Well, it's your daughter. Something's happened, and I'm really concerned about her.  I just spoke to her. She seemed fine. Yes, I know you did. It's Pris, it happened after we got home. Her her little dog died.  Oh, no. She's really upset and, I think it would be a good idea if you could delay the flight and come here to the house.  Well, it's the last flight of the day, and I've got people waiting for me in Hong Kong. I know. But, Priscilla, I wouldn't I wouldn't say this, I wouldn't call you if I didn't really think this was important. I think  All right. I'll be there as soon as I can. Good.  Sam, I made you some tea. Listen, Sam, I know why you're so upset. Pucci was more than just a pet. She was a big part of your life.  You don't care what kind of problems you cause.  What can I say? The truth is a tricky thing. But, you know, at the end of the day, it's still the truth.  That is so rich coming from you.  Kinda funny how life works out. You know, it's not enough just to learn your lesson, Jackie, you got to walk it like you talk it. Prove it.  No one is asking you to lie.  Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe you didn't know that in our country, withholding evidence, that's as big a crime as to commit a crime.  Jackie, I don't I don't lie to people that I care about. Not anymore.  Ugh.  Hey, look, I understand that you think you're trying to help them. I get that you're trying to spare them pain. But, in the end, the truth is going to come out.  Stop. Stop with the moral proselytizing, will you? You're enjoying this. You are enjoying watching me squirm, raking me over the coals.  You do it with such class and dignity.  Bet you'd like a bit of that, wouldn't you?  Watching you squirm? Or your class?  I don't do miracles.  Touche.  But what I can offer you, Deacon, is something that you've been denied for a very, very long time respect.  This is coming from the woman who  My husband is a very, very powerful man.  Yeah, I've had the pleasure. We're acquainted.  Then you know just how much his family means to him.  Uh-huh.  I mean, this conflict between his sons, Nick, Ridge, it's been very, very painful for him. Things have just started to settle down. You're going to go and stir it all up again. He's going to be real disappointed.  Ooh.  But if you do what I ask, well, then there's no end to what we could do for you.  Oh, Deacon, you're still here? Look, I don't have time for this. So whatever it is you have to say, just spit it out.  This earth-shattering news you have for us, let's hear it. 
Deacon? You had something to tell us.  What's this longshell of yours, huh?  Brooke, you don't have any time for this. I mean, I'm sure that the No, no, it's fine. Maintenance is taking care of that. So? What is it?  You haven't heard? Deacon showed just part of his new collection to Eric Forrester today.  That's your big news? You said it would change everything for us.  Well, it could. You see, I've just come from Forrester and Deacon's a free agent now. Oh, okay, yeah, I get it. So, now you want to work here for me? Not in a million years.  I guess you'd better consider your next best option. I should be going, too. You had something to tell me.  It can wait. You've got  It's so nice to see you.  Thank you. Priscilla, how wonderful to see you It's been so long.  I'm sorry it couldn't be under better circumstances. All that matters is that you are here.  Is Samantha here?  She's in the guest house.  I've been meaning to call you. Thank you so much for taking her in. Oh, it's a pleasure having her here. Come on, sit down.  Thank you. I was shocked when she told me she was moving back to the old neighborhood. I didn't think she'd ever come back to L.A. Really?  Mm-hmm. She was just a girl when we moved away.  Well, she's grown into a lovely young woman.  A young woman with a flair for drama. Making all this fuss over a dog. Honestly Pucci meant a lot to her. Yeah, she's really devastated, Priscilla. Actually, you know, it was, her overreaction that, like, got us so concerned.  I can imagine. T Hey. You made it.  Yeah, I got your text message. You're lucky I had the ringer turned off. My dad would've confiscated my phone. T He's pretty ticked.  Yeah. He's been acting really weird lately, Thomas. Really stressed. I don't know. I've never seen him like this before. (Buzzer-sounds)  Yes? Bridget, honey, could you bring Samantha and come up to the house for a minute, please?  Right now? Um, Stephanie, I don't think she's up to it right now. I understand. But there's someone here she's going to want to see. you to worry another minute about this. You have been very kind to my daughter. But I'm here now. I'll handle this.  Deacon, I can't thank you enough for what you did.  Jackie, I didn't do anything.  Exactly. You could have turned my family upside down. But you didn't.  It doesn't mean I still won't. That was odd.  Yeah. What do you think Jackie really wanted? I was talking about Deacon.  Nothing that guy does anymore surprises me. The way he barged in here?  You asked him if it was about business. He said " No. "  Well, he knew we'd throw him out. And him talking about the baby.  It got our attention, didn't it? How does he even know about So, all of our problems are office gossip? Everybody talks about it?  Everybody but us.  There's no need to threaten me, Deacon.  Hey, Jackie, I just want you to know where I stand.  Yeah, you want to help Brooke. Well, so do I.  What by keeping this secret from her?  By allowing her to get on with her life.  Get on with her life without Ridge?  He's not the father of her child. The lab ran the tests twice.  It's kind of a funny thing about those lab results you know, they're a little bit, uh, inconclusive.  Dr. Paxson was just covering her bases that's all.  And now, you're going crazy trying to cover yours.  Nicky loves Brooke. He's committed to raising his child me like you're doing just about everything you can to make sure that he has that chance. Cheers.  Wouldn't you? I mean, wouldn't you? If your child was on the verge of getting everything that they had always wanted everything you'd wanted for them? Wouldn't you?  No. What I would do is want my son to be part of a family with a wife that loves him. But, you know, that's just me I'm funny that way.  Nicky and Brooke are starting to reconnect.  Oh, right reconnect which would explain why I saw Brooke and Ridge stuck together like crazy glue.  He's having trouble letting go.  Yeah, obviously. But that doesn't really seem to concern you does it?  Of course, I'm concerned. I care. He is my husband's child. I hate what this is doing to him give him false hope.  So, you're not just doing this for Nicky. You want what's best for everyone.  Yes, Deacon, I do. Even you.  You know, I was right about you. You are good, Jackie. You're very good.  Deacon, I'm a very influential woman. So, I could be a very valuable friend to you.  If I keep my mouth shut.  Well, let's just say the Marone family they place a very high price on discretion.  Samantha's going to be very surprised.  She doesn't know I'm coming? No. She thinks you're the plane.  Perhaps I should go talk to her on my own.  Sam, are you sure that you're okay with this?  Yes, Stephanie wouldn't have asked me to come if she didn't, your mother is here.  Mother.  Hello, my darling.  Samantha, it is so good to see you.  What are you doing here?  Stephanie called me.  What happened to Hong Kong?  Hong Kong can wait. Let me look at you. You've changed your hair. Not to worry, it will grow.  Priscilla, you remember my daughter, Bridget?  You're all grown up, now.  It's nice to see you again, Mrs. Kelly.  Please, call me Priscilla. I haven't been Mrs. Kelly for ages. Why don't we go into the living room and sit down.  Thank you. It's no wonder you feel so comfortable here, Samantha. This old house hasn't changed a bit. Now, would you tell me, what's going on? Stephanie and Eric are very worried, right?  Yes, I heard and I know how much you loved that dog. But he was very old. He had a long and happy life.  She  She must have been what 12, 15?  You know how old she was, mother? You gave her to me.  It was her time, Samantha.  Her time?  There's nothing you could have done for her. Well, no, there wasn't. But I think Samantha understands that. I think the dog was more than just a little puppy to her. It was more like like her baby. I'm sorry, Sam.  It's all right. I think we might just need a moment together.  Of course of course. Priscilla, why don't you stay for dinner?  Oh, that would be lovely. Thank you very off by then. Won't they, darling? T I still don't get it.  I know. Neither do I. I mean, my dad knows how much fashion means to me. But, he still doesn't want me working at Forrester. T That doesn't make any sense.  I know. Tell me about it. T It's got ta be personal.  Well, he says he barely knows your family. T Stephanie recognized him.  He says that he used to play soccer against your dad in high school. T Like a million years ago.  Yeah. That's not it. T Don't worry. We'll figure it out.  Thomas, he might not let me come back to Forrester. T But we can still see each other. We can still be friends.  Yeah. I'd like that. Okay, um forever if I get caught sneaking out of the house. T All right.  You shouldn't have come.  Stephanie told me you were in trouble. I couldn't exactly say no.  Right. What would they think? Maybe the Kelly's aren't as perfect as they pretend to be.  Don't be like that.  Sad? God forbid anyone should see me without a smile on my face.  Is this the way you were acting in front of Stephanie? No wonder she was so concerned about you.  Are you?  More than you know. I understand how much Pucci meant to you. I haven't forgotten.  But you'd like to, wouldn't you?  How many times do we have to do this? Year after year always the same argument. Darling, you have to let it go. You have to get over it. . I will never get over it, mother And I don't want you to ever say that to me again Just the fourth floor? When will the building inspector get here? Okay, thanks. Well, it looks like there might be some structural damage to the third floor ceiling. And I won't know how bad it is, until the inspector checks it out.  I'll stick around. Hmm. I think I'm going to send everybody home.  Logan, you're not hanging around here by yourself. I can handle it.  You're going to shut down over a busted pipe? Yes. I'm not going to put my people at risk. I have a responsibility here. I'm responsible for a lot more than that, aren't I? This baby, Nick  Logan, Logan, Logan, hey. I know I upset you earlier 's okay. It's not your fault. It's just hard.  I don't want to make it any harder. For either of us. Really, I don't. I just can't stay away. I know I should. I've tried. But it just feels so damn wrong. As much as it hurts to be with you it's much worse being without you. I feel the same way.  Well, then what are we doing? What are we doing? You said you you said you want to be able to cope. You said you want to be strong. But you just don't know what else to do. Hey, why don't we get away just the two of us and just have some time to ourselves, huh? Ridge, we can't do that. It's not going to help. I mean, we are always going to have your brother's baby that line. It's killing me. But, I can't.  Wow You really do want to keep Brooke and Ridge apart, don't you?  She's having a baby with my son.  Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's only according to the paternity test.  Which you could have thrown into doubt, but you didn't.  Yeah, you know what, don't get too excited about that, all right? Brooke is in the middle of a crisis and it just didn't seem like the right time.  There is never the right time to drop a bombshell like that on someone, especially on someone you claim to care about.  You give me a couple of days, Jackie. I'm sure I'll figure out a way to break it to her gently.  I thought we had an understanding.  What we have is a sure I want to keep.  You don't have to blackmail me. Blackmail?  Jackie, that's such an ugly word. I'm offering you my assistance.  You're going to have to forgive me if I seem a little skeptical. Let me hip you to the abc's of me nobody has ever given me anything anything in this life without it coming with a price. Anything that's of real value well, that's got to be taken.  I promise you you keep this secret for me, and you will be handsomely rewarded.  That does seem like a pretty good deal for me. It's just not so good for Ridge and Brooke.  Questioning the results now would just cause them pain. Believe me, Deacon. It's better for everyone, if this never comes out.  Goodbye, Logan. Good-bye. 
Well, congratulations.  What? You were a hit, just like I knew you'd be.  Yeah  Beautiful  Thank you. We did it We pulled it off Congratulations, everyone  Hey, hey. I got ta hand it to you, mr. V.P. That was one gutsy move. I just gave the green light. You know?  Right, after ridge told you to 86 the whole she-bang. Yeah, well he'll be thanking me in the morning after all the orders start pouring in. Am I right? You did incredible. Wow, they just can't get enough of her.  Yeah, they're not the only ones.  Caty.  Oh, my gosh, hi.  That was fantastic.  Thank you, dad. Wow, these are for me?  Well, they're the first of many, I'm sure.  Thank you. Oh, I love you.  I you, dad. I'm so glad you were here. Mom. Oh, mom, hi.  You were magnificent.  Oh, thank you so much. Yes.  Ahh our triumphant miss ingenue in the bosom of her adoring family. I have only one question for you, my dear. Young thomas forrester you were supposed to be on his arm during the grand finale. But you wound up on rick's arm instead. What happened? Our readers are just dying to know.  I swear, I could ring that dingbat's neck. Ridge, she said it was an accident.  Right. Like I'm supposed to believe darla, after everything she's cost us? You honestly believe she'd be in cahoots with sally?  Does it matter? We had to cancel the showing. Which I'm sure darla loved. There isn't anything you can salvage from the line?  The point is, brooke, it if he hadn't married that dimwitted secretary. Oh, ridge. He loves her. They have a little baby girl together.  Yeah, I know. It's got ta be killing thorne, too, after all he's done to support darla. Well, he can't support her now. Not after this.  Alexandria okay?  She went back to sleep.  We should call it a night, too.  I'll just I'm gon na make up the couch.  Darla  I know how furious you are with me. You have every right to be. It probably makes you sick standing here with me right now, huh? I am so sorry, thorne. And I don't blame you, honey, if you never forgive me, because I will never, ever forgive myself.  Thanks for rescuing me. Yeah, well jarrett can be pretty persistent.  So can my parents. I mean, they so am I. I mean, he's here one minute  I saw him, rick. At the back of the room, when we were on the runway. And the way that he was looking at me, I think he saw us kissing. I've got to find him and try to explain to him what happened. Okay, look. We're gon na wrap things up here. We're gon na find him. All right? Don't worry, we'll make him understand.  Okay. (Amber-remembering)  I know exactly what you're feeling. Thomas must be so disappointed.  Missed out on his chance to escort his dream girl down the runway. I'll go up and talk to him. No, he's not here.  Oh, he's not? Maybe he's out with caitlin then. (Doorbell-rings) Look, if that's the press, just You stay put. I'll handle this. I'm sure I know why you're here.  Oh, no. You talked to thomas. Did he tell you?  Tell us what? Hey, rick, what's going on? What's it got to do with thomas? So thomas didn't come back home? After the showing was canceled, you mean? Actually, the premiere went on as scheduled.  What? Look, ridge, I know that you told us to cancel it, but I just couldn't see throwing away all that hard work. I mean, even if sally had the designs  Which she does. Whatever cache we had, rick, is gone. Oh, that's not true, ridge, and you know it. Look, the people who can afford forrester originals want the real thing. Especially if we make that a selling point. We just change our whole marketing strategy, " don't settle for less than the best. have the distribution. You know, we can make up most of our losses. Look, knockoffs or no knockoffs, the collection is brilliant, and it can still do some big things for forrester.  They loved the line. Especially the showstopper. The crowd went crazy when caitlin hit the runway. That must've been an incredible moment for you.  It was. Until  Until what? Does this have something to do with thomas? Is that why you're looking for him?  He changed his mind about walking me out. So I filled in.  Why would he change his mind? He was so pumped up about it. I gave caitlin a kiss backstage, and we think thomas might of seen it.  Didn't I warn you about this? What the hell are you doing, rick? T What're you doing here, amber?  I live here. Rick, he, um, felt sorry for men't have to go. T Well, I came here to be alone.  But that's not what you need. I'm so sorry, sweetie. Let's go inside, okay?  What happened tonight? T Trust me, you're better off not knowing the gory details.  I saw them on that runway, thomas, I know what's going on. T I don't want to talk about it.  Yeah. You know, I thought rick and I still had a chance. T Let me guess. That's what he led you to believe.  No. Rick didn't lead me on. He's not that kind of guy. T Oh, great. Now you're defending him. Well, don't expect me to sit around here and listen to that. I'm gone.  Darla.  I know when I've gone too far, and it can't be fixed. That look in your eyes right now. so many different faces. When I'd go to a new foster home, I'd tell myself, " I'm gon na be so good. I'm not gon na mess up. " But I always would. And here I am. Did it again. And thorne, I tried. I tried so hard. I tried to be so careful, because you were the only man who ever believed in me. The only one who told me that I was intelligent. Who am I kidding? That's funny, huh? I'm not smart. I'm as dumb as ridge says I am.  Where are you going?  I'm just gon na make this easier on you, okay?  You're leaving?  I'll take alexandria with me  You're not taking her anywhere.  You're right, you're right, you're right. I should let her sleep. I'm not thinking straight right now, but that's known better, baby. The way we got together in the first place. Getting drunk. Pregnant. Our relationship started with a mistake, and now it's ending with one. Everything in between was so beautiful.  I'm sorry. Oh, thorne, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. (Darla-sobs) There she goes I knew you'd react this way.  Oh, rick, what's it gon na take to get through to you anyway? Don't you realize that Hon.  He's your son. You talk some sense into him. I had no idea that you and caitlin It's not like that, mom. It's not like we planned for this to happen, you know? It's just, it's just an attraction.  I'm so sorry for hurting thomas. I wanted to talk to him, and try to tell him  Tell him what? That It's too late. He's obviously already seen that. Now he's upset, angry. God knows what happens now.  Thomas, wait. I am not defending rick. T Could've fooled me.  You think you're the only one who's hurting? I mean, what do you think it was like for me to see rick look at caitlin the way that the way that he used to look at me? T You still love him?  I always will. T I'm sorry.  Maybe this is what I needed. You know? Just to have that image drilled into my thick skull. You know, I know that I have to let go. It's just that it's so hard. Where do I ever find that again, you know? What rick and I had. T It's gon na be okay.  Couldn't even make it to our first anniversary, huh?  Darla, stop. Okay? .  Thorne, I am so sorry.  And I don't wan na hear anymore apologizing.  It doesn't help, does it? For what I've done.  What have you done? Huh? What? You picked up the wrong envelope.  I cost the company millions.  Sally has stolen lines before. Okay? And she'll do it again. It's part of doing business in this industry.  You're not angry?  Oh, you bet I am. I'm angry at whoever it was that made a helpless little girl feel like she was damaged goods. That's what I'm angry about. If I could go back in time and wring some necks, I would. My god, girl, you are not stupid. Honey, you are the kindest, warmest, funniest, toughest woman on this planet. How can you not know how amazing you are? Or how lucky I am to have you?  You, and if they take that away from you  I don't see that happening.  Oh, god, if they do.  It's a job. It's just a job. You and alexandria, you guys are my life. So, right now, I want you to, I want you to look around this house, these walls, and I want you to tell me what you see.  Furniture. Pictures.  You wan na know what I see? I see you and me, right here, in this same place, 30 years from now. Our faces lined, wrinkled, my hair gray. And both of us remembering this moment. The moment that you realized that your life is and always will be with me. I love you, darla forrester, and I love the life that we have together. I know it's not always going to be champagne and roses, but you know this. And never doubt it. . You and me, sweetheart. Hand-in-hand. Always. 
Anything?  No. Thomas still isn't answering his cell. He will. Look, he's just he needs to clear his head. He's upset.  And why is that, rick? Okay, look. It's not my fault that caitlin's not into him.  She was. I'm not gon na debate this with you. If thomas has a problem with me  I have a problem with you, rick. With you and this whole situation. I am not gon na be lectured by you. I know what you were like at my age, with the models and the parties. Well, it's not like that, ridge. Caitlin is a sweetheart  And her father would like her to stay that way. You know how he'd react to this, rick. You've got this girl lying to her father, to thomas, to her friends. You put her job at risk. That's for damn sure. And now you I don't know why I didn't see it before. It seems so obvious now how you feel about my son.  He's amazing. Yes, he is. I can see why you're drawn to him.  So you understand? I was your age once.  You think I'm too young for him. Well, I do have my concerns.  You don't have to be concerned about me, mrs. Forrester. Your son has been a perfect gentleman. I'm not sure thomas would agree with you.  Yeah, well, that's my fault. I knew how he felt. And I should have said something. Why didn't you?  Because I didn't know how I felt at first. I mean, he's such a good friend. And you have a lot in common.  But then I started hanging out with rick and the way I felt about him same way. He's opened his heart to you, caitlin. And I'm very grateful for that.  So you're okay with us? Maybe for very selfish reasons. I can see that rick is moving on. He's put amber behind him and he's getting on with his life.  Don't think about what you've lost, thomas. Think about what you have. T Like what?  Like your family. T Rick is my family. And he just stole my girlfriend.  Rick gave me the only real family I ever had in my life. Before I met him, I was alone. T I know what you mean.  No, you don't. T Sorry.  You know who should be sorry? Rick .' Cause caitlin, she may be cute and all, but he's giving up the best sex of his life. T Excuse me?  I know what you're thinking. You know, . But don't believe it. I mean, I can be very creative. You have no idea what I'm talking about. T Yeah, sure, I do. Yeah.  You've never done it. Oh Well, it's nothing to be ashamed of. T I'm not.  Good. Good. Because it's only your first time once, thomas. And you should wait until you fall in love. T Did you?  I let myself fall for a guy who didn't really care about me. I thought it would last forever. But it didn't. T Too bad.  Not all of it, really. It taught me to look out for myself. You know, not to be so gullible. But for you, it's gon na be different. You know, you're smart. You're not gon na waste your first time on just anybody. For you, it's gon na be really special. . Where do you get off passing judgment?  Rick, don't you remember what it was like being a teenager? Wasn't that long ago for you. No, it wasn't.  All the emotions, the highs and lows everything is experienced in the extreme. Just like it was for you and amber. Yeah, well, caitlin's not like amber. Look how well she handled the fashion show.  Too bad it might be her last. What is that? A threat? Is that what you're going to do? Give her an ultimatum me or the job?  I'm hoping it won't come to that. Then back off  There's too much at stake, rick Oh, you're still worried about her father.  No, it's not just that. There are a thousand different things that can go wrong here, lots of people that can get hurt like thomas 're disappointed. T I feel like an idiot. I should've seen it coming. You saw it, didn't you?  Look, we could analyze this all night. But it's not going to cheer you up. T Oh. Is that what you've been trying to do?  Thomas, call your dad. T You're kicking me out?  He's got ta be worried sick about you. You left the fashion show. No one knows where you are. Go on, call him.  I just wish that I could talk to thomas and try to explain what happened. I don't want to lose him as a friend. Come on, caitlin. I'll take you home.  The hell you will It's him. Thomas? Where are you? T I'm fine.  I asked where you were. T With a friend.  What friend? Look, I'd like you to come home. the showing. And she'd like to talk to you. T Is she there alone or or is she with rick?  Look, thomas T Forget it.  I know you're upset T I'm fine. I'll be home in a little while. Don't worry. I'm not gon na do anything stupid. I just need some time to chill.  Well, you can chill here. T I won't be late. I promise.  He hung up. Where is he?  With a friend. He said he'd be home soon.  Should we wait? I think you should go home. You've had a long day. Get some rest.  Okay. And ridge, I think you should wait here for thomas to get home. Let's go.  I'm really sorry about all this. I didn't mean to It's okay. Go on. R running sounded kind of okay. He just said he needed to chill out. That's kind of hard to do when your dad's giving you the third degree.  Yeah, well if he doesn't come home soon or answer his phone, I'm just gon na ground him till he's 30. Your son's first heartbreak. Caitlin feels terrible.  It's not her fault. She's attracted to rick.  And he sure as hell isn't doing anything to discourage it, is he? Like he could.  It doesn't worry you? I'm just happy he's not mixed up with amber again. She's been sniffing around lately.  Yeah, well, rick's not interested. Thank god. Amber moore has brought nothing but disappointment and heartache to my son's life. We're all much better off with her out of the picture.  You know, you could have told your dad where you .  See, I was right, he was worried about you. T Because caitlin told him what happened.  Rick was with her? T She wanted to talk to me.  Hey T Maybe I should go.  Where? Home? T I'm gon na feel lousy no matter where I am.  Oh, don't be so sure about that. T Amber, I know you're trying to help. But I really do not want to talk about this anymore.  Fine, fine. So, we won't talk. Take your shirt off. T What?  Take your shirt off.  Wow, this is so beautiful. Are you sure you don't want me to take you home?  Not yet. We need to talk. Yeah, I'm worried about thomas, too.  No, it's not just that. Look, caitlin, you can't let ridge get to you  Well, when my dad finds out that I've been lying to him what we're gon na do is going to affect a lot of people. Which is why we really we really need to think about it. I want to take it nice and slow.  Rick. Look, I know that ridge thinks this is wrong. And your father probably would, too. But that's not how this feels to me.  Me either. Don't let anything spoil your day, caitlin. We can we can figure out this stuff with thomas and your dad all of it later, okay? Right now today is just about you and your success. It should be the last thing that you're thinking about when your head hits the pillow.  That's not all I'll be thinking about.  You know, not everybody's against us, rick. Oh, it's just how it feels, then. your mom. She's happy for us. She's a little nervous about the age thing. But she thinks I'm good for you. Well, you are.  Maybe she could put in a good word with ridge. Don't worry about ridge.  I'm not. Okay, maybe a little. He is my boss. This is none of his business. He's worried about what it'll mean to the line, not what it means to us, caitlin.  Well, your mom understands. Well, if anyone understands following their heart, it's her.  That's what I want to do. Right now. Did I scare you? No. No, I just you know. I thought we had talked about kind of taking things slowly.  I wasn't going to jump you. Oh  It's just there's something that want to tell you. That I've been wanting tonight I feel like I could do anything. And that's what's so crazy about all these people trying to protect me from you. I never feel safer or more sure of myself than when you're holding me. And I think I think what that means is I love you, rick. Rick is always going to have a soft spot for amber.  But you're thinking if he's involved with someone else Well, not just anyone. Caitlin is a very special girl.  Well, yeah, but she's still just a girl, though. How do you think her parents are going to feel about this? Probably the same way you did when rick got mixed up with amber. Oh, no. That was very different. Amber seduced him. There were years and years of lies and betrayals.  I remember. Well, then you'll realize, as hard as it might be for thomas, rick's interest understand how you feel. I really do. If someone did to my son what amber did to rick I don't really even want to think about that. T Amber, what are you doing?  Oh, trust me. This is exactly what you need. Hey, relax. Relax. T Well, if you would tell me what you're gon na do, then maybe  Shh. Shh. Shh. Good, huh? We're gon na purge out all that negativity. Just bring it to the surface. Just that's it. That's it. Just fall in to it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Now lay down. Come on, lay down. Okay. This is a very old tradition. It's called soft touch massage. I learned it from an ancient indian medicine woman. T Really?  No. I saw it on tv. T I don't think we get that channel at my house.  Now And I'm gon na blow it away. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Feel all that anger and the hurt just dissolve away. It's evaporating into my fingertips. You have no one to be jealous of. You belong to one of the most powerful and successful families on the planet. Your mother is a beautiful and brilliant woman. And your father is insanely talented. And that's who you are. That's your legacy. People look up to you. Someday, years and years from now, you are going to have women throwing themselves at you everywhereyou go. You are thomas forrester heir to the throne. Heir to the throne. 
So how's our turkey coming? About 20 pounds too big for the two of us.  Well, that's all right, I like leftovers. Good, because you're going to be eating them until spring.  Come on, let's do this thing right. We need some music in here. Where's our Christmas cds? Well, if you're going to do that, I'd rather have you sing to me.  Now, I want to cheer you up. I don't want to drive you from Oh, go over and tickle those ivories. You love to do it.  All right. I mean, we didn't get this piano tuned for naught.  No, once a year it's better be worth it. Silent night holy night all is calm all is bright round yon virgin mother and child holy infant so I should've played something else. I'm not doing a You shouldn't have to. And I shouldn't be filled with self pity. Ridge and Thorne want to have their own Christmas, it's okay.  Yeah. You know, we never would have minded if our parents dropped in. No. And who would we go to visit first?  Hmm. No, no. We're not going to stir up any trouble Christmas night.  I know.  Oh, look at this one. That one, right there. That's the one mommy and daddy picked out special for you. It's your special Christmas ornament.  You know something, I think it's very sporting of you to let your brother spend the day with your parents, Thorne.  Well, it wouldn't have been much fun with the both of us over there. I mean, who wants to spend Christmas discussing Spectra's latest sales figures?  Well, be no shop talk. This is not a company Christmas party. We came here as a family.  You are absolutely right, sal. You know, it's just too bad that Thorne's parents couldn't have been a part of it though, you know? God, oh, remember last year? Stephanie gave you that beautiful locket?  You know, I think everything will calm down once ridge realizes that I'm not trying to take his place in the family. (Alexandria-fusses)  Yeah. Well, I just hope he and your parents are having as nice of a time as we are. Wee  Oh. I hope that's Amber. I'm starving.  Merry Christmas, little brother. Hello.  Ridge.  What are you doing here?  Me? What are you doing here?  I'm having dinner with Sally and Clarke and Darla.  Why Because you're having Christmas with them.  No, I'm not. I made other plans to give them a chance to spend it with you.  I didn't want to intrude on your time with them, Ridge. Oh, no. You're telling me that mom and dad are spending Christmas alone?  Mom and dad are alone? Why didn't they call us? Ridge, they have to know that this was a mistake. I mean, Christmas means so much to them.  Especially to mother.  Well, we have to do something.  Well, that's why I'm here, Thorne.  You know, Ridge really shouldn't be here. This is exactly the kind of confrontation that Thorne wanted to avoid.  It's Christmas time. I mean, whatever happened to peace on earth, good will toward men?  Everyone, there's been a change of plans. are you doing here? I brought you a present. Oh, honey. T Hey, hey, hey. Merry Christmas Tom Merry Christmas T Happy holidays, grandma. Thank you, sweetheart. T Happy holidays. Sweetheart.  Thomas? T Yes?  What did you do? T Uh, it wasn't me.  Hey. Hi. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas.  Hi. Hi, Katherine. Oh, my god, they're beautiful. Thank you, sweetheart. Hello. Merry Christmas. Brooke? Merry Christmas. Bridget  Stephanie Merry Christmas. Oh, sweetheart. Merry Christmas.  Good to see you. Your dad's there.  Bridget?  Hi, dad.  I can't believe I'm seeing you. Oh  What a wonderful surprise.  And it gets better.  Somebody having a Christmas party? Massimo Merry Christmas, sweetheart.  Happy holidays, dear friend. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Merry Christmas, Stephanie. Oh, Darla. And my beautiful baby. Look at that red hat  Oh, I hope we're not intruding. Oh, no. Come on in. Oh, this is wonderful.  Oh, Stephanie, the place looks great. Oh, thank you.  Wow. I thought you were spending Christmas with Sally.  Well, Sally and Clarke are outside. They're here, too?  They're wrapping a little something in the car. Oh.  Right? T This is amazing.  Did you see the look on Stephanie's face? feel.  I knew we'd find a way to spend Christmas together. T I'm glad we did. How come nobody told me you were coming home?  Oh, nobody knew.  There we are. Perfect.  Mommy  Mommy is right here.  Oh, just in time.  Here you go. And there's a lot more. Oh, wonderful  Be right back.  You know, I hope you don't mind us crashing your holiday like this.  Not at all, Clarke. The fact is, it didn't really feel like Christmas until you all got here.  Well, thank you.  Girls? I think it's time for us to light the Christmas tree. What do you say? Yeah  Yeah? One two three. (Oohs-and-aahs) It's beautiful Merry Christmas, Sally.  Ah-hah The famous Forrester eggnog. I've been waiting for a taste of this all year. Cheers. Thank you.  Mmm. Thorne didn't come with you, did he?  No, he didn't come with me. He came with someone else. You're here. You're really here.  Come on, Mother. You didn't really think we'd let you spend Christmas alone, did you? My mother always said, " don't slump, I think so.  Both babies are sound asleep. Thank you.  Now wait a minute, wait a minute? You two came together?  Well, I picked Thorne up.  I thought you two didn't want to see each other.  Well, we didn't want to see you unhappy.  And you would have been What changed your minds?  Amber did.  I made a phone call.  You let us know what was going on, Amber. I want to thank you for that. Someday, when you have your own family, you'll realize what an incredible gift you've given me.  I told you I'd bring this family together. Yes, you did. Grandma? Hope wants to give you your present. Well, I'd be delighted to get a present. And I have lots of gifts for you, so come on. T Let's get some eggnog, what do you say?  I love eggnog. T All right. Okay, you can open that.  You have no idea what you've done for your mother and me to see you and Thorne together?  Well, we both wanted you have a stress-free Christmas, Dad. sacrifice time with his family so the other could be with us.  Well, you see what happens when you try to do something a little selfless?  Yeah. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you both. Bridget.  Oh, Merry Christmas, Stephanie. Merry Christmas to you. Your father and I are so happy that you are here for Christmas.  Oh, me, too. Oscar didn't come with you from Copenhagen? He had to work? I mean, I would have thought for sure that he would be with you for Christmas.  Like you said, he couldn't get off work. Oh. Well, I'll have to talk to Massimo about it.  Oh, no, no you know Ozzy, he wouldn't want any special treatment just because he's the boss' nephew. But thanks for asking about  Ooh, I can not eat another bite. It was wonderful. If you'll excuse me, I'm gon na check on Alexandria.  So, from what I'm told, since I sold Spectra back to you, you folks have been doing very well.  If you want to buy it, it would cost you more, because it's risen like a phoenix from the ashes. Don't ask how we did it.  Oh, we don't have to tell massimo anything about rising above adversity, Clarke. The man is a walking, talking miracle.  You know, sometimes it feels that way, but Sally, you better than anyone understand that behind every miracle, there's a heck of a lot of hard work, you know?  Baby, you can certainly say that again.  Sam  Eric, we just wanted to stop by to drop off these gifts. in. Everybody's inside. Merry Christmas, Sam Hector How nice to see you.  Merry Christmas. Good to see you, too. This is wonderful.  Merry Christmas. How was the toy drive?  Excellent.  Clarke, the kids all really loved the toys.  Merry Christmas. (All-talking-at-once) This is how I always imagined Christmas should be.  It's pretty amazing, isn't it? Everybody together. Getting along.  Yes. I just hope it stays this way. Me, too. For a long time. For our children's sake. The kids in girl and boyland will have a jubilee there'll a Christmas toyland all around the Christmas tree so you better watch out you better not cry you better not pout I'm telling you why Santa Claus is coming to town Santa Claus is coming Santa Claus is coming to ( Everyone-shouts- " encore " ) No, no, no. The band's retiring. Thank you very much.  Here you go.  Thank you, sir.  Mom's eggnog, huh?  So how's the eggnog?  Ooh A tad heavy on the Rum there.  Rubbing alcohol, maybe?  Well, that's that's perfect.  For you?  The way your mother likes it.  That explains everything.  How about a little egg with my rum?  This is this is exactly May I say a few words, please? I've been standing, listening to the music and the laughter that's filled this room. And all of you have really brought the spirit of Christmas into this house tonight, and I thank you for it. You didn't have to come here. I know you wanted I can't really think of any place we'd rather be. And I couldn't be happier to have you here. It's been a difficult year. Some of us have had problems. Some of us have faced adversity. Some of us have been at odds with one another. But you've put all of those differences aside and you've come here this evening, I think, because you realize that the most important thing in the world are friends and family. And we are so lucky to share this moment. In years to come, we may not be as fortunate. It's so important to recognize the people around you, the people you care about, the people you love. We can not let anger break the bonds that have tied us together. There are a few people here that aren't actually related to us. But let me tell you that as of this evening, you are officially members of our family. It's very important to And I hope that we can remember them in our prayers. And let's hope and pray for peace. Peace on earth. Thank you all for spending this wonderful evening with us. Merry, merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas  Mother, we love you.  We always will. Thank you. Your father and I have a song we have to finish.  Come here, everybody, gathers around the piano, will you? I'll be home for Christmas you can count on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents under the tree Christmas eve will find me with the love and peace I'll be home for Christmas if only in my dreams if only in my dreams dashing through the snow in a one-horse open sleigh o'er the fields we go laughing all the way ha ha ha bells on bobtails ring making spirits right what fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight  beautiful " to all of you Happy holidays 
Is it my imagination, or is it about as quiet around here as it's been in days? Well, everybody's exhausted from Christmas.  It's great to have Bridget here for the festivities. Yeah, but I'm sure Oscar must be missing his fiance. I hate that Bridget's going through something right now, whatever it is. Especially when you and I are so happy.  Well, she's got all of us for support, doesn't she? Hey. You and I worked really hard to be this happy, didn't we? Yes.  Let's work some more. Okay. Mm.  Mm-hmm. You know what? Why don't we take this upstairs?  We have a little time before Jackie M's party? Absolutely. I'm gon na go up and freshen up, and then you'll join me.  Yes, ma'am. You better I found what I've been looking for my whole life companionship with somebody that understands me, excites me, just lets me be me.  Instead of putting you up on a pedestal, like Massimo did.  Yeah. But I'll always cherish what I had with him. I mean, we did have some good times. I would have stayed with him, as well, till the end. I guess he just had enough of me. But I don't regret, not for one, single second, the turn that my life has taken. Because I now know what it feels like to be utterly and completely content. And it's all thanks to you. Thanks, Deacon.  You've lost your way, Jacqueline. And as much as I want to cut you out of my heart T Hey, Mojo, you okay?  Oh, Thomas. I didn't hear you come in. T back.  No, no, no. I'm absolutely delighted that you came by. Come on. Come on in, come on in. So, tell me, what brings you here? T Would you believe an early New Year's resolution?  Oh? T I wasn't here for you as much as I should have been. Especially after your stroke. And I feel really bad about that. But I'm gon na do better.  Oh, Thomas, my boy, that is very nice. But I know the stage of your life at the moment, and I don't expect you to do anything. T No, I know. I know. But still, family's everything, right?  Uh-huh. T That's why Christmas was so awesome ,' cause you and Nick showed up. (Massimo-sighs) Although it probably wasn't easy.  You mean, because of Jacqueline. T No, no, no. Go ahead. T I don't think you should give up on her. T Don't tell my dad that I said that. (Massimo-chuckles)  Actually, Thomas, your dad is very happy that Jacqueline is out of my life. Now, I don't know how much you've heard about this stuff T She's hung up on deacon. But here's the thing about deacon a lot of women get hung up on him, but never for very long. I mean, come on. Brooke, Bridget, even Amber. But they all clued in eventually. The guy's a loser. Does Jackie know all the stuff he's pulled?  She knows. T Guess she's just the type who has to see it for herself then.  Yes. I think that's exactly what needs to happen.  Okay, wait a second. Honey, I don't we're not going to be able to finish.  Oh, what do you mean?  Come on. I'm talking about the party tonight. You know, we got the big Jackie M bash.  Oh.  Look, if we get distracted, we're never gon na make it on time, so it's better just not to even start.  I thought that you'd taken care of everything and all we had to do was just show up.  Well, I did. But, you know, I want to get there before the VIPs show up, and I want to make sure that all my instructions got carried out to the " T. " This is important. I don't want to leave this to chance.  Important? Oh, you mean to the success of the boutique.  Honey, I'm not talking about the boutiques. They're already a hit. I got the to tout our success. I'm doing this for you, and only you, for everything that you've brought to my life and everything you mean to me. You might not realize this, but you've changed me. You have. I'm a different guy. And god help anyone who ever tries to mess with what we have.  Heather, I have been apprised of your success in Angola.  I thought it may be the last job I'd ever do for you. But I see the rumors of your incapacity were greatly exaggerated. It's good to have you back.  Thank you.  So, where am I headed?  You're not headed anywhere. You're gon na stay right here in L.A.  Oh?  Mm-hmm. I have an assignment that I wouldn't trust to anyone else. Bridget. I didn't know you were there.  Oh You're not. We were just sort of what were we doing, Logan #? Enjoying the peace and quiet.  Yeah, that, too. Well, I was on my way upstairs, so so don't be long.  So, where is everybody?  I guess just recuperating from the hustle and bustle of the holidays.  Well, okay. I guess I should probably be getting back to I was working  Not so fast here. I want to ask you a very important question.  Aren't all my assignments things you wouldn't trust to anyone else?  This is different. It has nothing to do with Marone industries.  So it's personal?  Please, sit down. I assume that you know my wife is not living here any longer.  Where did she go?  To the home of one Deacon  I know the type. How do you want it handled?  Oh, Deacon, you were right. It's fabulous.  So I take it you approve.  Yeah. And you're flying in the fashion elite from New York and Paris.  Where they've been freezing their butts off.  Huh. To enjoy the balmy breezes and the beach ambiance of sunny L.A. Darling, they are going to be putty in your hands.  Just like I am in yours.  What made you think of it?  Well, actually, there were two reasons. The first was I wanted to recreate what we have down at the beach. The second is I wanted to, you know, create a tribute to you. You know, to your spirit, to your vitality, everything that goes into Jackie M. Hey, I don't want all these people thinking that Jackie M want them to know that it's by a beautiful, classy lady, who's got a little bit of a bawdy streak in her. Nah, the secret is safe with me. I promise. However, there is one thing that I'm not going to be able to keep under wraps, Jackie, so I think you better prepare yourself, because, tonight, I plan on making the announcement of a lifetime.  Okay. I'll bite. What's the big question?  Actually, it's about us.  Us?  Something you confided in me before Christmas.  Oh. You mean  You still haven't told your mom you've canceled your engagement, have you?  And now I see it's putting you in an awkward position.  No, not really. Not really. It's I realize you probably haven't found the right time with the holidays and all that go back to Copenhagen, right?  Oh, I see. You're trying to get rid of me this quickly, huh?  If it was up to me, I'd hide your passport so you'd never leave. But that would be very selfish of me, wouldn't it? Seeing as how much I know you want to be a doctor. Having you around here has been so much fun, who can blame me? Kinda like old times, when you used to live here with us.  It seems like a lifetime ago.  No, not to me. See, all that is etched right here. Like when you used to play the board games with the kids in front of the fire.  Oh, I'd look over, and you'd be so busy designing.  After we'd put the kids to bed, and then we'd come down and talk and talk and talk all night. . During that time after Taylor died, just your strength.  I don't think I could have gotten through that without your help.  It's a shame things got so messed up. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought all that up.  Actually, maybe it's better you did.  Okay, do me a favor. Make sure that when you're circulating around, let the guests know we have alcoholic, nonalcoholic. They can choose whatever they want. Just make sure that my drink is booze free. Here you go. Got it. Thanks a lot.  Susan, these gifts bags are they're to die for. Did you put them together yourself? She had a little help.  Oh, you guys. You must have slaved over the holidays. It's a very important night. Mr. Sharpe wants everything to be perfect. And we are that generous Christmas bonus.  Which I'd just like to point out, did come out of my share of the profits. Now, I hope the boss lady here is not giving you guys a rough time, is she? Not at all. Mrs. Marone was telling us  Just thanking Jeff and Susan for all their hard work. And to remind you, please, it's Jackie, not Mrs. Marone. We'd better get the rest of these bags out.  So it's Jackie, not Mrs. Marone now.  Mm-hmm.  You're shedding that, huh?  Yeah. You noticed?  I did. And I couldn't be happier. But, I got to tell you, I got a little confession to make.  Oh? About the " announcement of a lifetime "?  Yeah, you know, what do they call it? You know For having a party?  Yeah. See, Jackie, a lot of people are gon na be wondering about you and Massimo. They're gon na want to know where you guys stand. And I think tonight would be just a great time to acknowledge that you and I are together, and that we're happy, and we've got nothing to be ashamed about. That we're not living in the past, so why not let everybody know it? Massimo seems okay with it, why shouldn't everybody else be?  That is the only weapon you'll need. (Massimo-chuckles) No, it's not poison. Although, in a matter of speaking, I suppose you could say it is. It's alcohol very refined, tasteless and odorless.  I see. So I'll only be planting the seed of his destruction.  Mm-hmm. And then deacon will take it from there. He will reveal himself to Jacqueline ever could. Heather, I'll try to explain why I'm doing all this in the very near future. But, tonight, is the beginning of the end for one Deacon Sharpe.  Why are we getting into this?  You don't think we should?  Oh, I just I don't see the point.  Well, the past is the past. Everybody's moved on.  Yeah.  Look, despite the negative spin that everyone put on what happened between us  They didn't understand.  Bridget, you helped me through the darkest moment of my life like no one else could have. You are always gon na be very special to me. I hope you know that. I want to be here for you, just like you were for me then. You know that? Yes? Ridge, what happened? I thought you were come up.  . I was anyway, you guys have a good time at the party. What was that about? She seemed really emotional. Was she talking to you about Oscar?  Among other things. Is there more going on there than she's saying?  She needed someone to listen. Which you did.  She's going through something, Logan. She's hurting more than she let on. I guess I just want to try and take some of that hurt away. I have a feeling she's not really ready to confide in me like I hoped. But one thing I do know, she's still the same sweet, lovely girl she's always been - the girl we love. And I want to make sure she knows that we're gon na be here for her. Right? We're always gon na be here for her. On the next " bold and the beautiful " I know what you were thinking.  Just use half of it at first to initiate the dependency without raising any red flags.  But if this man is an alcoholic, surely he'll be able to taste the liquor we used to spike his drink. " The bold and the beautiful " nobody does it better. Cbs daytime. 
I want to be here for you, Logan. I just Taylor. I'm asking you to be sensitive to me, too. In just one day my world changed. And I wasn't sure about anything anymore. I didn't feel safe. Help me feel safe again.  This had better be good because I was half way through an exceptional cigar.  Well, I think you're going to appreciate this even more.  All right, then, come on. Give me the good news.  Yes, what is it? I'm dying to know.  You asked your mother here, too? Yes, this isn't something I felt we should discuss over the phone.  Well, for god's sake, come on. Out with it already. What if I told you Forrester really wasn't crazy after all? He wasn't hallucinating, he wasn't seeing ghosts, and he'd actually come face to face That's right. She's alive. Hi, sweetheart. Did you get what you needed at the office? Thomas, you okay? T I still can't believe you're actually here. I am. Does this help? T Yeah. Where's dad? You guys have so much to catch up on. Well, we got a good start a little bit ago. T Just a start? Yeah, I went upstairs to tuck your sisters in and when I came back he was gone. T He went out? No, um he's here he's upstairs with Brooke. T Oh, saying good night to her. I don't know. T Well, sure he is. What else would he be doing? (Taylor-sighs) T No. Way. He wouldn't do not with you back. Look, he's probably just the ground work. What do you mean groundwork? T Well, he can't just send her packing. You know, Brooke's been good to him. And to us, the girls and I. Dad's gon na want to take it slow. You think he's going to ask her to leave? T At some point. You can't both stay here. No. No, that's for sure. T Mom, you're not going. Listen, there's no way you are ever leaving this house again. Do you understand me? No way. I don't want you to think that I'm not grateful that Taylor's alive, because I am. I am so thrilled that the kids have their mother back. And you, Ridge, I am so happy for you.  I know. I know you are. And I'm trying to be supportive need support, too. I need you. I need you so much. You all right?  All that pain. All those tears, and now the children, do they know?  Oh, yeah. They're floating on air. I don't know if they will ever come down.  What about Ridge?  He's just laughing and smiling and throwing his arms around everyone.  Thank god. You know, we really should celebrate. How about breaking out some champagne? Ahh let's see. How about a warm beer. My fridge is broken.  Doesn't make any difference at all, tastes like the finest wine anyway. I mean, she's alive. I mean, Taylor's alive. I  What is it, Massimo?  Brooke. What does this mean to Brooke?  We've been wondering that ourselves. And This is one hell of a dilemma for Ridge. A man with two wives. T That's not gon na happen. He made a commitment to you. Mom, dad was devastated when we lost you. He wouldn't risk losing you again. This is your house. You and dad raised a family here. Those memories don't just disappear. Dad knows that and so does Brooke. I'm not so sure she does. T Well, then somebody's got ta make her see it. As hard as it's gon na be, she's the one who has to move out. Well, if that happens she'll have to take R.J. And hope with her. And I just I don't think you want that. T Dad would share custody, at least of R.J ., and Hope could visit anytime she wants. Those are some really big issues. I don't think we'ren't you go on up to bed, okay? T Mom, wait. I need to know that you want this family together in this house. Do you? I want that more than anything in the world. Now go to bed. Go. Come on. T It's gon na be all right. Love you. I love you. Oh, Ridge. I love you. And I love this family. It means everything to me.  To me, too, Logan. Does it? You know, we fought for it. We got it. We earned it. And I just never want to see it change.  Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves, all right? You said it.  What did I say? Oh, whenever something goes wrong and I start making a big deal out of it, you put your arms around ahead of ourselves, okay? " And then you kiss me. And you whisper how much you love me.  I do love you. And that's never going to change. Oh, don't get it. T Dad, it's me. You in there? I need to talk.  I'm sorry. T Did I catch you at a bad time? No, not at all. We always have time for you.  What's up, sport? I'll leave you two alone. T No, don't go. This is about my mother and you, Brooke.  So, Ridge is still married to Taylor? It's a good question.  I'm going to call my attorneys because he's going to have to consult with them.  I think it's still a little early for any major decisions.   I think she's laying low right now, just concentrating on her immediate family. But Nick and I plan on inviting her to the wedding. So, I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to get to know her then.  To Taylor's return.  Here, here. Hey, I thought you might want one of these.  A-ha What took you so long?  On deck, please. We don't have those rules here, Mother.  Oh, yeah, you do when I'm aboard. Let's go. You two going to be okay alone?  Why wouldn't we be? Well, quite a turn of events, don't you think?  Not in the way that you're thinking.  I don't follow.  Well, I'm sure it's crossed your mind that with Taylor still married to  Why would that make a difference? Nick is completely committed to you.  I'm glad you still understand that. You know, I know there's a lot to work through. But even so, with Taylor's return, it's not going to break up my mom and Ridge. T I know this is a tough subject. And you might not want to hear what I have to say about it. Of course we do, Thomas. T I just figured I'd better get in my two cents before you make a decision.  What decision is that? T Who stays with you. And who goes. I mean, it's got to come down to that eventually, right? We can't all live here like this.  No. No, we can't. How would you like this to end up? T For everyone to be happy. Yeah, I know does it have to be so unfair? You, mom there couldn't be two better people in the world. Or two people who have been more important to me. You really feel that way? T Do you remember in Porto Fino when you showed us that program that you'd made up for that fashion show we were having? There was my mom's picture. And this incredible tribute you wrote in her honor. From that moment, I loved you. And I haven't stopped since. Oh. Oh, Thomas. I love you, too. T You were the difference, Brooke. The difference between me resenting the rest of the world for being alive and enjoying even the littlest things again. Especially when you moved in here. The echo disappeared.  Echo? T I was just so quiet and lonely that I could hear my own footsteps. Now I hear Hope and R.J. Laughing, or Phoebe and Steffy You took a house and turned into a home again. You turned us into a family. My mom may be back in my life again, but I'll always think of you as my mom, too. I hope that's okay. Okay? Yes, I couldn't think of anything better. Thank you, Thomas. Thank you.  Sorry that I took so long, it's just I dropped my compact and, um oh, your father and Bridget left. They got tired of waiting for you. How convenient.  Oh. You think that I stayed behind on purpose? Don't get yourself caught in a tough card game, Mother, because you've got a bad poker face.  Okay. But I am a good prognosticator. I told you it was an omen. What was an omen?  That scream that interrupted your wedding. I knew you  Nicky, you think about it. That was Taylor. She was crying out for help. Ridge's wife. I mean, it was as if she were saying, " don't do this. Don't go ahead with this marriage. " You can't be serious You can't tell me you really believe that?  I believe things happen for a reason. Taylor showing up when she did kept you available. But mother, I'm not available. Now, even though Bridget and I don't have a legal contract, we are husband and wife in my mind.  Uh-huh. Up here. But what about in here? Who are you pledged to? I just told you.  Well, don't tell me, all right? Tell yourself. And you be honest. Because this is your chance, Nicky. Yours and Brooke's. Don't turn your back on it. it doesn't change anything. Mother It doesn't change anything It doesn't change anything. T I'm not the only one who feels this way. Steffy and phoebe think of you as their mom, too. Did they tell you that? T They didn't have to. I see it all the time.  The first time I saw it, I felt this huge weight being lifted from my shoulders .' Cause I knew my little girls were going to be okay. Because, once again, they'd have both a father and a mother. T There's another reason I'm so grateful to you what you've done for dad. He was dying inside before you came into our lives. You tried to hide it, but I knew. Late at night when you thought we were asleep, I would sneak over to your room and look in and just stand there forever watching you, afraid you were it. You healed dad. You healed all of us. And there's really no way I can ever thank you. You just did. T No, not enough. It's it's never going to be enough. Of course it will, honey. It's always going to be enough. T God we even proposed to you. (Brooke-laughs) Phoebe and Steffy and I came to you and asked you to marry us. And now I'm gon na You're gon na what?  What is it, Thomas? T Mom's back and we need her. More than anyone. Our family needs for mom and dad to be together and things just to go back to the way they were. I miss her so much, Brooke. Now that she's back, we have a chance to be a family again. And I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. As much as you, you need to you need to leave. What? 
Are you asking me to leave? T I'm sorry, Brooke. But you have to understand, now that my mom's back things have changed.  Thomas, now we're trying to sort those things out. T And until you do, I don't think it's right for you to be sharing a room with Brooke. Not with mom back. Ridge and I aren't doing anything wrong. I am his wife. T So is my mother. Excuse me, Ridge? Thomas, what are you doing in here? I wanted you to to be aware of everything that is going on. And I was also concerned that there might be some reporters at the front. Thomas' mom is alive? It's really rather extraordinary, isn't it? Stephanie, this is amazing Has Thomas seen her? Oh yes, she's with them at their home. I am so happy for them. Of course you are, because you're Tom's friend. Does it seem a little unfair? That's why you were hesitant to talk to me ,' cause you thought I'd be jealous. Oh no, not that. No, I but honey I know you're still dealing with your feelings about your mother. Well, that's I can only imagine how thrilled that they must be to have their mom in their lives again. And hopefully that she'll be a big part of their lives again. I can't wait to see her. Do you think it'd be okay if I went over there? Oh, I think that would make Thomas very happy. Thank you, Stephanie. And again, congratulations. This is great news. Thank you. Hey, Jackie. Bye. Got ta go right? I mean, the way she rushed out of here, you'd think the house was on fire. Oh, no, no. Everything's fine. Are you looking for Eric? Because he's not home.  Good, because I want to talk to you in private. What's going on?  Thomas was just giving us his thoughts on the current situation. He was thanking Brooke for being such a great mom to him while you were gone. And then he told me to leave. Thomas I'm sorry if my being here is uncomfortable for you. Sweetheart, please would you let us handle this? T You know, I thought dad and Brooke were up here working things out. But they weren't, they were getting ready for bed.  Look, there's a lot to deal with. Let's wait until tomorrow to do that. leaving the house tonight. T I wasn't asking Brooke to leave the house. That's what you want. T No. No, that's not what anybody wants. All this stress and tension. This should be an incredible time for our family. But it isn't right. I know it. The girls know it. And we're not just going to pretend that it's okay for you two to be up here together with mom downstairs. Look, I'm sorry, Brooke. I know it's not your fault. But my dad can't be married to two women at the same time. I can't imagine what you want to see me about.  I know that we don't see eye-to-eye on most things. Anything.  But there is one thing that we have in common. Certainly not my genuine respect for your husband.  It's not my marriage that Of course it isn't. Your marriage has never been your priority.  But our sons they're a major priority for both of us. Our sons?  You want ridge with Taylor. I want Nicky with Brooke. That makes us allies, don't you think? Whatever happens in my family is none of your business.  Right. Because you don't have any trouble passing judgment on my relationship with my husband, do you? Massimo and I have been friends for a long, long time, Jackie.  I could be your friend too, Stephanie, if you just listen to what I have to say. Okay. I want what's best for Nick. You want what's best for Ridge. And from what I've heard you and Taylor, you were the dearest of friends. And I know that there's no love lost between you and Brooke. What has any of The point is, I would be just as thrilled to have Brooke as a daughter-in-law as you would to see Taylor reunited with Ridge. There's just one problem.  I know, you don't want to have anything to do with me. But what do you care if I can help you get Brooke out of your son's life? I thought Nick was engaged to my step- daughter. Thomas, a few days ago our family was happy together. T And I'm not saying we weren't. But you're not happy now? T Not with things like this. With me in your house? Listen, Ridge and Thomas and the girls have all told me what a wonderful job you did while I was gone. They're very appreciative of you. They are. But I'm not their mother. Brooke, you know how teenagers can be. They Well, Thomas isn't like a normal teenager. He's been very sensitive to other people's feelings. T Somebody has to look out for my mother. And what about Hope and R.J.? This is their home, too.  They are every bit as important to me as you and the girls. I'm not gon na be forced to play favorites here. T But you are playing favorites. How do you think mom feels when you're up here with Brooke? Your mother has been looking forward to this reunion for a very long time. But she expected to pick up her life where it was left off, and that's just not possible. A lot of things have changed. Ridge and I are married now, and we have a child. Hope calls him daddy. At this stage in their lives, they do really need their father, I know. And I realize your children need be close to them, too. Yes, I do. Okay, so we'll make an offer on a house next door, down the street. Something we'll make it work out. But this is our home now, Taylor. Ridge and I have worked a long time to get to this point in our lives, and we're finally together. And it's going to stay that way. It's obvious you love Ridge, I can see that. Please, don't misunderstand me. I meant what I said before. I don't want to shut you out, and your children want you here in the house where you've had all these memories. But I have to speak for my children, too, because they don't have a voice in this. Thomas, please, think about Hope and R.J. They're just babies. How would they feel if Ridge was suddenly out of their lives? You . You understand what's going on here. T I understand we can't all stay here together, not like this. You have to choose, Dad. Somebody has to go. Who's it gon na be?  Thomas, can you wait downstairs? I need to speak to Brooke and your mother alone. T Gabi Oh, hey, Thomas. T Hey. I didn't know you were down here. Phoebe just let me in. T Oh, did she go back up to her room? Or maybe upstairs to see your mom? (Thomas-sighs) T Grandma told you. I'm so happy for you. T Thank you, thank you. You must be so excited. T Oh, yeah. The last few days have been amazing. I can imagine. T Yeah, so did I. Lots of times. But as great I've dreamed about it, getting another chance to know my mom to talk to her, to hold her it's better. It's so much better. It's also the same. You know, nothing's nothing's changed. She's exactly the same as I remembered her. She's your mom. T I'm sorry. Is this hard for you? No, I got 18 years with my mom, Thomas. You know, I wish I could have had more, but you and your sisters didn't even get that, and now she's back. T For the time being. She's not gon na leave you again. T She doesn't want to, but (Thomas-sighs) It's complicated. Dad's remarried, he's got a new little boy and a stepdaughter He's moved on with his life. T But to her, no time has passed. she left off. Wow. That is complicated. T And dad and Brooke aren't doing anything to make it easier. They're acting like nothing's happened. Mom's staying down here while they're upstairs in her old bedroom. Is your mom okay with that? T No And neither am I. She doesn't deserve to be treated like an outsider. This is her house. Dad bought it for her. She has every right to be here as Brooke does, and I told him that. You told them? T Yeah, just now. Mom wanted me to stay out of it, but somebody has to stick up for her, right? Yeah, good for you. T Yeah. Probably won't change anything though. Nobody listens to us. I bet your mom did. And I will bet that she's really proud of you. I know I am. Bridget were getting married the day Taylor returned.  But they didn't get married, Stephanie. And it's given them a chance to think about what happened and how Taylor's return could affect their relationship. Look, I'm not going to deny that Nicky cares about Bridget, but it is nothing compared to the passion that he felt for Brooke. Brooke? Brooke loves her daughter. She is not going to betray her again.  That is exactly why we've got to get this out in the open. We have to talk about it ; we have to get them to admit their attraction for each other before Nicky marries Bridget, before they have children. I mean, Stephanie, we've got to act now. This may be our only opportunity to stop them from making a decision that they will regret for the rest of their lives. (Brooke-sighs) I'm sorry. I shouldn't let his get to me, but the enemy  Brooke, you're not. No one's in the wrong here. Thomas does have a point. Look, look, the kids are just not equipped to deal with this kind of ambiguity.  Which is why we're going to have to make some decisions. Not for ourselves, but for the kids. For all of them. But what's good for Thomas and the girls may not be good for R.J. And Hope. Well, there has to be a solution that somehow benefits all of them. One that doesn't include the three of us living here together. (Brooke-sighs) Well, here we are again. The same place the three of us would always end up in. Yeah, but this is different this time, Brooke. This isn't about you and me, this is about the children.  And I want to protect all of them. We 's gon na get more difficult. You heard what Thomas said. He and the girls are suffering. They're concerned about their mother, they're worried about their future. And meanwhile, we're just sitting here, stuck in limbo, wondering which family is going to get through intact.  Thomas? I thought I would surprise you with some popcorn and a movie. T Caitlin.  I talked to Steffy earlier, and she said that you had a surprise for me and the way that she said it, I thought it was good. T It is. She doesn't know?  I should go. T No. No, wait, Caitlin, wait. Wait, Caitlin, just please let him explain. T I have something to tell you. Something amazing has happened.  Yeah Yeah, I can see that. Excuse me. T No, Caitlin, do, Nick and Bridget aren't going to have any regrets because they're committed to one another.  At the moment, but if Ridge and Taylor end up together it's Well, then, both of our sons will be happy. (Jackie-scoffs)  Stephanie, Nick and I, we do not share your very low opinion of Brooke. Well, he might if she would become involved with him while he's engaged to her daughter.  But you just said that she wouldn't do She won't.  That's exactly why Nicky has to end his involvement with Bridget. He does give her time to heal before Brooke and Oh, stop it. Brooke and Nick are ancient history. You've got to accept that and stop meddling. I'm telling you, Bridget and Nick are going to get married, they're gon na be happy, and so, hopefully, will Ridge and Mm-hmm.  So where does that leave Brooke, hmm? With no one? That's the way life works sometimes. Someone loses.  Taylor, when I saw you at the cemetery, I was elated. To be able to bring you back to the kids, I can't even tell you what that felt like. To have you back in our lives it's a miracle. (Ridge-sighs) I feel like the luckiest man in the world right now. But the reality is that that miracle is gon na cause people I love to be hurt. People you love are already hurting.  I know this wasn't what you expected, after having fought your way back from the edge of death. It wasn't really what I planned either. I just got my feet back on the ground, and now the whole world seems to be upside down again. And it's nobody's fault. That's what na wind up feeling punished and I don't want that. Doc, the kids and I have missed you every day since you've been gone. You've been in our hearts and our thoughts every moment. Your spirit has been a guide to us, even in your absence. And Brooke, you're love has made us feel alive again. You made me happy when I didn't think I would possibly ever be happy again. And we built an incredible future together. (Ridge-sighs) How can I possibly be any happier than this? I don't know. You two have brought so much joy to my life, I just want to thank you both for everything you've given me. But you're right. We have to make a decision here. As much as I don't want to, we have to decide. Brooke? Yes, Ridge?  I'm sorry. I am so sorry. 
I'm going to tell you everything, Bridget. I'm going to tell you the truth, I will. But not with Stephanie here. Get out  This isn't about Stephanie. This is about you and me and what you've done. What Stephanie said that I did. Are you going to lie? Are you going to say it didn't happen?  You already admitted that you and Nick were on the " Marlin " together. Yes.  Is that when you told my husband that you were in love with him? Bridget  Yes or no? Is that what happened? Damn it, mother, just be honest with me. Is that what happened? Is it? Yes. Yes, that is what happened.  Impressive. Well, Dr. Higgins is tops in her field. Dr. Higgins As your wife is in hers. I'm a great admirer, . Higgins Please, let's have a seat. Well, I I do appreciate you working us in on these evening sessions. Thank you.  Not that we're going to need another session, really. Look, Dr. Higgins, it all comes down to this. My wife thinks that my heart is divided, and it is. There's this woman named Brooke Logan who I've known for a long, long time. We were married. We share a child, a little son, who I love very much. Dr. Higgins And your son's mother, do you love her?  Yes. And I probably will for the rest of my life. But that's okay. We all love more than one person, right? Look, the point is, I love both of my families, the one I share with Taylor and the one I share with Brooke. And that love is not going to change get used to that, to deal with that. So anything you can do to help her out, we'd appreciate it. Mother?  Nicky, where's Bridget? Stephanie's got her. (Jackie-sighs) Probably told her everything by now.  Oh, Nick I swear to god, if I was there, mother  Why aren't you? Because Brooke wanted to handle this alone.  Brooke is with Stephanie and Bridget? Yes, she is. Trying to undo all the damage Stephanie has already done. Bridget  Oh, don't, don't. Sweetheart, please, let me explain.  No. Mother, no. There's something very wrong with you. You're sick. You're sick, and you're vile. After Deacon, you promised me that you would never do this to me you. Yet somehow, I forgave you. And now you're doing it to me all over again. I just don't know why. Are you trying to make me insane, or is it that you just you just hate me that much? No, no, sweetheart. I love you with all my heart.  You love me? You love me? This is how you love your daughter? The only person your mother's ever loved is herself. Oh, shut up, Stephanie There's no excuse for what you've done. You know it, I know it, and now, thank god, she does. The only thing she knows is the lies that you've filled her head with, because that's not how it happened  It doesn't matter how it happened, mother It matters that it did happen As soon as you thought your grandchild had been aborted celebrate some grand love affair? No, sweetheart. We were in pain over what we did to you. We blamed ourselves, and Nick was completely destroyed.  So you didn't really love him? You just told him that to save his life? The point is, he thought you didn't love him anymore. You told us you aborted the baby  So it's my fault now? No, no. You did what you had to do. You tested us because you needed the truth. And the truth is, in that moment, Nick and I had a realization  Oh, god. I don't want to listen to this anymore. Honey, I don't want to hurt you any more than I already have, okay? I don't. But when you told us that you aborted the baby, you pushed nick completely out of your life, for good. Yes. Yes . Dr. Higgins So, Taylor, your husband freely admits he loves another woman. And he doesn't see anything wrong with it. Dr. Higgins But you do. I believe there's a difference between loving someone platonically and desiring them, yes. But for Ridge, when it comes to Brooke, he he has trouble differentiating, and until he's able to admit that and come to terms with it, we're obviously going to need your help.  Wait. That's that's it? That's all you need to (Ridge-laughs) Okay, fine. I I admit it. I desire Brooke. Hell, half the men on the planet desire her. Is that the breakthrough you're looking for? Great, we can go home. Problem solved.  Nicky, I know how worried you are. Yes, I'm worried. After what Bridget has 's suffered enough already?  Which is why Brooke insisted that she never find out. And she was right. She was right. I didn't think so at first. But I've seen her make the ultimate sacrifice for her daughter.  You've both made sacrifices. You gave up the woman you love. For a woman that means the world to both of us. We were determined to make that sacrifice, mother, and we were doing it. I was doing it. I was committed to Bridget. I was committed to our child and to our future. I wanted it to work.  If you're truly honest with yourself, do you think that you could ever really forget Brooke? Honey, I know this is hard to hear, but if I have any hopes in salvaging our relationship, I need to be honest.  Did you sleep with Nick that night? No. him, didn't you? Answer me, mother. Did you kiss my husband? Yes, honey, and we kissed.  Oh, god, help me. Bridget, are you all right? Oh, now you're going to be the loving parent? Please  No. I need to explain. No, I think the best thing is for you to leave, Brooke. You saw the attraction, Bridget. You did. But what you didn't see is how hard I tried to fight it.  Oh, stop, Mother. But when you told me that you didn't have that abortion, I knew that I had to just lock those feelings away. And I did. I locked them up, because I love you so much. And I couldn't imagine ever hurting you like that ever again. Nick is your husband. He is that. I respect your marriage. And I will not do anything to interfere with that. I am not a threat for you and nick. I promise you, sweetheart. I swear to you, on my life. Dr. Higgins One moment, Mr. Forrester. We're not finished. This desire you have for your ex-wife, I wonder if you fully understand why it's problematic for Taylor.  By problematic, you mean because Brooke is blonde and beautiful and knows how to dress it up and take it out? I mean, even if you told me I couldn't desire her, I'd probably have to go into shock therapy. Look, no matter how much I might be attracted to Brooke, it doesn't mean I'm going to cheat on my wife, who I happen to love very much. Dr. Higgins But then, that's not the real issue, is it, your love for your wife? I've told you how I feel and why. Doesn't a guy get points for being honest here? Besides, all this petty jealousy is just a waste of time. Taylor's just going to have to get over it. I would if the situation were reversed. Forget, Mother? No. But Brooke and I made a decision. We tried to be smart. We talked about our feelings, and we looked into the future. And you know what we saw. Bridget is a smart, beautiful, selfless woman who I fell in love with, I'm having a child with, and I married. I don't regret a moment of that, Mother, and I never will.  Nicky, if you're saying I'm saying that she's my future, Mother. Now, that's the only way. And when she comes back here tonight, if she does, I'm going to make damn sure that just another empty promise. I mean every word. Nick is committed to you, and to this child. He loves you. He wants a future with you, not with me. If you never believe anything I ever tell you, believe this. I am committed to you. Nick is committed to you. And that will never change. But that's not the point. We're talking about now, at this moment. You're in love with her husband. She has to live with that for the rest of her life, just like she has to live with what you did with deacon. And now this relationship with this man whom she loves is ruined, again. She can't ever go back, Brooke. They can never go back, no matter what no matter what Nick claims about wanting to work on the marriage. They'll work through this, Stephanie. We'll work through it. Honey, please, just so sorry for what happened. But we'll get through this. I love you. And I just want you to be happy. And nick just wants you to be happy.  Oh, stop, stop. Stop it. Bridget, please.  I don't want to don't. You've done enough damage already Bridget, wait. Don't leave. Bridget, come back Bridget You have no one to blame but yourself for this. Not that you're capable of admitting that. Is that what you want, Stephanie for me to admit, what, how sick and depraved I am? Well, honey, if the shoe fits You're the one who's sick, evil. You've manipulated your own children. Now you're trying to manipulate mine, just to get back at me. No I did this to protect of them all, because you did nothing but hurt her. She was happy She was married to the man that she loved And now she's in the worst pain that she's ever been in And she's through with you If you've cost my daughter her marriage, the man that she loves, the father of her child if that family falls apart because of you I just pray to god you haven't done that. (Nick-remembering) The man that I'm supposed to be with. That's you. That's you. It's not Ridge, it's you. It's you, Nick. God.  What are you thinking about? Bridget how are you?  How am I? You don't really want me to answer that question, do you? Maybe you do. Maybe you would like a play-by-play of everything my mother just told me, all of Our little love nest, our home. The place that we conceived our child, Nick. It's also the same place that you and my mother had your little rendezvous. Bridget  Oh, don't try to deny it. Don't insult me like that. I'm not. I wouldn't insult you.  Don't bother filling me in. My mother already did that with all of the details of how you professed your love to each other. You unleashed all that pent-up emotion. Bridget, that was a reaction. It was a reaction to something that had just happened. I was angry. I was blaming myself. I thought I had just lost my child, and you told me you didn't want me  Oh, so it was my fault? Yeah, that's exactly what my mother just said. No.  So you ran straight into each other's arms and . That's not the way it was. You know that's  I know what? I know that you would never betray me for my mother. I thought I knew that. You told me that. Obviously, the joke was on me. All of the memories that we shared the kiss at big bear and that night that you proposed to me, all of the times that we made love here the happiest times of my entire life were with you, nick. I really thought that I had found the one man on earth that would never leave me, that loved me, would always care for me, and I really, really believed that you felt the same way. Bridget, I did feel that way. I still do feel that.  Oh, please, don't Just clearly, everything has changed. All of those memories, Nick, all of those moments that I held right here in my I just believe what I want to believe? I'd really I'd really like the truth, Nick. I really need you to look me in the eye and just admit it to my face. All of those times that I thought you loved me, you were really just in love with my mother, weren't you? That's the truth, isn't it? 
Just when I think that you can't sink any lower, you go and do something like this. You go and you steal your daughter's husband for the second time. You are such trash. If you had just kept your mouth shut. And if you had just taken that gun I gave you and killed yourself, all of this pain would have been avoided. I feel threatened. Dr. Higgins Ridge, can you understand why you spending time with Brooke would make Taylor feel that way? You were married to Brooke. You have a child together.  And I still love her. So what? It doesn't mean I would act on those feelings. Dr. Higgins And Taylor should understand that?  It'd sure be nice if she did. Dr. Higgins Taylor, are you afraid of what might happen between Ridge and Brooke? Yes.  Doc I'm sorry, Ridge, Brooke is a very attractive woman. There is a chemistry between us. I wish I could deny that, but I can't. But I'm still not going to act on those feelings. Dr. Higgins Ridge, how would you feel if Taylor had chemistry with someone besides you? Would you be afraid she might act on it?  Ha You've got to be kidding. Taylor's a saint. We'd see pigs fly before she looked at another man. Actually, Ridge, I have been with another man. I should have used that gun on you, Stephanie. This is all your fault. Bridget and Nick were happy, they were starting a life together. Except for one dirty little lie. Nick and I were prepared to make a sacrifice. For all the wrong reasons. It isn't about the baby. That baby is none of your business. a lifetime of watching its mother fall apart, over and over again because grandma can't keep her hands off of daddy. You really think I would do that? I absolutely do. I've known exactly what you're capable of from the day I first laid eyes on you. Well, you're wrong. Oh, really? I don't think so. Here you are, exposed for exactly what you are. Your daughter sees it. Finally she'll be free of it. The family will see it, and they will be free of you. I don't want to lose you.  All the sweet things you did and all those words you said they weren't even for me. They were.  No, they were for my mother, Nick. But you couldn't have her, so you decided you would take the consolation prize. No. Do  You knew my mother was an issue for me. You knew that. What part of that did you never understand? You just kept denying it. Telling me it was in my imagination. How many times did you reassure me and tell me I was wrong? All the while, I was right. Bridget, that's not  You're just treating me like a child. I guess I deserved that because I was so naive. I should've known better than to ever get involved with a man who had been with my mother. I knew from the very beginning and I was right. Bridget, I love you. I never lied about that.  Then when did it change? When did I go from being the woman that you tried to marry four times, to being an obligation?  Another man? You've got to be kidding me. No.  What what are you .  Who? Hector.  You kissed hector? The other night when I called looking for you and Brooke answered your phone and she said, " I love you, too. "  But I explained that. I mean, that was said in friendship. But I didn't know that then.  So you react by kissing hector? Damn it, Taylor. Dr. Higgins Are you attracted to hector? I don't know. Dr. Higgins There's chemistry? Yes. Go be with Nick. Jackie will love that. You know, you two girls are cut from the same cloth. Go be with Nick because he's all that you have left. No, Stephanie, I have my family. I have my work at Forrester with Eric. Oh, he won't have anything to do with you. Not after Not me. Eric may have his shortcomings, but he loves his daughter. When he sees you and Nick together, he'll know I was right. And I'll win back his trust. And Ridge's trust. They're never going to believe a word that you say. Oh, I know I have a lot of work ahead of me. You almost turned the whole family against me. But in the long run, it will all come out okay. My god, how can you celebrate when my daughter is devastated? And a baby is going to be without a father? I'll help her with the baby. The hell you will. Bridget, you are not an obligation. You were never that I was happy, too, by the way. I believe we still can be happy.  When I think about everything that we shared together it was better wasn't forever. Why couldn't you just be honest with me? I was. I told you that I cared for your mother.  You never told me exactly how much. Nick, you deceived me. You shouldn't have lied to me about the abortion. The night on that boat should've never happened with your mother. Now, I told you about our feelings. We had put them to rest. I never lied to you about that.  What was your plan? Were you just going to lie to yourself about those feelings forever? Look, was I wrong to test you or were you wrong to fail it? Who knows, but I don't think that any of that really matters anymore. It matters to me.  You have chemistry? Well  Well, what? It's either yes or it's no. I guess it's something you're  Oh, okay, I get it. I see what you're doing. You're turning the tables on me. But the story with Brooke is completely different though. Dr. Higgins So if hector knows how to, uh, " dress it up and take it out, " that would bother you? Bother you? Ridge, I'm trying to help you understand that jealousy within a marriage can't be taken lightly.  I don't want you anywhere near Hector. You can't have feelings for another man, doc. But you can?  I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Taylor. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.  Maybe we were only ever together because you thought my mom and Ridge would be together for a lifetime. Then Taylor came and she just changed all that. Bridget, I love you. I loved you when I married you. I love you right .  Maybe you did, Nick. But I think I've always just been your second choice. Your mother even saw it. She warned us. She told you and she told me. She knew better than any of us. No. It's not true.  Come on, Nick. Stop denying it. You know you've been there for my mother on so many occasions. Your love just slowly rekindled, until that night right here on the boat it just ignited. I'll never be able to compete with that. You loved her first. And you love her more. It's just the truth. Bridget needs me, not you. Why? Just because you're her mother? No, no. This is the last straw. You've hurt her too many times. She's never going to trust you again. Just take Nick and go sail off into the sunset together. It Why do you keep beating this dead horse like this? He's free. For god's sakes, you can have him. Take him I don't want him You don't want to go off with your " destiny "? You just want to keep lying to Bridget? I'm making a sacrifice. But it's such an absurd sacrifice. It's such an absurd notion. You know what? I'll make you a bet. If she's foolish enough to stay in this marriage, I'll bet you that the night she delivers her baby, you'll be in bed with her husband. Never. I don't care what you say, Stephanie. But I'm not going to lose my daughter again. I support their marriage, and they're going to have a wonderful life together. They will survive this. They will survive you You know what you really don't understand? around. There's nothing that you can say or do that will ever reassure her or give her any trust. She's never going to trust that she'll be safe in a marriage with her husband .. So just walk away. I'll help her. I'm not going to let you do that. She's my daughter. Your daughter doesn't want to have anything to do with you. My children are the most important thing in the world. I'm not going to let you poison them against me You know, you've brought this on yourself. All by yourself. And you can't see that, can you? When the family understands what pain you have inflicted on this girl again, they're all going to walk away from you. The truth is out. They're all going to see it and you're going to lose everyone. But most importantly, you're going to lose your daughter. And it. She did it, Eric. She is pure evil.  What is it, Brooke? What happened? Stephanie told Bridget everything that we were trying to protect her from. And now our little girl is hurt. She's angry with me. She is confused.  Did she confront you? I admitted that nick and I had feelings for each other. But I told her we wouldn't act on them and that we were perfectly in control.  But Stephanie Stephanie got to her first. Stephanie distorted the truth, is what she did.  Damn it. I knew she would. And then Bridget ran out. And I just pray to god that if she went to Nick that he can get through to her somehow.  I don't even know if that's possible. Eric, I need to reassure Bridget somehow. She's our daughter Why could  She has no right to do this. She's not Bridget's mother. You are. Look, I'm finished with her. I'm through with Stephanie. She and I I divorced her. Divorced? How?  Jonathan has her power of attorney. I explained everything to him, and I convinced him to use it. I don't know what to say.  The hell with her, that's what you say. Right. Our little girl's life is in turmoil.  Well, you and I are just going to focus our energies on her. I would do anything to save that marriage. Our grandchild needs to have two parents at home. And I made that commitment to her, Eric. That I wouldn't do anything to destroy their marriage, and I mean it Now, if I just can reassure Bridget somehow. If only  What, Brooke, what can protect our grandchild, a way to save that marriage.  Name it. Brooke, I would do anything. Anything.  Go be with my mother. You were attracted to her first and you're closer in age. She's the love of your life. And you still love her, so why don't you just go take her. She's available. Just don't lie to me again and don't make any more sacrifices for me. And for heaven's sakes, don't you dare torture me with your love songs and your boat rides. I know there's a man out there that will love me more than anything else. It's just not you. I know you tried. It's just not you, as much as I wanted it to be. Bridget, your mother loves you more than anything in the world. And she would do anything for you. But your mother and I will never have a me. Don't you dare make those kind of decisions without telling me. All this time people were talking behind my back. My own father Jackie. I don't even know who else. Did no one think that I deserved the truth? How many times did I ask you for the truth? How many times did we say those vows? I'm giving you the truth now, Bridget. I love you.  I know you do. You just you just love my mother more. I really thought that we fell in love and we shared something magical. I really thought that. You know what what I've always wanted to be able to do was just live a life scandal free. Look at me now. I'm pregnant by a man who is in love with my mother. I deserve something so much better than that. Bridget  Good-bye, Nick. 
Tell him, Brooke. Tell him it's me you love, and that we're getting married today. She can't, Forrester. Don't you see? She can't. (Door-opening)  Hey. You called, what's happening?  Felicia her organs are failing.  Does the family know?  No, not yet. Felicia needed to see you. Say a prayer for her.  Call a doctor.  Too late.  The doctor just left. There's nothing more that  We need to talk about my son.  I sure would like to know what the hell is going on up there. I'm going up.  No No, Massimo give Nicky a chance to talk to Brooke.  What is there to talk about? Brooke is supposed to marry Ridge. Dominick shouldn't even be here. You had to end it with Nick. I that.  You love Nick.  Dad, he loves me, too. Just not in the same way that I deserved to be loved. And I know that, because of you. You taught me that. If that man isn't Nick, it'll be someone else. And until he comes I still have you. You're all I really need.  I love you, little girl.  I know.  Your daddy loves you. Oh, god, how can this be happening? Here I am in my wedding dress about to marry Ridge and then you show up. And I really thought that everything was settled. That you and Bridget were married, and you were happy. You promised to take care of her You heard her, she told you how she felt.  Look, I don't know what you said to Bridget to get her to say all to let you pull the same thing on Brooke. You think what you want, Forrester. She's not married yet.  The hell she's not. I suggest you go downstairs, you tell the minister and everybody else to leave.  What, are you delusional? We said our vows we've already exchanged rings, Nick. Brooke  Look, the minister didn't quite have the opportunity to make it official, but you really think she'd stand up at the altar with me if she didn't intend to have a future with me? Things have changed since you have been on the altar, Forrester. This woman deserves better. No more disappointments. No more battles with your mother  Brooke, I have sworn to you, my mother is no longer an influence in my life, and I meant it. And why would she believe that? Ridge is truly that, Nick.  I know you're concerned about Dominick.  Let Nick and Bridget raise him, please  Look, Dominick is going to be fine. You've got to believe that, okay?  I've signed legal papers. Over there  You're giving Bridget guardianship. Along with myself. That's great. Thank you. You know, Bridget left Nick. Look, it's fine, okay? Because she knows that Nick will always love Brooke more than he loves her.  Ridge is marrying Brooke  Bridget is heading over there telling Brooke that Nick is free. Look, it doesn't matter who Brooke chooses, okay? What matters is that Bridget is determined to be a mother to Dominick. Believe me when I tell you that. And I'm going to be the best father this kid could possibly have. Because he deserves the best. You know, he'll grow up life possible. The same life that everyone knows you would've given him, if you could have. (Baby-fussing)  That's Dominick.  Oh, god. Go. Go to your son.  Okay. I'll be right back, okay?  These Forrester weddings never disappoint, do they? Anyone care to make a little wager on who the groom turns out to be?  You giving odds?  My mother isn't getting married today.  What?  Please, please, don't be angry. Nick is a very honorable man, and we had a wonderful time together. He didn't do anything wrong. I just believe that his heart is with my mom, and he's upstairs telling her that.  You ended it with Nicky?  Yeah.  Bridget, what are you thinking?  Massimo Bridget has thought this through as carefully as anybody possibly could around. I've got to find out what the hell is going on  No, Massimo Well, he may be sorry, and you may believe him, but don't forget he left you for Taylor.  Brooke is the woman I'm meant to spend the rest of my life with, Nick. Focus on us, Brooke the decisions we've made the plans for the future. Just focus on that. Enough of these empty promises, Forrester. My god  Let's finish what we started. I want to be your husband. I want to start the life together that we can have to raise our child. Where were your concerns about that boy when you walked out on her to be with Taylor, Forrester? Where were your concerns about Hope? How do you explain that? A little tough for you, isn't it? Tough to face the fact that I'd be be.  You think I'd let you raise my son? Ridge Nick was there for the children when you left us. He's never let us down.  And I never should've walked out on you, Brooke, I know that. But R.J. is our son. She was on the altar to give her kids some stability, Forrester. And you're right, R.J. is your son, and you deserve to raise him. But what about Hope? Now I might not be that girl's biological father, but I'm her father in every other way. And she deserves to be with a family where the rug won't be pulled out from under her on a whim. No more candles and romance no more empty promises about commitment  Oh, like the commitment you made to Bridget? Huh? You really don't get it, do you? He doesn't want you, Brooke that might be alluring to you, but it's not safe. And it's not what you want. You ought to know, you've been there before.  All right, damn it That's enough Get the hell out of here, Dominick. Get out, Dominick. We all come here today to see Ridge and Brooke get married. That is exactly what is going to happen. You don't get it, Pop.  What do you mean I don't Come over here a minute, would you, please? How can you do this to your brother on his wedding day? She doesn't want to marry him.  Ridge and Brooke are R.J .'s parents. Don't you respect that? Respect that?  Yeah. Because of the Marone dynasty? Because he's your oldest son? Because of the namesake is that what this is about? marry.  What better reason? You're not teenagers, for god's sake, acting out your emotion. You're adults, you behave like adults. Dominick, don't you realize the most important thing in the world is family? You two are my sons, my blood. Your feelings have been duly noted. And I love you, Pop. But don't interfere with my relationship with Brooke.  What are you talking about? They have a child, Dominick. And I married Bridget because of a child. And it wasn't right. And I won't let Brooke make the same mistake. Stephanie Hear me out. I don't think there's anything you can say that would be worth hearing. I'm on your side. Oh, I must not have gotten the memo. You need all the allies that you can get. Because Massimo has nothing to do with this. Don't be a fool. He's got a big influence on Nick. Even though you've chosen well you have chosen him, so that's all that matters. No, I haven't chosen anybody. Oh, please, you have. Your commitment to Ridge is half-hearted at best. I'm not going to listen to this. I saw someone today, someone I haven't seen in a very long time. A safe, strong, secure Bridget. She's healthy again. She's looking forward to the future again. I really don't know what Bridget's thinking. I know that you've always wanted what's best for her. And I understand the sacrifice that you and Nick made. I understand he went back just because she was pregnant. But let's face it fate, destiny, whatever you want to call it, brooke second choice. Bridget knows that, I know it, so do you. It's Nick - And Ridge. Ridge is a strong, strapping fellow. He'll get over it. Honey, Bridget is happy for you. Why won't you let Nick be happy, too? And what about you, Stephanie? If I leave Ridge to be with Nick, wouldn't you be the happiest one of all? Mm-hmm.  Dominick is fine. His toy fell out of the crib. I guess it's his favorite. Our son, Felicia look, you know what? I know how important it is to you, that Dominick be raised in a loving home, with two parents. It won't be Bridget and Nick, but maybe maybe some day it could be me and Bridget. I love her very much. And we both love Dominick. And maybe someday we'll come together and be a 'll even have a little brother or sister. Felicia, nothing will ever replace you. You gave birth to Dominick. And I promise you, I swear to god, I will do everything in my power to make sure he has the best life possible. You know, he'll grow up with two people who care about him and love him myself and Bridget very much.  Thank you. (Felicia-moans)  Felicia Felicia You know how I feel about Brooke.  I'm not going to change my mind about this, Dominick. Fighting between brothers, fathers and sons all over the same woman? It's incest I am not going to have the Marone family name disgraced the way the Forrester family's name has been disgraced. Ridge and Brooke are being married. R.J .'s parents are going to be together. And you are going to stay the hell out of it Maybe, Brooke, if you marry Ridge, it'll just be a disappointment. We were happy, Stephanie. For a few months. We would still be together if Taylor never came back. But something else would've happened. Something always happens where you're concerned. Look, Nick has never disappointed you. Ridge has and he will again. And how do you know that? I'm not trying to make your life miserable. I would like you to be happy. Just not with my son. Don't you want to free yourself of me, and this eternal antagonism that we have? Brooke, your daughter has found clarity in her life. Seeing you two together you and Nick convinced her that the two of you belong together. Come on, get over this obsession with my family. You have a chance for a new life. A life that you really want. If you just follow your  Oh Mother, just stop it, will you? If you can't support me and Brooke, I want you out of here. I'm sorry, Logan. I should have done this a long time ago. Brooke and I are going to be married, mother. Without you here. In fact, we're going to spend the rest of our life together, without you. Ridge  No Enough. I offered you the chance to share this day with us, and what you do with it? Just go. No, wait, wait. You know what? Stay. I'd like both you and Nick to hear this. Logan I love you more than life itself. We shared a connection, for most of our life, that no one can sever. We've endured so much, and it's brought us to this point. This point our wedding day. A day to celebrate that love. Now, so be it. But the one thing that I want to know is that you want to spend the rest of your life with me. Logan tell me that's what you want. Tell him. For god's sake, put us all out of our misery. Tell the two of them, which one is the one that you want? 
That's it. That's it. Both of you, just get the hell out of here You know I'm right. You're in love with Nick.  What's going on up there?  I told Dominick that I would not interfere in Ridge's plans in marrying Brooke, and neither should he.  Oh, Massimo, no.  There's nothing you can do to change that.  Ridge and Brooke have a child my grandson. I am not allowing this boy to grow up tainted in scandal.  But if it's meant to be  Oh, for God's sake. Jacqueline, they almost got married. She'd made her choice.  That's when she thought that Nick and I were still together.  And you should be. You Forresters you treat marriage as if it's a square dance. You keep switching partners whenever you want.  Oh, stop it, mass . It's reprehensible. And damn it, Bridget, it's just not like you.  Massimo, my daughter has made a decision. It's finished now. God, you're like Stephanie. You're running around here pushing your own agenda. We have to let our children live their own lives.  Felicia? Oh, God, can you hear me? I have to call an ambulance.  No.  You need a doctor.  My family  You need your family?  Now.  I'll call them, all right?  Eric, your daughter sent Dominick over here. All I wanted was Ridge and Brooke to finish what they started.  Well, this isn't about what you want, Massimo.  No, it's not. It's about what mom wants right now.  Well, she made that perfectly clear when she accepted she'll make the same choice again no matter what Nick says, won't she?  I got it. Hello?  Hello, this is Dante Damiano. I need to speak to a member of the Forrester family, please.  Dante, it's Thorne. What is it?  Look, it's Felicia. You have to hurry, okay? She's she's very sick. She needs to see all of you, right away.  We'll be right there. Dad. Dad We have to go.  What?  It's Felicia. She needs us.  I'll get your mother.  Okay.  Oh no.  Mother, Brooke's future is with me. But her heart belongs to Nick, doesn't it? Stop it. You stop it. Tell my son what he has to hear. Not now, Eric.  Yes, now. It's Felicia. Something's wrong. Oh, my God, no.  Come on, let's go. Not you. Felicia wants her family, and you're not a part of it.  Here. Your family should be here any minute. Is there anything else I can do for you?  Stay.  Look, I'm not leaving. But I'm going to call an ambulance.  No.  You need to go to a hospital  No hospital.  Felicia, you need help.  You  Me? Felicia, I want to help you, but I'm not a doctor. What can I do? I thought everybody left.  Well, I didn't want to intrude on Felicia's time with her family. Stephanie refused to let daughter could be dying, and she's taking shots at me.  You don't deserve that. But it gives us a little time to talk. I'm all talked-out.  I'll bet. Then just listen. Brooke, I don't want you worrying about Stephanie. I'll make sure that she doesn't bother you anymore. Nor will Dominick. And you and Ridge will be free to run your own lives and make your own decisions, for yourselves and your children. Well, that's very good of you, Massimo. But  But you think I'm getting a little ahead of myself. A little.  Brooke, the minister was about to announce you husband and wife. You and Ridge are practically married already. And you will be, Brooke. It's the only way I will allow it.  How is she?  She's been asking for all of, man.  Thanks for coming. Dante, did you call an ambulance?  She wouldn't let me. Honey, I think you should be in the hospital now.  Too late. No, it's not.  Stephanie, this is what Felicia wants.  Champagne? Now? Felicia, I think it's your liver. I don't think it's the cancer yet. If it is, I just don't think you should have any alcohol.  When have you ever known Felicia to take no for an answer?  My way.  Everyone, please take a glass. Well, I could use a drink. You know I'm usually a beer guy, but seeing as it's you a toast to the life of the party and the coolest girl I ever had the pleasure of  The pleasure was all mine. Sorry. really believed he was your son. You don't have to be sorry for that. You don't have to be sorry for anything.  One for the road. Let's raise our glasses, shall we? To Felicia.  Vintage Felicia. We all love you so much.  I know.  You always did bring the life to the party, kiddo. But you brought so much more, too. The way you brought this family back together. You reminded us what was really important. Taught us all a lesson. How strong can a mother's love be?  Dominick.  Yeah. We're all going to take care of Dominick, don't worry. Who would've guessed, huh? My kid sister strongest one of us all.  That goes for me, too. You got ta make a lot of noise in this family to be heard. And believe me, I out. Even in this crowd. I just can't fathom not having you here. I love you so much.  I love you.  Thanks for coming home to us. I was so happy to see you. Oh, we were a mess. Weren't we? We were all fighting over the company. And your mother and I at each other's throats. We'd lost all perspective and faith. But you looked into each one of us into our eyes and you reminded us how much we mean to each other. Thanks. Well, you're just this black sheep, aren't you? Black sheep of the family, and you're so proud of it. Well, it's a dubious honor. The best from the first day you learned how to say no, you were determined to be an outsider, but you're not. And you never will be. You have this special place of your own in this family  I love you, too, Daddy.  My little girl. Felicia, I'm taking you to the hospital. I'm going to call an ambulance right now.  Brooke, you have to think of R.J. Ridge's namesake. If you step towards Dominick Ridge will always be a part of R.J .'s life.  Brooke, stay with Ridge. Give your son a proper family. You don't have to tell me what's at stake here.  I think you and your daughter should be reminded what it was like for her growing up in the shadow of her parents' scandals. That's not what you want for R.J. Brooke, I know that. And neither does Bridget. Look, you care for Ridge. You were ready to marry him. Yes. Yes, I was. But I never stopped loving Nick.  Ridge left Taylor and his he left me for them  All right, fine. Okay. I just want to say one more thing. If you are afraid to go ahead with this wedding because of Stephanie, trust me, if you step towards Dominick, your problems with Stephanie will be a walk in the park compared to what you'll get from me. Yes, yes, that's the address. Well, how long are you going to take? Tell them to hurry, please.  Mother, mother. I know how hard this is.  You're just making it harder now.  She wants to be with us. She wants us all to be together as a family. (Dominick-fusses)  I hope it's okay. I thought that maybe I thought maybe you'd want to see Dominick. Want to see, mommy?  Hi, baby. Felicia, honey, listen to me. If you wo baby.  Stephanie, don't.  Momma loves you so much. Please please  Felicia, we will take care of him.  Like my own.  Bridget's mommy now, okay? Oh, God Dominick's family. All of you. He's going to need you so much. Felicia, this baby needs you more than anybody else.  Stephanie, don't. You have got to keep fighting.  Stephanie, she's really at peace about what's happening. It's happening because we're letting it happen.  She has done everything. Come here, sweetie. Felicia  She's done everything she can do. Felicia? Felicia, listen to me. Felicia, Felicia? You can have an organ transplant. It wouldn't cure the cancer, but it would buy you time. It'd buy you time with . I can't lose you. And he deserves that time. Please. Listen to me. If I can buy you that time oh, honey, in the end, nothing means anything except you and the baby. You've got to keep fighting. Felicia, you can't walk away from your child. You have a duty to him. To us. Please, you have to be here for him. Oh, honey, I'm sorry I wasn't here for you always. I'm so sorry.  You are now. Please listen to me and keep fighting. Keep fighting for the baby. That's what's important.  No It is. He needs to know you. He needs to know how much you love him.  Help me Oh, baby girl. Felicia? Felicia? Oh, my God, no Oh, no Oh, God, no Not my God. Please 
I'm not sure if you can replace me as spokesmodel for Brooke's bedroom, but there's only one way to find out.  I have to try out? I have to see if you can model.  I have no interest in modeling. Besides, Brooke, you are Brooke's bedroom. To even consider giving up your role as model spokesperson. The line is you, Brooke. What you and ridge created together what you'd still be sharing if Nick hadn't interfered Oh, careful, Donna, that's my husband you're talking about.  But to make you walk away from something you love as much as the bedroom line is just He didn't make me do anything. After everything that happened with Ridge and Stephanie, I can understand why Nick would have some issues where Ridge is concerned.  Maybe you're the one with the issues. Never mind. If you have something to say, just say it . Even Nick realizes that my feelings for Ridge won't just vanish.  You're staying away from Ridge because you know the position you'll find yourself in with him if you don't. Oh, my God, enough already  You wanted to hear it. No, you're wrong. I understand that you're concerned about me. But Ridge is my past. And Nick is my future.  Can Nick make you as happy as Ridge has? Brooke, I want that for you, always.  Bridget? Bridget? Hey.  Hey.  Thinking about Darla?  Yeah. You know, in all the craziness, the ones you could always count on were Thorne and Darla. I just needed to go somewhere and talk, have someone listen, I could go to my brothers. I could talk to my sister-in-law. They were so grateful to have each other. And can't believe she's gone. And I can't believe our kids won't have Aunt Darla to talk to.  " Our kids "? Are you saying  No no, I'm not pregnant. We just started trying, you silly goose.  You'd still like to be, right?  What do you think?  You want to know what I think?  I think I just might. Nick's already brought so much happiness into to my life. And Hope is crazy about him.  And Bridget gave him up, let her heart be broken, for you. Now, what does that have to do with my feelings for Nick?  It has everything to do with them. If being with Nick instead of Ridge is about putting your children's needs first then No, no, it's not. I love Nick. Why can't you seem adult life, you've been in love with Ridge. You are so close to having everything you've ever dreamed of ridge, success as a model, CEO of Forrester Creations, acceptance from the entire Forrester family. How could you possibly want to give that up? My life has changed. I've charted a new course.  Charted a new course? What are you, Captain Logan now? Oh, Donna, please.  Well, your newly-charted course isn't gon na make you happy. That's enough. Why don't you just do something for me and get dressed. By the way, I am happy.  I need to go into Forrester. Everyone is helping out while Thorne's  Okay.  Look, we recently started talking about having a child of our own, right?  Yeah.  When was the last time you had your period?  I  Six weeks?  Have you been counting?  I think the last time was when we were watching the basketball playoffs.  Was it?  Yeah.  That was six weeks ago?  Mm-hmm.  Gosh, I guess with everything going on, I just lost track of time.  Do you think you still could be?  I guess we should find out. We should take a test.  Well, look, I don't have to go into Forrester right away. I could go to a drugstore and pick out a pregnancy test. I mean, you don't need a prescription for that, do you?  No, you don't need a prescription. I can do it. You can go on into Forrester. I'll come by as soon as I know.  It doesn't take long to find out, right?  No, just a few shower. You could've been a surgeon. What's the challenge in that? I'm gon na call her " The good ship Marone. " Well, then I really hate to ask. Then please don't ask. Could you move all this to another room? Another room? There's hundreds of pieces here. Yeah, well, you know, your idea about having Donna replace me as the Brooke's bedroom model? Yeah. Well, she's considering it. Oh? That's good. Why do I have to move all this to another room? Well, I need to put Donna through the paces. I have to see if she can handle the runway. Could you help me with this? Oh, so you're gon na teach her the strides, huh? Yeah, well, there's a little more to it, really? I mean, you walk to the end of the runway, you turn around, you wave. Do models wave? You know, this idea of having Donna do this, I think it's great, but it does concern me about her lack of experience. Oh. Okay, come on, help me. One, two, three Where are we going? This way. Pull. Oh You know, maybe I should stick around and give a man's opinion, huh?  Uh, I don't think so. Well, I did see most of it this morning, if you remember. Donna, you're going to have to get over this modesty issue. Men are going to watch you on the catwalk, they're going to see you on TV. Catalogs, where they'll order goodies for their sweethearts. Of Take off the robe.  You you're really gon na stay? Yeah. I have my own model to work on.  Suit yourself. I'd say she has a good start on things. Yeah, okay. Walk down this way, and then walk back. Rome wasn't built in a day.  Six weeks? Could I really be pregnant?  Felicia  Hey. I'm not stalking you, I swear. I'm just helping out so Thorne can take a break. Some time off. But I brought somebody I thought you might want to see.  Hey What are you doing, huh? What are you doing, little boy? Huh? You're getting so big, huh?  Bigger every day.  Time flies, doesn't it, huh?  If you're not there every moment, you miss, Dante, the three of us. (Dante-making-baby-talk) We still can be.  My future is with Bridget.  I know that's what you think. But I also know how important family is to you. And, so, I also think that maybe one day, you'll realize this family we share could make you happier. Okay, well, let's try this again. And have some fun with it. You've got to liven it up. This is all about having fun, okay?  Okay, fun. Having fun. No, no, no. Donna, you've got to look sexy, but not like a street walker. I don't know, that worked for me. Nick  Cute. Sorry, I'll just be here not watching. Okay, let's try this one more time, okay? Good.  Well, that give yourself a bad back. Piece of cake. Well, it's not all about the catwalk. The success of the line is also based on embracing what it stands for, and conveying that as a spokesperson. Now, the press is gon na want to ask you questions, want to know how the lingerie feels, what you think of it. Oh, come on, Brooke. Nobody's really gon na be listening. You show' em the goods, you'll be fine. Then again, what do I know? You'll have to talk about Brooke's bedroom, what it means to you.  You want me to talk deeply about bras and panties? Well, if it doesn't mean that much to you, then  No, no, Brooke, really, it does. I know how much it means to you, how much you enjoy it. So I can draw from that. in Brooke's bedroom. Remember all the secrets we shared? We laughed and giggled, sometimes all night long, feeling safe. To put on Brooke's bedroom is to take a simple evening with a man you love, and turn it into an event. It's not a seduction or an act, it's a connection. Not being afraid to feel, to celebrate who you are as a woman. To celebrate something divine, to give yourself the ultimate gift. My sister Brooke understands all this. And that is what it's like being in Brooke's bedroom. Thank you.  You're welcome. Well, let me know if I got the job. Well, I think you just might have found the new face of Brooke's bedroom.  Hey. Easiest place in the world to find a babysitter. The women in the sewing room used to spoil me rotten when I was a kid, so I figured it was time to So it's just you and me?  Yeah, don't worry, I didn't take Dominick to the sewing room so that I could jump your bones. Not that I wouldn't enjoy it. Okay, then. All right, I'll just pick up these toys, and then I'll be out of your hair, okay?  Hey.  Hey, hi.  How are you? I took the test.  Test? What kind of test? Pregnancy? You two are trying to have a baby?  Felicia, could you give us some privacy, please?  Of course not. Are you pregnant?  Hello?  Ridge, it's Donna. Look, I know you're busy, but I just wanted you to know that Brooke is considering me as her replacement for the bedroom line.  You?  No one can take Brooke's place. I known't want to give this up. She's only doing it  Because of Nick.  She claims she's made a commitment to him, that she's happy.  You think she's not?  Honestly, I I don't think she could ever be happy without you. Brooke, she gets it. She's a little green, but so what? She's perfect, and you know it. Otherwise, you wouldn't have put her through this little charm school of yours. Donna has a ways to go, but it might work. This is this is a good thing. It's a good thing. You can still work out of Marone, be CEO of Forrester, and you don't have to deal with that crazy family anymore. I know. It's just really hard for me. I mean, I understand that you hate that I work at Forrester Creations, . (Nick-sighs) I've asked a lot of you. I know that. We fought a battle a big battle to get where we are, and we won. And I've come down hard on you, and that's not gon na stop. I'm gon na keep doing that, because I do it because I love you. I believe you do not need Forrester Creations. So you really think it's gon na work? Honey, if you hire your sister, that family no longer has a hold on you. Okay, I'll do it. That a girl. This could be a whole new start for you. Everything that you've gone through with that family I'm happy for you. I am so happy for you. Yeah. 
What's going on? Your sister has some news for you. You want to tell her the news? When Nick suggested that you replace me as spokeswoman for Brooke's bedroom, I wasn't sure if you could do it, I wasn't sure if you wanted to do it.  It's your baby. Yes, I created it, I nurtured it and watched it grow into one of the most successful clothing lines ever. It's not just a brand name, it's a philosophy, it's who I am.  Which is why you can't be replaced. I'm ready to take on new challenges in my life.  Even if it breaks your heart? It would break my heart if you said no.  Brooke Your sister's offering you this job she's counting on you. Don't let her down.  Felicia please, come on. This doesn't concern you. son could have a little brother or sister on the way. You might've mentioned you were trying.  Why would he need to tell you that?  Dante is Dominick's father. If he's gon na have more children, I think I have the right to know.  Look she's going to find out anyway. So, are you pregnant?  The test came back negative. I'm not pregnant.  Well, we'll keep trying, right? Brooke resigned?  As spokesmodel for the bedroom line, but she's still ceo. Oh, well it's a start. I know you think it's the end of an era.  There's no Brooke's bedroom without Brooke, mother. Well, you just have to move on.  Have you checked the sales figures lately? Of course I have. They're extraordinary.  It then maybe she'll change her mind.  She's already found a replacement. Her sister, Donna.  You're sure you want me to replace you? You seem like you're a natural with this.  I don't know the first thing about modeling. I'll teach you. You can do this.  Look, it's not Donna's bedroom, it's Brooke's' bedroom. They want to see you. We'll make the transition as smooth as possible.  What if I tank? I won't let you. You saw Brooke's bedroom as one of my dreams before I even knew that I had it. I can trust you more than I can trust anyone.  Look, I know this is an amazing opportunity for me, I do And you should grab it.  I know my sister. I saw the look on your face 'm sentimental, you know that. I'm closing a chapter in my life that was very important to me. But now I'm opening a new one, and so are you. So, I made my decision. The job is yours if you want it.  Well, don't you have to run it by Ridge? She doesn't need his permission.  But it's his line, too, Brooke. He has a right to know. He's got no right. Nick could I just talk to my sister for a minute alone, please? Sure. Oh my God She hasn't accepted?  Can't imagine her turning it down. She'll make more in a week than she could earn in a year. What does she know about modeling? Who's gon na teach her?  Not me I'm not designing for the bedroom line line.  I love working with Brooke on it. Yes, she was my inspiration. Frankly, it'll never be the same without her.  I'm sorry, okay? I didn't mean to get his knickers in a twist. You were goading him.  If it wasn't for your seafaring husband, you'd never give up modeling, you wouldn't need me to replace you. Your giving up something your passionate about to make him happy. Because I love him. And marriage is about compromise. Someday you'll understand that.  So I'm just supposed to sit back and watch you make the biggest mistake of your life? Well now, if giving up modeling is the biggest mistake of my life  No, it's not just the modeling, Brooke, it's what it represents. Your future with Ridge. Your destiny. Donna, what I had with ridge was So what's it gon na be? Is this the new face of Brooke's bedroom?  You really think I can do it? I know you can. You're gon na make me so proud.  Are you sure these home pregnancy tests are reliable?  Yeah, yeah, they're almost 100% accurate.  I was already thinking about names.  Oh baby, I know you're disappointed.  Aren't you?  Honestly, I'm a little bit relieved.  Relieved? What?  Well, I mean honey, we're not even married yet.  I thought you wanted this.  Well I do I know I told you that, but we have the rest of our lives to raise children and it would be nice to focus on ourselves. You know, get to know each other.  Get to know each other? We already know  Of course we know each other, that's why i can be this honest with you. Look, I know that I'm doing a 180 here, but if you can just be patient with me  Patient? That's all I've been is patient since the day I met you. I waited a year for you to get over Nick remember that? Then I asked you to marry me, when you said no, I almost married your sister.  Honey, I've just made some mistakes and I don't want to make another one.  So having a baby with me would be a mistake?  I didn't say that. Please don't put words in my mouth.  Bridget, just tell me, what are we doing here? What?  Seems like you're overreacting a little bit.  Do you want have a life with me or not?  How can you ask if I'm wasting my time. You led me to believe that you wanted to have a family with me.  I do want to have a family with you, but we haven't even set a date yet.  I'd marry you tonight, but you keep wanting to wait.  My sister-in-law just died. I feel like you want me to prove something to you that you should already know. I love you, Dante, and  I want to be alone, please.  Dante listen  Just please just go. Please. (Knock-at-the-door) Hi, is it safe? Yeah, Donna left a little while ago. Okay. So give me some good news did she take the job? She's practicing as we speak.  Chin up. Shoulders back. Now walk. Loosen up Sell it.  Brava.  Ridge the torch.  Yeah, can you believe it? Me, Donna Logan, spokesperson for Brooke's bedroom.  Did she say exactly when this transition is supposed to take place?  She's holding a press conference for tomorrow morning.  Oh, that fast?  You know how she is when she gets an idea in her head. Won't take no for an answer.  Mm-hmm  Look, I know you'd rather have Brooke modeling the line.  You're gon na be fine.  They won't be looking at me, they'll be looking at your designs.  Not this time.  What do you mean?  I'm not gon na design the Brooke's bedroom line anymore.  Hey I could say I'm sorry that Bridget's not pregnant but you'd know that I was lying. I like it that we have a child together. Bridget the best part of you.  You know what she said? She said that she was relieved she wasn't pregnant. I thought she wanted to have a family with me, now she wants me to wait.  Dante, I am so sorry.  I didn't even tell you the best part about it. She wants me to be patient (Glass-breaking)  I know you warned me this would happen. I asked her to marry me, she said no. I ask you to marry me, you say yes and then she's got to have me. Now that we're together  Maybe it's better for it to come out now, before there's a child involved.  She's driving me crazy.  You know, everything you want you already have with me. A child. A woman who loves you. I love you. And I miss you. We were happy. Yeah, maybe it family. The three of us in our own little world. And it felt right to me, anyway.  Come on Felicia  Oh God, I hate saying this. You're never gon na be happy with her. I know that you don't realize it right now, but you know what, you will. And when you do, I'll be waiting.  I know what it's like, you know, not wanting to be with someone trying to be patient.  You're worth it. So whenever you're ready - I know it's tough. Yeah, but it was the right thing to do. For all of us. I am crazy about you. I love you, too. You ready for bed? I'll be up in a minute.  Ridge, you can't give up the bedroom line.  Don't 'll be in good hands.  I'm not thinking of myself. I know how much Brooke's bedroom means to you.  Brooke and I definitely made some magic.  It wouldn't be the same without her. You know, this whole situation is wrong. Brooke and nick married? My sister cutting herself off from everything you two share?  Brooke is lost.  Because she's not with you. You've been the one constant in her life. Even when you're apart, it's like her love for you grounds her somehow. Which is why I've always looked up to you two what you share. I mean it's true. It's you guys have been the gold standard. What the rest of us hope to find in a relationship only to come up short. I know, believe me, I've tried for years and never married no serious involvements. Because of you, Ridge. to know the effect that you've had on my life. No man has ever measured up. I have to wonder if any one ever will. You're handsome, and sexy and exciting and dangerous. You're kind and understanding. You're everything a woman could ever ask for.  Seems your sister has forgotten.  Temporarily. But she'll remember. She always comes back to you. Destiny. Isn't that what you both call it? I mean it's true. I've had a front row seat to the greatest love affair ever. It's not over. It can't be.  Thank you, Donna.  No, I should be thanking you. Seeing the passion that you guys share is it's given me something to aspire to. And I refuse to settle for anything less. Even though I can't find that fulfillment in a man right now in the meantime, I am determined to make my mark be great.  I was kind of hoping to do it with you. But, you know, I totally understand if you don't want to design for anyone but Brooke. And even though this is my first modeling job and I was kind of counting on you, I won't hold it against you if the whole thing goes bust and they blame it all on the poor, little waitress from San Francisco who doesn't know  Okay, all right, all right, all right. You win. I'll design the line.  Oh my God You have no idea how much this means to me. If I can do anything anything at all  You've already done a lot. You've done a lot. This last while hasn't been real easy for me, as you know. But being with you  I want to be there for you, Ridge in any way I can. Whenever you Logan. 
Would you stop dressing that tree? It's not a mannequin.  Oh, would you stop addressing those Christmas cards? It's too late. I'm just sending them to people who sent us cards that I didn't have on my list in the first place.  Who's that one from? Pam.  She's a very faithful person, isn't she? She's a good person.  Why don't you ask her for that recipe? You know, the Yule log thing, that didn't go so well, when you tried it a few seasons back? My mother's recipe, bush noel?  Bush Noel, does that mean " Yule log? " Because that Yule log ended up tasting like Yule log sawdust. Well, I guess I misjudged the amount of eggs.  Well, I guess so. Yes, and it's my mother's recipe. It's her written recipe, although I don't know why. She never read a . A little dab of this, a little pinch of that. She would be singing and carrying on and the whole thing would turn out perfectly. She would look at my father and smile and say, " Stevie helped. " And give me that private little look. You're right. It really is too late.  Well, some people maybe are not very good at love, but they keep doing it anyway. I meant the Christmas cards.  I meant your mother. I mean, the way she loves you, is maybe not what she needed then, but maybe it's what she needs now.  " And laying his finger aside of his nose, giving a nod up the chimney he rose. He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle. And away they all flew like a down of a thistle. But I heard him exclaim ,' ere he drove out a sight, happy Christmas to all, and to all  Again, Daddy. Oh, I think three times is enough. Besides, you need to get ready for Grandma.  And tonight, we'll read all about baby Jesus and the manger. The real meaning of Christmas.  That's right. The real meaning of Christmas. Mommy, how many more nights until Christmas? Just a few. I can't wait to see the whole family, especially Alexandria. She must be sad missing her mommy.  What's that smell? Oh, Phoebe's baking cookies and then we get to ice them.  Hmm.  Should we put up the old Santa, too? Oh, yeah. We're going to put up everything.  Is there enough room? Yeah, we'll put decorations on the banisters, outside, we'll put it all over the place. No, no, Ally, wait.  You can use it, if you want. And Thomas and the girls are used to seeing mine up, but you know, your mommy is still a part of this family. We could put it up here. Do you want to do that? Come on, I'll show you where we can put it. Come on, right over here. What do you think of that? Do you like it? Look. Isn't that pretty. It matches everything. So, now you're seated in my mother's rooting section?  No, I'm seated in your rooting section. And you may not be able to forgive her or understand her, but maybe you don't need to. Listen, when you were a little girl, you didn't need to understand her, she was your mother. You accepted her. And I was a fool to do so.  Well, love makes fools of all of us. Look at me.  Mm-hmm.  What?  I do again? Surprise.  Well, joyful all ye nations rise.  Well, that's what I say.  Most of these gifts are for Dominic and Dante. That's right. My Italian stallion's coming home for Christmas. There might be a couple in here with your names on them. Do you think that perhaps we could talk about a wedding?  Okay, mother. Let's just cut to the chase. Can you picture the dream wedding you've always wanted for me? Oh, very easily.  Good. I'm not having that wedding. Black. You haven't even given it a thought, have you?  Of course, I have. It's me you are talking to. I just don't think we should set anything in stone until Dante gets home. He gets a vote too.  Wait, the husband gets a vote? When did they pass that law?  Just concentrate on bossing Thorne and . Except them, and they're not here. But they don't want a big wedding.  It's going to be a different Christmas this year. Without Darla here. I just remembered. I have some place to go.  Where are you going?  Last minute Christmas shopping for her favorite daughter? Oh, is Kristin here? I have to get to a shop before it closes.  Mom's really going all out this year. It should be a Christmas we'll never forget.  Yeah. It should be. If I could just think of what to get her, it would have been under the tree. In light of upheaval in her life right now. As soon as I can think of something extraordinary to show her how much I love her.  What are you doing, sneaking around? I still need to wrap a few more presents. Close the door.  Do you need a hand? with my wrapping skills? Well, it's just kind of funny. Because for somebody so artistic, it's strange how you manage to make every gift look like a paper mache ball.  Oh, is there a knife in my back? I think there's a knife in my back. R.J. and Hope are really entranced by the Christmas story you read f them.  It's so amazing to see the world through their eyes. So many possibilities. All you have to do is dream, and dreams come true. I was helping hope brush her hair and I had to just stop and look at her. She's so amazing. She's been through so much and just continues to smile all the time. She's so eager for whatever life sends her way. I know. She is a survivor, that's for sure.  Just like her mommy. Just like Thorne and Alexandria will have to be this year. Stephanie too stopping long enough to realize how far we've all come. And realizing that one of this things that made it possible to get through all of it, is the people that were always standing beside us when we were there. And knowing we don't ever want to be without them, ever again. Do you think Ally's okay?  Well, Christmas would have been hard at home, just the two of us. When you're in a new house with a new family, it's got to be better. How about you?  I'm trying. I know you miss her.  You know, sometimes it seems like Christmas is about that you had and lost. For me, it's about endings. The end of a year and all of the hopes that you had from the end of rite. The end of people who were in your life and now they aren't. The end of all of the negative things we that with every ending, there's a new beginning. And you and I are we're having a new beginning. Everybody looks good with a purple moustache.  You know, we need to have Sally over. I thought she was spending Christmas with C.J.  Well, as soon as she gets back. I was thinking that maybe you could do a little stealth shrinking on her. You know, she's lost so much her daughter, her business, all of her friends. Women have to live so much longer than men. Looks like we'll all end up in her situation.  Well, I have good genes. Just look how old Grandma Douglas is. Yeah, and how alone.  Well, that's her own fault.  So, you really don't know what you want to get mother for Christmas?  Well, you know she doesn't care about jewelry and I don't dare buy her anything to wearn't annoy her. Not that that's ever bothered me.  How about a rare tropical bird? She'll hate it.  I'm actually thinking of something a little more rare.  An iguana? Ooh, they could end up getting along.  Yeah, that's right. No, I'm thinking of something that your mother needs but she doesn't know. She needs  Daddy  I'm going to invite her mother for Christmas.  How about you wrap yourself in that paper? And put myself under the tree?  Mm-hmm. How many nights did you say before Christmas? Too many. I want you to open your present right now.  You like to be unwrapped, don't you? Oh, yes.  Logan, you are all I want, all I have ever needed. Well, it took you a while to come to your senses.  Well, I had a few minor hurdles the days until I can look in those beautiful eyes and say, I do, to a lifetime commitment sealed with a kiss. For the very last time.  The last time. The last time.  The last time. Yes. (Knock-on-the-door) Hello? Are you two decent in there?  Come on in. You're early? Well, I wanted to beat the lines at the store.  What? More argyle socks for dad there? No, I gave those up years ago. It's a photo album for Alexandria. Oh, that will be nice. Yeah, I hope she likes it. I want to try and make this a really Merry Christmas for her.  I'll go get Hope. Okay.  Do you want come join No. I'm going to talk to Brooke. It's okay. She'll be fine. I didn't bring a gun. So, what, I got to thinking, you know we've had our battles, more than enough of them. And we both done lots of things that we've probably given the opportunity, we would like to take back. Yeah. But here we are. Soon to be mother-in-law and daughter-in-law. Again. I just wanted to tell you that I'm happy we're getting a second chance. It's going to make this Christmas very special. Here we are, having the family reunited. And it wouldn't have happened if it hadn't been for you. Me? Oh, you. Oh, sweetheart. Now, listen, just because we've had a warm, fuzzy moment doesn't mean that I don't expect Christmas gifts from you. I'm expecting, actually diamonds. Okay. But I'm looking forward to getting some pretty little presents too, you know. All ready. So, you and Ridge going to get married a front row seat? Oh, I'm sure we can do better than that. This all seems so unreal. What? The ability to forgive one another? Well, I mean, after everything I've put you through What about me and everything I've put you through? Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. Yeah. Well, I know I have a knack for driving people crazy, believe me. But I've, gosh, I've learned a lot about myself this year. And I faced some issues I didn't even realize I was going to face. You're seeing things differently now. Yeah. I'm so grateful that Felicia's healthy. And I'm happy about Thorne and Taylor and you, Ridge. God, the house is peaceful again, you know. Brothers and sisters and fathers and sons and mothers and daughters. It's all Do you think you'll ever be able some things that are unforgivable. My mother died from me 30 years ago. And seeing her again didn't change one damn thing. As far as I'm concerned, she's dead and buried. And I don't ever want to see her again. I'm sorry. Little girl is at her mother's.  You know one thing that makes me happy is ally will never like there was unfinished business between her and Darla. Darla was her best friend. Yeah, we have to just keep reminding her that bond survives. It's so special that no one can replace that, not me, not anybody.  Yeah, I wonder how my mother feels when she has nothing but unfinished business with her parents. Like I said, that bond survives, even if we wish it wouldn't.  Well, I can see new beginnings everywhere. Maybe she can too, someday.  Pamela? It's Eric Forrester.  Hello,  Well, the whole ham or whole turkey is a little much for us these days. So, usually we just go out.  Well, listen, as long as you're going out anyway, why don't you come here?  That's very sweet of you, Eric.  What does he want?  No, it's not sweet of me, I'm family, remember?  Just a minute. I think he wants to talk to you.  Eric?  Ann, hello. Listen, I'm calling to invite you to Christmas dinner.  Stephanie changed her mind?  Well, I thought - I thought we could surprise her.  I don't think that's a good idea.  Listen, I realize that you didn't get exactly a warm welcome last time you were here.  I'm not really up to traveling.  Well, I'll send the plane. I promise you'll be very, very for you. You won't even know you're traveling.  Let's be frank, Eric. My daughter hates me. Not without reason. And so do you.  And you, holing up a half a continent away, helps solve that problem in what way, exactly?  You can't say I didn't try?  Yeah, once. And now, you're giving up. Listen, is your hotel dinner with Pam all that appealing?  I want nothing more than to give Stephanie the peace she deserves. What will people be wearing?  Everything from Santa Claus to Sunday best. And you'll be beautiful. I know you will. Listen, I'll talk to the pilot. I'll have him I'll have him call you right away. Thank you.  Now, you've done it.  Yes, well, it seems I have. Your mother's going to have to think of something other than jellyfish to call will. This could have been the nicest Christmas ever. And now it's going to be a train wreck. 
Oh, my goodness.  Let me steal two of these from you.  Two of those for you. I'll take this one right here. Here we are. Here you go, Brooke.  Thank you. Thank you. Going to the battered women and children shelter this morning makes us realize how lucky our children really are.  How lucky we all are.  Hey, so Dino needed a nap?  Yes, and after the morning we had, I could use one, too. Hey, why don't you go have some of Eric's eggnog over there?  I said a nap, Taylor, not knocked out cold. Thank you, again if I haven't said it once or twice for coming to the shelter with me this morning.  Oh, like I would ever pass up a reason to hand out Christmas gifts?  Our black leather Santa Claus. Yeah, wasn't that more the reindeers? T Hello?  Hey tom. Merry Christmas T Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas, sweetie.  Merry Christmas. T Thanks, you, too. You, too. Oh, hey. I have Dino's presents right here.  Oh, thank you. He's upstairs napping, but I'll give it to him. T Is Dante up there? I have something else for him, too.  No, he should be here soon. Unless his plane from Rome is delayed. T Okay. Oh, it'll be on time. T Oh, hey, little reindeers? Anybody want some presents? We do We do T I know, it was a rhetorical question. Hey, R.J ., here you go. Hope, there's a new hoof, right, for you. I told him that you wanted it. Open it T Open it, go ahead Contest who can open it the fastest. Come, Alexandria. You know, I think I might need some more eggnog, honey.  Oh, I don't want you to crawl all the way over there. I'll get it for you.  Well, thank you, sis. What did you get, sweetie? (All-gasp) Yay, art stuff  Dad, listen to me. About your plan to bring to grandma and Aunt Pam in for Christmas scrap it.  Felicia, this is Christmas. It's a time of opening hearts and forgiving. If your mother can't forgive her now, when will she?  It was so kind of Eric to invite us for Christmas.  If Stephanie had wanted us there, she would have invited us herself.  Mom, it's been 30 years since we've spent the holidays with family. I think that we should just focus on having a wonderful time.  That's up to your sister.  No, it's up to She refused. I apologized. I told her I should have been a better mother, I should have protected her from john. But Stephanie made it clear she has no interest in any kind of relationship with me. Oh, I want her back in my life, Pamela. You know how much. But I'm afraid, when she sees us arrive I know what Eric said, but that's hoping for too much. Your sister hates me. And I don't blame her. Here you are. Thank you so much. Merry Christmas. Sorry you had to work today. It's amazing.  Thank you, by the way. Yeah.  Actually, I got a little something for you, too. I don't want you to spend your money on me.  I made it. Wow.  Go ahead, open her up. It's a jewelry box. Yeah, I know, it's 'm gon na fill that thing up with diamonds for you. I promise you that. Yeah you don't have to fill it up with anything Shane.  No, no, no, really, phoebe. I love it how it is.  I want to be somebody that you can be proud of. I got a bunch of job interviews, too, lined up, just so you know. Yeah?  Yeah. I am determined to be something to you, make something out of myself. I want to be somebody that can be worthy of you. (Cell-phone-rings) Dad, hi.  Phoebe, where are you? At Bridget's house.  Good. I'll be at grandma's house soon. I love you, too. Okay, bye. I have to go.  I know. You know, maybe next year you can come with me. We can spend Christmas together.  Okay. I Yeah, Merry Christmas.  Oh, Merry Christmas, Mom. Honey, I'm so glad you could make it.  Oh, me, too. Good to see you.  Well, I wasn't sure I was going to see that, after everything that's happened all these years these two reconciling. Oh, honey, somehow they always do.  Very strong bond, you know? Between mother and daughter? Mm-hmm. Well, that's how this family operates, isn't it? We always come together in a crisis, all of us. Look at our children. They've had a tough year, and they're stronger than ever.  So are you. You know, you handled the situation with your mother extraordinarily well. That's why I'm giving you a very special Christmas present this year. I hope you like it. How could I not? You have exquisite taste.  I do, . Come on. (Brooke-humming) Quick, get in here (Brooke-screams) Whoa, what is this?  Come on. Come on in here. What?  Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas to you, too. My turn, my turn Oh, do you want a kiss, too?  Here you go, here you go. And here you go. (Lauge-r) Ht okay, I was trying to explain to them, come here. I was trying to explain about mistletoe. And I thought, well, I'll just show them. What's mistletoe about? Okay? Okay. Well, it's a good thing I was walking by at that moment.  Well, I happened to be waiting for you. For a very long time.  Yes. And you're very, very worth it. And I'm very, very grateful that you never gave up on us.  And when we get to this moment right take but I knew somehow, some day, we'd have our family back. Right? Right? That's right. That's so right.  Right. What is that song again? Jingle bells, jingle bells Come on T Hey, dad, Steffy called Phoebe from London. Yeah, she called my cell phone, so I had to pull over to talk to her.  That's why you were late? Uh-huh, I told her I'd call her back here so she could talk to everyone.  Well, we'll call your sister in a minute. I would like a word with you. So, have you seen Shane? I told you I was at Bridget's house.  Phoebe, I love you. You and your sister, and your brothers are very precious to me. And the thought of anything ever happening to you, really destroys me. So, if you think I'm just being, care about me. I know.  That's right. So, go enjoy the party. What? No lecture?  Merry Christmas, kiddo. Merry Christmas, Dad. Hey, mom? Hi, I'm sorry I'm Merry Christmas  Can we use these right now? Oh, honey, I don't want you to get paint all over your beautiful dress and get it all messy. We can do it later, okay? Go show this to Thomas. I want you to show him that. We'll paint when we get home, okay?  Until we get home. I don't know if I could wait a long. Co- There's a car waiting on the tarmac to get you to the Forrester house. Is there anything else I can do for you?  No, thank you.  Yes, you can wait here to take us back to Chicago. We probably won't be in the Forrester Mom, I wish you won't be so negative.  I'm being realistic, Pamela. You should be too.  Look, if Stephanie asks us to leave, we'll leave. But Eric believes that there's a chance for you and Stephanie to reconcile. There's a reason to hope.  You okay? Oh, I'm fine. I was just, you know, thinking family.  Your mother, your sister? No, my mother is the last person I would think of on a day like today. I was thinking of Kristin. I'm sad that she wasn't here, you know, with her family. I get to thinking about Sal  Yeah, but she's with C.J. this year. Yeah, I'm happy for her. I'll just miss her and miss laughing. I got thinking about Darla. Hard not having Darla here. It'll be hard on the baby and Thorne.  But I have very special gift that I hope you'll like.  Did you get a present, grandma? Well, actually this is a present for you, my little angel. Come sit right here.  From you? Well, a little bit from me. But mostly, from your mommy. I helped her to finish it. So, you can open it, if you'd like. That's good. Plunk, plunk. Open it up. It's that pretty. Now, take this, open and look in here.  Me and mommy. Mm-hmm. Aren't those pretty pictures? And I have some other pictures and things over here for you, too. I have some pages here for you for you to fill in, okay? That you can put in the back pictures of Daddy, and Taylor. Those are for you to fill in, they're blank. You can make new memories with those pages, pretty. She is.  I miss her, Grandma. I know you do, sweetheart. I miss her, too. Your mommy loved Christmas. The reason she loves Christmas because she knew what it was all about. Love. Spending time with the people that you love and remembering the people that you love, that are gone.  Mommy. Mommy. But she's still here. In a very special way with you.  The Christmas spirit. Yes, for Christmas. She's the spirit of Christmas. Isn't she? (Darla-in-a-voice-over)  My dear little girl, my sweet Ally. It's true, honey, I'm here. Watching you open your presents in front of the tree. You're so happy. That's what kind of Christmas you're celebrating today. And that's the best Christmas present anybody can ever give your mommy. I'm celebrating with you ally. In each time you smile or laugh today, each in heaven, sweetie. Tied up with a big, red Christmas bow. Merry Christmas, Alexandria. I love you, my baby girl. Mommy loves you. Mommy loves you, forever.  It's a beautiful gift, Grandma. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you, everybody. I have to say thank you for being here today, Christmas. It's made it a really special day today. I know we've had a lot of wonderful Christmases together. But this one somehow is really special. Your father and I are just really happy that you are all here with us. And that you're together with your families. Not every family can do that. Mine certainly didn't. Well, that can change in time. No, I don't think so. The Douglas family, my family, never bonded the way we have as Forresters. I think as family, we've proven over and over again, with enough healed. And any mistake can be forgiven and any wrong can be right. You all have certainly forgiven me for all messing into your lives and trying to control you. And I appreciate that. Believe me, so much. Thanks for the support these past couple of weeks. They've got me through some difficult times. You, and you, and you, and you, all of you. You're my family. The only family I ever wanted. I'm so proud and I'm really grateful to you. And I'm so happy we have each other and a nice day today, Christmas day. Enough of that, Christmas dinner will be ready in a freckle and a half.  Freckle and a half. Grandma, that was so sweet. Oh.  Do you hear that, Dad? She doesn't want or need them here.  They're going to be here any second.  Please, daddy? She's so happy lot happier when she's able to make amends with her mother.  Listen to me, it's not going to happen. (Knock-on-the-door) Oh, my God  That's them.  I'm sending them away  No, no, no  Oh, Dino, I think your daddy might finally be here. I'll get it  Yea Mother?  Merry Christmas, Stephanie. What are you doing here?  It's Christmas, Steph. A time for family. Yes, it is. And I'm spending it with mine. You're not welcome here. You weren't invited. Pam, take her and leave right now. 
Well, I sent them over this morning by courier. Have they been executed? Oh, thank you. That's a relief. Thank you. Thank you very much.  I don't know what you're so relieved about. If Nick can convince Taylor I murdered Shane, he's gon na have no problem at all convincing the police. The police are not going to listen to him. He's their prime suspect.  But he didn't do it. I did it and he knows that. Forrester did this. I got ta prove it. Shouldn't you just leave that up to the police? I'm not gon na wait for this Baker to reopen the investigation. I love you. We're having a child. I would like to be around for that and clear my name. It's nine months till the baby comes. Well, I'd like to spend that nine months with you, not in a courtroom with 12 people trying to decide . Maybe she'll remember something from that night. But they still don't know if Shane actually was killed the night that he was in Forrester Originals It's the last time anybody had contact with the man. It was late at night. There could have been some clean-up crews around. Maybe they heard something. Maybe they saw something, and if they did, I'm gon na find out. You've got to get away from here as quickly as possible. Please. The plane's at the airport. It's fueled up. It's ready, waiting for you to go to Paris.  Oh, that is not a good idea, mother. I told I told Taylor you've left.  Why? Because if I hadn't, she'd still be looking for you.  So, you tell another lie? How many is that now? How long before you can't keep any of them straight anymore? make a liar of me. Listen, if she finds out you're still here, it'll only make her more suspicious than she already is. She can't do it. Stephanie can not cover for the dressmaker forever. She's doing a pretty good job right now. Somewhere along the line he made a mistake. Someone saw him that night. One witness, that's what I need. Just one, and he'll be the one sitting in front of that judge.  You have one unheard message. Hello, Ashley. It's Nick Marone calling. I realize you don't want to get dragged into all of this but I did tell the cops about Ridge missing his date with you. Can't really be sure that they're gon na follow up on it, but if you can remember anything else, anything strange about Ridge's behavior last week, even if you don't think it's important, please give me a call actually. It's just been a stressful evening. Yeah, I bet. You look a little worried. Lt. Baker Yes, I'm Lieutenant Baker. Hi, Ashley Abbott. Lt. Baker I assume you know why I'm here. I want to talk to you about Shane McGrath. Hi, it's me. I need to see you right away. Right away.  Look, even if I do leave town, Nick's gon na just keep looking for evidence against me, anyway. Let him look. He's not going to find anything that ties you to this. Let's just let the police handle this for now. Ashley said she needed to see me about something. Well, let's go. She's not here, and Constantine's waiting for us. You're really excited about this, aren't you? You think it's immature? No, I think it's something. (Door-closing) Excuse me. Hey. Hi, glad you're here. Hi. You sounded pretty serious on the phone. I know you don't have much time I should call Constantine. Let him know we're on our way. Okay, that's a good idea. What did you want to talk to me about? Shane McGrath. I think I might know who killed him. (Door-closing) I didn't know who else to talk to because I don't know who I can trust. You know something about Shane's death? Yeah, I might. Hey, I talked to someone at the studio who said they'd give him the message. Okay, hang on. Phoebe, I'm so sorry. I can't I can't go with you. Why? Ashley, she really needs my help with something. But I'll catch up with you as soon as be long? No. Not long at all, I promise. I love you. I love you, too. See ya. You might know who killed Shane McGrath? Not Nick? Ridge.  If I leave town now, it's just gon na look like I'm running. Not to the police. They have no reason to be suspicious of you.  But Nick is. Now Ashley, Taylor. That's why I want you to go, because of Taylor. If she sees you and talks to you, she knows you so well, she'll know that you're hiding something.  How long do you expect me to stay away, though? I can't keep running forever. I don't expect you to do that. Please, just trust me. I'll handle Nick. He doesn't know it yet, but he's about to be stopped dead in his tracks. I just Ridge dumping Shane's dead body over your boat. I just can't. It doesn't even seem possible. I was married to him, Nick. It just doesn't seem like him. (Cell-phone-ringing) Excuse me. Marone. Nick, would you be kind enough to come to the house? I'd like to talk to you for a moment. We're talking now. Face to face. I'm on my way. That was Stephanie. She wants to talk. (Constantine-singing) Well, I don't believe we can't fight the remedy and I don't know why everybody says good-bye it don't matter who you are you can't come very far it's written in the stars singing everybody loves everybody cries everybody dreams of a perfect life and that's all right so let's get busy give it a try everybody loves somebody tonight it'll be all right' cause everybody loves everybody cries  It's good there, man. Hey, Phoebe. .  Really? Yeah.  Thank you. Just working on a few new tracks. So, you liked it? It's amazing. Why are you looking for new talent when you have so much of your own?  Thank you. Well, when you're starting a new label, you kind of need more than one artist, so that's exactly what I'm doing. Where's Rick? He had something come up at work, but he's gon na try to make it back later.  Oh, that's cool. Are you sure it's not a problem?  Yeah, it's fine. Do you mind watching while we finish up? No. I mean, I can watch?  Yeah, of course. Make yourself right at home, little lady. Let's go again. You think Ridge killed Shane McGrath? I don't know. I don't know. Have you been been saying, Ashley. He's not putting any ideas in my head. If anything, it's the other way around. What do you mean by that? Look, I don't want to say something that's gon na hurt Ridge. I care about him. Ashley, look. You know that you can talk to me about anything. Anything that we say in here, it's not gon na leave this room, I promise. Okay, a couple of nights before Shane's body washed up on the beach, I was here in the lab working late. Mm-hmm. Ridge and I were supposed to have a date. Now, according to Nick, Shane was here in the building that same night. And you saw Shane here? No, I didn't. But the point is, I never saw Ridge, either, because he stood me up. Stephanie said that it was a business emergency, but Ridge know this doesn't sound very suspicious, but I'm getting a vibe. Something's wrong. Okay, did you ask Ridge if he saw Shane here at the office? No. No, and now I'm afraid of what his answer might be. (Constantine-singing) there's something in the air President of Spain be a poor man walking in the pouring rain wherever you go whatever you find there's really just one kind it don't matter if you are drifting in the stars singing everybody loves everybody dies everybody dreams of a perfect life and that's all right.  Nice vocal. Best yet.  Thanks. Felt pretty good. So, this is Phoebe Forrester. Phoebe, this is Todd. Todd is the sound mixer to the stars. (Todd-laughs)  Hi. Hi.  So, you're a friend of Constantine's? Well, we just met.  I saw a video of her, and her friend, on the Internet. .  Don't let her modesty fool you. I saw some real talent on that video. And, I was so impressed I had to track her down and get her in the studio.  You couldn't be in better hands, Phoebe. Constantine will take good care of you. I keep telling myself over and over again that it was nothing that I was right, Ridge just got cold feet about our date. But you can't be sure. There's something else something that happened that night. I was here in the lab waiting on Ridge, and Stephanie was with me. And we heard something. (Ashley-remembering) (Gunshot) It was a really a loud noise. It was like a bang. Like a like a gunshot? Yeah, and yeah. But Stephanie said it was the freight elevator. Well, I've used the freight elevator. It's not some clunky old thing. No. No, be sure what I heard that night. I don't know for sure, but I do know that ever since then, Ridge and Stephanie have been acting really strangely. Okay, hang on. So, so, what you're saying is, you think that Ridge shot Shane McGrath, right here in this office building? (Doorbell-rings) Yes?  Hi. I'm looking for Dominick Marone. Um, he's not here.  This is where he lives? Yes. I'm his wife.  Can you sign for the receipt of this document? Please give this to your husband as soon as he returns. Okay. I don't imagine it would feel so lonely to you in here if you hadn't sent sonny-boy off to Paris. I didn't realize I was lonely. Well, I figured you had to be, if you wanted to talk to me. Oh. Oh, I would think if anyone You invited me to stop by here. So that you could say to me, to my face, the things that you've been saying behind my back. Is it getting a little hot in that kitchen for you, Stephanie? The way I look at it, this case is going to go to trial fairly soon, so I can understand why you'd be planting seeds of reasonable doubt. It's better than planting evidence, which is what you and sonny-boy did on my boat. Is that what you have been saying to Taylor? That Ridge and I set you up, and have framed you? Taylor that's why I was summoned. How dare you do that tell her, accuse her ex-husband of murder, the father of her children? Well, the first three, anyway. That's right, Stephanie. I'm going to be a dad, and I do plan on seeing my children grow up. bars, forget it ,' cause it ain't gon na happen. It might sooner than you think.  All right. Good work, men.  Thank you. I'll see you next time.  All right, I'll see later. Bye. So, you live and work here?  Uh, yeah. Music is my life. (Phoebe-laughs) I hope you know, your label is gon na take off.  Well, I'm off to a good start. But if I want to succeed, I have to keep trying new things finding new talent. Well, it must be hard competing with all the big record companies.  Well, it's not easy, but you know, the recording industry is changing. You don't' really need a big distribution deal or marketing machines behind you. All you really kind of need is the buzz you generated. It's got to take more than that. stars, right?  Not everybody has what you have, Phoebe. I mean, all I saw was that one song, on the Internet, and I knew it. What I saw inspired me. I don't know what to think. My head is just spinning. When you say that Ridge and Stephanie have been acting strange Yeah, jumpy and anxious. You haven't noticed that? I try not to spend a lot of time around those people. Well, I haven't been able to spend any time with either one of them at all. Every time Ridge makes plans with me, he cancels. I go into his office, and Stephanie runs out. Okay, well Stephanie, with you, when you heard the noise Yeah, I told you that, yes And Nick said that Shane was here at the office did you tell Nick about this noise? No. No. Just you Shane was here. Phoebe told me. And she said that he was very unhinged. If he and Ridge came together, it would end very badly, especially if one of them had a gun. Okay, but the thing is, okay, the thing is if it did happen in this building, it doesn't explain the evidence on Nick's boat, does it? What if Nick was telling the truth? No. Yes. Ridge hates Nick, Ashley. Enough to frame him for murder? Yeah In Ridge's eyes, Nick took his family's company, and Nick came in between him and my mom I can understand Ridge being overprotective of Phoebe, and maybe going too far, but what you're suggesting is What I'm suggesting, is that Ridge dumped Shane's body off of nick's boat. It make sense. It's just it's just so gruesome. It's so again. Shane Shane is here, in the office. Ridge stands you up, he's nowhere to be found. You and Stephanie hear a noise. Sounds like a gunshot. Ever since Ridge and Stephanie are acting strange. I don't think Nick is guilty. But Ridge Ridge could be. When the truth comes out, it's going to be you and your golden boy who'll be gettin' fitted for jumpsuits, not me. Oh, have the police reopened the investigation? I didn't know that. Have you told them your deep, dark, mysterious truth? Did they listen? No. And they're not going to. But Taylor has, and that is unacceptable to me. I thought you were in Paris?  Nick, it's none of your damn business where and what I do. Well, I'm on to you, Forrester. And it won't be long before the cops are, too. There he is. Officer 1 Nick Marone? Yeah. What about it? Officer 1 Are you concealing any weapons? What? Officer 1 Weapons No. Officer 2 Nick Marone, you are under arrest. What are you doing? Under under arrest? For what? Officer 2 For violating the restraining order Mrs. Forrester took out against you. She invited me here Thank you, officers. I don't know what we would've done if you hadn't got here in time. You called them while I was on my way, didn't you? I'm so relieved. I don't know what he might've done. I know what you did. I'm going to prove what you did, and you will go down for it You'll go down  A restraining order? 
I didn't shoot Shane McGrath Lt. Baker Yeah, so you're innocent just like everybody else in this place. And all you're doing is taking Stephanie Forrester's word for this. Lt. Baker The restraining order was filed. She invited me to the house, because she's panicking. She's knows I'm on to her, and that dressmaker son of hers. Lt. Baker Complaints against the Forresters will not help your case. You're just her little Gestapo, aren't you? Lt. Baker You're charged with murder You keep mouthin' off, and it's back to lock up, nobody to talk to but your cellmates. And those guys would love to hear your little stories.  Storm why are you holding my client? Lt. Baker Nicky-boy here violated the restraining order filed against him. Signed for by his wife. Nick had already left the house. I didn't even know what I was signing. Lt. Baker Stephanie called him. She invited him to her house. She lured him there Lt. Baker Ten minutes. It's okay. How can you say that? Forrester killed McGrath, and Stephanie's covering it up. They're guilty, and this restraining order proves it. My dad did not murder Shane And whoever says he did is a liar. Ridge would never kill anybody. I know that. I know, but Nick keeps saying that he did. I mean, it's terrible that he's going to jail, especially since he and my mom are having look, whoever killed Shane should be punished. I mean, send them away for good for what they did, but it's wrong for Nick to blame my dad. Of course it's wrong. He's just scared. So he points the finger at my father? The police are going to have to figure out what happened. God Maybe he owed people money. And if they followed him to the Marlin You mean, when I was there? Look, I don't mean to scare you, but it is possible that that's when Shane got killed. And maybe, that's when the blood ended up on Nick's shirt. But Nick's blaming my dad. I mean, can you talk to him, and ask him to stop spreading lies? Maybe there is something I could do. (Dialing-phone) (Cell-phone-rings)  Excuse me. Hello? Hi. It's me. Could you come over as soon as possible?  Hey, sis I don't think so. Now's not a good time. Please? It's about Nick. I wouldn't ask you if it weren't important.  All right. I'll see what I can do. Bye. Well, that was Brooke. She said she had something important to talk to me about regarding  I don't think so. Well she will soon enough. Check it out. Maybe she knows something.  See you in a bit. Thanks. We've got to get Stephanie to tip her hand, somehow. When she does, I'm going to make sure she hangs. (Stephanie-remembering) You called them while I was on my way, didn't you? I'm so relieved. I don't know what he might've done. I know what you did. I'm going to prove what you did, and you will go down for it You'll go down (Knock-on-the-door) Ms. Tartaro. How nice to see you. Please come in.  Thank you. I appreciate you coming over. I mean, I can't even begin to imagine how busy it must be down at the district attorney's office, but there's something that really well, it's very urgent. I need to to see you at that luncheon last week.  I'm so busy at the D.A .' s office. I don't often have the opportunity to go to lunch. It was very nice. It was. Such a good cause. It was great to raise so much money.  Yes, it was. Now, do you want to tell me what this visit is really about, Mrs. Forrester? I like a direct woman. Justice is a funny thing.  Should I be taking notes? Oh, I don't know. Maybe you should. I mean, I hope I'm not treading on improper grounds, here.  Is this a legal matter? Well, it has to do with Dominick Marone. You know, he's a violent man. He broke into my home, and I had to have a restraining order taken on him. This man has to be dealt with. Why else file a restraining order desperate. Because she's knows I'm on to her and that dressmaker, and you know I'm right. Yeah, I know. I do. It's just that I can't believe Ridge would actually kill somebody. You know, Nick, I I've known him a long time. I have to wonder if there wasn't some kind of struggle, some kind of confrontation? And, I don't know, I just don't want to believe that Stephanie and Ridge could even do something like this. We're having a child together, and they want to see me rot here. Now, maybe it was an accident, and if that's the case, they have got to confess. Oh, with Stephanie, that isn't going to happen. Well, then what? Then, I go to jail? You have the kid with someone else? Rick Forrester. What about him? Shane was killed at Forrester him over here. I need him to do some snooping around that building. Mmm. I mean, Nick just won't leave anyone alone. I'm sure he didn't kill Shane, but he needs to stop saying my father did. What? Um, Phoebe What? Do you think he's right? Nick did not kill Shane But you think my father did? Based on what? Phoebe, I don't want to fight about this. Please You can't accuse my father of murder, and say you don't want to fight about it, Rick. Why are you saying this? Okay. Ashley was here the night that Shane tracked you down. She was supposed to have a date with your date, and he stood her up. He never showed. So? And, she heard a noise that sounded like a gunshot. Phoebe No. No, Phoebe, youn't come to the studio with me to listen to Ashley's theories about a noise she heard? She was just trying to help Stop. Stop. Oh, hey.  Hey. Thanks for getting here so quickly.  Well, of course. You said was important. Something about Nick. It's Phoebe. Nick has her really upset.  Well, the guy has been charged with murder. You can't expect him to just sit back and take the fall. I don't think he killed Shane McGrath, but he shouldn't go around saying that Ridge did it.  Brooke, I was with Nick when he called. He's been arrested again. What?  Stephanie filed a restraining order against him, and then invited him over to the house. Why?  You know what, I've been in this legal profession a long time. I've seen what can happen people get defensive, who never had it in them, someone good, commits a terrible crime. Ridge has had a tough couple of months, and now he's got this guy, Shane, a low- life, who's hassling his daughter But to commit murder?  Brooke, Nick is behind bars as we speak. Why would Stephanie file a restraining against Nick, without him knowing about it, and then invite him over to the house? Now, Nick's bail has been revoked, and Ridge is conveniently in Paris. Look, I know it's hard for you to hear the fact that you and Ridge have a son together but there's no doubt in my mind Brooke. Ridge killed Shane McGrath. How can you blame my father? Nick didn't do it, fine, but that does not mean that my father did. Phoebe, Ashley heard this noise Rick My dad stood her up on a date, so what? She, and I don't ever want to hear you say he did again. (Cell-phone-rings) Rick Forrester. Rick, it's Taylor. Hi. Listen, can you come up to the police station as soon as possible? Yeah, okay, but what's up? It's Nick. He really needs your help. Ridge killed Shane?  McGrath showed up at Forrester Originals a couple of nights before he washed up dead on the beach. He was there seeing Phoebe.  Actually, he was there bothering Phoebe. She asked him to leave, but no one knows for certain that he did. What do you think happened?  I think that Ridge and Shane got into a confrontation. Shane was shot, exactly how, nobody knows. Ridge had to cover it up, and he and Stephanie saw an opportunity to frame Nick. By dumping Shane's body over Nick's boat? C'm on, you don't believe does Taylor. Taylor?  She went to confront Stephanie. And I really believe that Taylor knows how to read Stephanie. They've known each other for so long. I've known Stephanie for a long time, too, and Ridge.  I know, but you can't even get a hold of Ridge, because he's somewhere in Paris. On business.  C'm on Brooke, do you really think that Ridge would suddenly jet off to Paris out of the blue? Nick is behind bars for killing the man who was harassing his daughter. Shane was homeless. There's no telling who he might have been in trouble with.  I know this is hard for you to believe, and you know what, maybe you don't want to believe it. Okay, you know what, why don't you go see Stephanie. If there's anyone that can see through that woman, it's you. Nick's in real trouble, Brooke but it's shallow. Now, if you can get a confession from Stephanie, you might be able to help nick. That could be his only chance. You have to get a confession from Stephanie.  I can't discuss this with you. Oh but you've been assigned to the case, haven't you?  Yes, but that's a matter of public record. Well, are you aware that Storm Logan is going to represent Mr. Marone? You know, he's an excellent attorney.  I know only too well. My point exactly. I don't want storm getting him off on some technicalities, and released on bail, I mean, when I could be his next victim. He should come to trial as quickly as possible, for everyone's benefit. I'd like it if he could come to trial immediately.  That all depends on the judge's calendar, Mrs. Forrester. I don't make those available date, couldn't you?  It's really up to the judge, Mrs. Forrester. And, I do have to get back to the office. Of course. Thank you. Thank you for listening to a frightened citizen.  I was quite happy to. What happened? I thought Nick was out on bail. No, no, no. C'm on, he's inside. He'll explain everything to you. Hold on. Only one visitor at a time unless he's an attorney. Go on in. Okay. Keep it brief. All right, I'm here. Thanks. Sit down. Look, I'm going to put you in a tough spot, but I'm a little helpless stuck in here. Like I said, I'm here. I think Ridge shot McGrath at Forrester Originals, then carried the body to my boat. Him and his old lady are setting witnesses down at the marina, but I can't guarantee that's going to pan out. You work at Forrester Originals. You have access. I need your help. Well, obviously, you're still on your way over there. As soon as you get to the hotel, call me. I want to talk to you. I want to make sure that we're on the same page, okay? Uh, I'll call back. Then it's true? Ridge really has gone to Paris? Well, we have a business to run. I'm just surprised he left without saying good-bye to his son. I wouldn't be asking you to get involved in this if first off, I didn't trust you. And secondly, I really need your help. You really believe that Ridge killed McGrath? He did it. Wow there's something you should know, nick. Ashley confided something to me. a long way. Go on. The night that Shane went to Forrester Originals to see Phoebe, Ridge and Ashley were supposed to have a date, but he stood her up. He never showed. He didn't even call to cancel. No, I know all of this. No, listen there's more. Ashley was in the lab, she was getting ready for the date, and Stephanie showed up. They started talking, and they heard a noise. What kind of noise? Neither of them knew. Stephanie thought it was the freight elevator. Ashley thought it sounded more like a like a gunshot. Gunshot son of a bitch shot him. (Nick-pounds-desk) He shot him. He shot him, in the office, and his old lady's framing me for it Look, I know this puts you in a tough spot. Forrester is Phoebe's old man, but that evidence is there. It's there, help me? Well, I'm sure Ridge would've gone over to the house to say good- bye to R.J. maybe he wasn't home? Did he have a play day? Why are you looking at me like that? Wait a minute. Who are you more worried about your son, or Nick? I'm worried about a lot of people. Why did you have Nick arrested? He violated the restraining order. You invited him over to your house. You set him up. You What is going on? You know, I look, I spoke to the district attorney. They know he's a dangerous man. And you know, he shouldn't be casting suspicion on innocent people. He should just be taking care of his own his own defense. Oh, you don't think nick is a man that's capable of committing murder? No, he isn't. And Ridge is Nick believes that Ridge did it. And Storm thinks he's right. Well, that's ridiculous. Look, if there was some kind of accident I'd like to help. You know Ridge. He's not capable of killing somebody in cold blood. I'm not accusing Ridge. I know he wouldn't kill Shane. But what about you? Me? Did you kill Shane? No Okay. Why would you file a restraining order on Nick, and then invite him over? I'm concerned about my safety. So, Nick and Storm are lying? Yes. Yes. So, if you'll excuse me, you know your way out. (Dialing-phone) It's always your voicemail, Ridge. Listen, stay where you are. Do you understand? Just stay where you are, and trust me as a matter of fact, I don't think you should even call me Did he 
New procedure? Bridget, I have settled this in my mind. It doesn't matter who the donor is. Taylor and I are the parents. It's our baby no one else's.  Good. It's just Nick? Nick, look, all I am saying is that there is a new procedure out there to determine who the baby's mother is right now. I thought you deserved to know that. Now what you would do with that information would be up to you According to you, the chances of the mother being. someone other than the donor about zero, correct?  I'm not advocating that you do this, Nick. We would have to tell Taylor what test we were running and why. Right the why. And the why being, " By the way, honey, you're carrying Brooke's baby. " You want to tell her that ?' Cause I don't.  Nick. No. No, no " Nick. " Because cause I don't want to jeopardize this pregnancy. Is there something wrong with Taylor?  I still can't believe Nick agreed to sell back the company.  He drove a hard bargain.  Oh, that was an absurd stipulation divorce your wife, or no deal. Please.  I'd like to just keep that between us for now.  Okay, understood. And if anybody asks?  Stephanie's away end of story. ( Elevator dings ) Something must be going on. You're Taylor's doctor. Why else would you be here?  Um, the well, the the dress in the window the green what net one or something? I'll send it over to you today, okay? The shoes, too size 7 and the mannequin.  Great. Well, someone's feeling really generous. Well, I just put a big check in the bank now a man of leisure. Well, I guess the jack of all trades is temporarily retired.  Well, something tells me the business world hasn't seen the last of nick Marone. Um, I have there's someplace I've got ta be. But it was good to see you, Mom. Mwah. Bye, honey.  See you later, and you, too. Yeah, I'm sure I'll be talking to you soon.  Right. Course. Yeah. Bye. Bye. Thanks. I kind of thought you'd be stopping by. Nick, are you sure you want to do this sell the company to Eric and Stephanie?  Oh, for crying out loud. That's a good one.  You're gon na make your old man cry.  Oh, but happy tears are allowed.  Thank you for that. Did you are you in on this with this man.  I mean it.   This is my office my office  Notice anything different?  Uh, no. It's exactly the way it was when I left it.  Well, we took great pleasure in boxing up Marone's stuff and dropping it on his doorstep at 2:00 a.m.  Oh, thank you for that.  Well, you all did an amazing job putting things back the way they were for Eric.  I'm very touched that you would all go to so much trouble. Thank you. It's a labor of love, Dad. And we had a blast doing it. What a lovely welcome home gift.  Yes, it is. And the best thing about it is that you're all here. You're sharing this, uh, dream come true. We have Forrester Creations back.  Right on.  The way it should be.  Yeah . The deal is contingent on the fact that Stephanie will never have anything to do with Forrester Creations again. Wow. I won't even ask you how you pulled that one off, but you certainly did me an incredible favor. You're considering staying with them? well, even if the company is sold, in the contract it says that it's my option either way. It's the dressmaker, isn't it? You just have to be with the dressmaker. I do love him, and we share a child. We ought to be raising him together. You don't think his fiance will have a problem with that, huh? Ashley feels she has the right to be with him, and so do I. If you think I'm underestimating her, I'm not. She is the one wearing the ring. It is a bit symbolic. Yeah, that is symbolic. If you had given me another you were committed to Taylor, and now you both are having a child, and I know how much joy that's gon na bring you. So I am really happy for you. I appreciate that. I will always love you, Nick, but we have no more ties. And Ridge is my future. And now Stephanie won't be an obstacle anymore, so I'm certainly not gon na back off just because Ashley Abbott is in the picture.  Oh, congratulations, Dad. I'm so happy.  Thank you. Thank you. I love that you're here. Thanks for coming.  Oh, would I have missed this for the world? Does everybody have champagne? Bridget?  Oh, I'd O.J ., actually. I'm on call.  Here you go.  Thank you.  Yeah yo I'll have some of the real stuff. Thank you.  You're entitled Yeah.  Please. Let's hear some of that legendary Eric Forrester eloquence I've heard so much about.  All right, which one of you has been talking to her about me?  All right, all right, all right. I, um. I raise my glass to each and every one of you for standing by me when we started that little tiny company out there Forrester Originals from scratch, and we brought it up so that it can compete with this company the best in the world, Forrester Creations and win.  And now it's ours again, so here's to taking both labels straight to the top. Hear, hear.  Hear, hear.  Cheers.  Cheers.  Hear, hear.  You know, there's only one thing missing from this celebration Mother.  (Coughs)  Come on, we all know something's going on. You'll work a minute. Wait a minute. Back up. A bubble bath at Eric's?  I wanted to surprise him. I-I wanted to. help him celebrate his victory. Only it turns out he already had help. What do you mean " He had help "?  Well, instead of Eric walking in, a woman walked in wearing a towel, which she proceeded to drop right in front of me not actually a sight I cared to witness. Another woman?  You'll never guess. You're right, Mother. I'll never guess.  Donna. Well, what do you know?  So, Donna, you'll be staying on with us?  For the time being, anyway.  There's about 30 contracts that come along with this deal. I have six months to decide who stays and who goes. So we're saddled with garrison until the spring?  No, his is not thank God.  Whoo  I tried calling, but there was no reception. Yeah, I guess there's not many cell towers in the mountains, huh?  You know I was in Big Bear? Yeah, word travels quickly, even though there's not great reception.  Brooke.  Hey, hi. Hello. Congratulations, Eric. This is wonderful.  Well, thank you.  Look, before you get all, uh Thanks anyway.  Oh, I know. It's perfect. If anybody can turn this ship around, you can.  Yes. Om, the, um, the nautical metaphors you might want to just  Forgive me, son. I'm new here. Yes. That is if your father would like me to stay.  You're as much a part of this business as anybody else. Of course, I want you to stay second that.  Then motion carried.  Looks like you're in.  Well, congratulations, Mom. Thank you, sweetie. Well, it'll be fun working together again. Thank you, everybody. I can't wait to be a part of this family again.  Hear, hear.  You want something?  Champagne. .  All right, I think it's settled, though, now. Brooke is a member of the team. Unless someone has a problem with that. Oh, who could? It's obvious you're such an asset to the company. You'd have to be a fool not to see that.  So speaking of assets, I think it's important that we all get ours in gear.  Ooh, slave driver.  Yep, that's me.  Well, I have to get back to the hospital. But I'm so happy for you. Mwah.  Thanks, you were here.  Love you. Bye.  Bye. Bye, sweetie.  Felicia, Rick? Yes, yes, we know. Press releases.  Press releases.  You help them, all right? Thorne, call a general staff meeting for later this afternoon. We can get up to speed on what's in production. You know, Brooke and Donna can bring you up to speed on that.  Yeah, I'd I'll be happy to. Are you okay with that?  Yeah, we can do this.  Ashley, you'll go down in your lab, take a look at all your machinery, see what needs to be upgraded, all right? Okay. Thank you.  And Ridge, um  In a minute, Dad.  Okay, fine. We'll get together later. Okay, chop-chop, everybody. Let's go. Let's do it.  Wait, wait talk to you.  Can we finish our discussion? What's there to discuss?  Brooke thought she saw Andy. It scared the hell out of her. Okay, so I'm sorry about that, but it made more sense for her to call you and for you to drive all the way up there instead of her turning to one of the other adults that was maybe 10 feet away?  None of those people has a clue what she's been through. Her sisters know, and so does Bridget. But I guess only you would do, right? Only you. You know, I better get to the lab. I got ta go. Mother, I am sorry, but I told you  Stop Stop, okay? I know what you're going to say this isn't the first time that Eric has disappointed me. I shouldn't have got my hopes up. I know, I know, I Donna. I mean, she knows how I felt about Eric, how I feel, and yet off she goes and and I thought she was my friend. How stupid could I be?  Phoebe, I-I changed my mind. I want you to help Thorne the rest of the afternoon. Can you do that?  Come on, you guys.  I know, I know.  Right this way. After you.  Thank you. Ashley didn't seem very happy.  It's Dad's big day. Nothing's gon na interfere with that. Hmm. I guess I should feel lucky that she didn't blackball me.  Ashley just wants what's best for the company. You and I are gon na be working in very close proximity. You think she can handle that?  Ashley is a professional. There won't be a problem. We're all gon na accomplish great things here, right  Good. I have to go downstairs and get some samples. Oh, Ridge, before you go, I have another session tonight with Beth, you know, the woman from the rape crisis center?  Mm-hmm. And it's at my house, and I'd really like it if you could be there.  Oh, tonight I've got some plans tonight, Logan. With Ashley? Well, it doesn't hurt to ask, right? It's just last time it was such a Godsend having you there. It really helped. But if you're busy, you're busy.  Maybe I could, uh, move some things around and I could see Ashley afterwards. Oh, Ridge, really? You could do that?  I told you I'd see you through this, Logan. You can count on me. Thank you. It really helps. You just missed Ridge. Really? Thanks for issues with me working here again. My issues with you are much deeper than that.  Have a nice day. Let's hope somebody does. Mother?  Hmm? I'm sorry you got ta go through this, but I really doubt it's gon na be a secret much longer.  Well, let's just hope that Eric and Donna are not as reckless with other people's feelings. Oh, my God, can you imagine Thorne finding out that the woman that he almost married is carrying on with his father?  So are you basking?  I am. I'm basking, and it's because of you. It really is. If you hadn't made it clear to me that opportunity was there to buy that company back, I never would have done it.  No.  And you encouraged me.  No.  Thank you.  I can't take the credit.  I give you the accept it.   The credit's yours.  No, you are here again, because you're the best designer in the business. You buried Nick and Jackie. It was bankruptcy or selling. Those were the options.  Yeah.  It's your talents, Eric, and your your creative vision. Hey, what?  Nothing.  You were practically beaming a second ago, and.  Donna, look, it's it's I can't keep my mind off the one person you and I don't want to have to think about.  Look, before you get all maudlin, remember that this deal would not have gone through if Stephanie were part of it. And Nick was adamant, and so was Jackie. When your wife comes back, you'll divorce her, and and you'll move on. And the rest of your life is g is gon na be full of fun and and happiness and mention fun?  Fun no, you didn't. Tell me about the fun part again.   Come on.  Oh, Eric, it's gon na be wonderful, okay? You'll see.  Mmm. I don't doubt that your talent and experience would benefit the company, Brooke, but I do question your ability to stick to business. You see, you have this tendency to blur the lines. Whatever that means. Well, case in point your summoning Ridge up to Big Bear last night. didn't you ream me out enough for that already? You know, I've been watching you operate all day. And clearly, my phone call fell on deaf ears. Oh, God, I don't even know what you're talking about. Please. You felt that Ridge wasn't spending enough time with you, so you found a way to make it happen, and youn't like that. I thought I saw Andy. I heard about that, and I'm sure that was very disconcerting, but why did you have to call Ridge? Seriously. Why couldn't you call one of your sisters or maybe your grown daughter, who's also a doctor? Are you gon na tell me that they weren't available? Did you even try? Because you have a support system, Brooke. You have a lot of people that love you and would love to help you. Ridge is the only one who truly understands me. Oh, right. So that's your response? That's it? That's your response to my request? Your request? " Stay away from him, Brooke. You hear me? " I mean, those were your exact words. I-I don't think that's a request. The bottom line, Brooke I think that's a tantrum. The bottom line is it's It's ending right now. That's fine. Go ahead, talk to him. I mean, we have a connection. We have a history. Ohh That nobody else would understand. Are you gon na haul out that tired speech every time you feel threatened? By you? I had to sit at Thorne's wedding by myself, because ridge needed to assist you. I was trying so hard to understand. And you know what? I did understand after I was told what happened to you. But how you want him to go on supporting you, right, event if it means breaking plans with me. You want him to now attend your counseling sessions? I heard that, Brooke. I heard you make that pitch. And when Ridge said " No, " you made him feel guilty until he caved. I just want to know how low are you actually going to stoop? Excuse me? Well, you know 's fianc, but to use your rape as a way of manipulating him I can't believe ahh Use my rape? Don't you ever, ever say that to me again. 
No, Ashley, how dare you suggesting that I use my rape to get close to Ridge? You should be ashamed.  Mm. Mm. Thorne?  No. No, don't stop. Hell, it's just getting good. Maybe I'll pull up a chair and make some popcorn  Oh, my God.  Save it, Donna. At least I know why Mother took off now.  Your mother doesn't know about this.  You mean yet she doesn't know, and I wouldn't want to be you when she finds out. You know what this woman tried to do. Hell, you were my best man I just I-I-I can't fathom that you're gon na fall into this trap. Brooke, listen to me, please. What that man did to you was vile, and for that, you have my deepest sympathies, okay? Well, you sure have a lovely way of expressing it. I'm was trying to say is that Ridge let you lean on him when you were at your most vulnerable. Once I understood what had happened, I supported you. I did. I support your relationship as R.J .'s parents. I support you as colleagues in this company, but I do not support you taking advantage of the situation. Uh, you're crossing the line again, Ashley. No, you're crossing the line You are crossing the line when you ask him to sit in on your therapy sessions, when you ask him to drive up to Big Bear when you're frightened. If something like that happens in the future, I hope you have the good sense to call somebody else. If something like that happens? Are you questioning me? Will you please stop taking my words and twisting them around? Please, just listen to what I have to say. My fianc can not be the sole person that you turn ton't need him. You think you do, but you don't. Do you want me to give you a list of all the other people that know what happened to you? Why don't you call one of them? Unless, of course, you're trying to send me a message that every time you put out a distress call, Ridge will come running, which only proves my point. Yes, Ridge still cares about me. Because you're the mother of his son, Brooke, and he's a decent human being. But please, don't confuse that decency for you getting an invitation to help yourself. You are so naive about what's really between us. Oh, please, I've heard it. Believe me, I've heard it. Your love for Ridge is legendary. this week. What about next week, when perhaps you get a better offer? Oh, my God. If Ridge could hear you now. 'm smart enough to see through your blatant attempts to manipulate him. That's what he would think. Manipulate? Are you gon na talk to me about manipulation? That's Stephanie's game, not mine, and she put you right in the middle of it. You're her little pawn. What are you saying? Maybe because she prefers to have me as a daughter-in-law? I'm sorry, but I'm not gon na apologize for that, Brooke. Know what, Ashley, you have no idea what this woman is capable of, none She is using you in her plot. Plot? She has a plot now? She figured if I moved ahead with somebody else, then Ridge would be free to be with you. So she sent Andy, that animal, after me. That is how sick and twisted she really is. Because she knows the power that Ridge and I share, and I believe that you know it's there set you up to be raped? If you don't believe me, ask Ridge. She sought the man out, encouraged him to come to my house, told him that my kids had been taken from me, how vulnerable I was and even told him where the key was to my front door. Your best friend Stephanie Forrester is an accessory to what happened to me. And you actually think that she meant for you to be raped, Brooke? I mean, I'm sorry. I can't believe she would do something that horrible. Oh, I don't know. Maybe she didn't know it would go that far, but I was raped, and it was the worst hours of my life, just so Ridge could be with somebody sweet and safe like you. So that's why he's been spending so much time with you, because he feels guilty about his mother's involvement? No, Ashley, he's Why can't you get that through your I'm trying hard to I'm trying very hard to make sense of this, okay? It's pretty convoluted, don't you think? You know what? No, I think it's really simple. You would be an ideal wife for Ridge in Stephanie's mind, but you're not what he needs. You're not what he wants. What Ridge needs is somebody that can understand him, somebody that excites him. And Ridge and I we share a child together. Oh, come on, Brooke. Come on. And don't you dare say that I'm using my little boy, because I don't need to use anything, and Ridge doesn't need to reach out to me. He wants to. That's why he came up to big bear last night. My needs will always come before yours. Now is that the kind of marriage that you really want? You and I are a fact that you will have to deal with every single day. Is that the way you want to live your life? Ask yourself that.  Donna is not a trap, Thorne.  Oh, your your eyes are wide open, right? That's exactly what I told myself.  Look, I'm sorry. Thorne, I know this is upsetting for you I get that. But I'm not sorry about my relationship with Donna.  Relationship? Do you know how stupid you're married for God's sake, Dad You know that this woman is a fraud, and how could how in the hell could you do this to Mother? I expected more from you. (Door-opens)  There you are. I owe you an explanation on why I went to Brooke's last night. Because of your mother?  My mother? Yeah, Brooke and I had a talk. She told me encouraged him. Is that true?  Unfortunately, yes. Mother says she never intended for her Brooke to get hurt, but that's exactly what happened. She never even bothered to check out what kind of guy she was sending over to Brooke. No wonder you didn't want to open all this up with me.  I still can't believe that my mother actually did that. So this is why you've been so accommodating to Brooke, right? You feel so much guilt about her rape. But you're not responsible. You know that. You don't have to go on paying penance by being on call 24/7. You're such a compassionate man. That's one of the things I love most about you. But you know, all this time that you're spending with Brooke I'm not sure it's such a good thing.  you're right. I, uh, do feel guilty. And I know I think she's misreading your intent.  Misreading? Yeah, I think she's confusing your desire to help her with something deeper. You know, she pretty much put me on notice, Ridge. She said that what the two of you share is much more profound than what you and I will ever share and I should accept that.  Brooke said that, hmm? Okay, well, I'm paraphrasing, okay? I know, but yeah, she was pretty blunt.  Look, I know you want to help her, but we're getting married. Do you really want her clinging to the hope that the two of you are gon na get back together? Because every time you run to her rescue, I guarantee you that's what she's thinking.  A fraud?   How can you call me a fraud?  You will not talk about Donna that way.  Well, how else can you explain something to me completely unexpected. I had no idea of how many things in my life that I had that I had given up for lost until she came along.  I'm very aware of her healing powers, but the fact remains that you're a married man. Now you and Mom may be having troubles, but you will get through it, Dad, just like you always do.  Not this time. Not this time, son. Your mother has done something something very, very bad, and it can not be fixed.  Yes, it can, Dad. Whatever it is, it doesn't justify you throwing away a marriage for a predatory female.  I did not prey on your father  Donna  What we have is mutual.  You know what? Save it, okay? Just save it.  Do I despise your mother? Yes. But this relationship is not about revenge. I find Eric extremely attractive., because he's wealthy, and he happens to be married to your archenemy. That's a match made in heaven for you.  Well, maybe it is, Thorne, maybe it is.  You know what? You know what? This is absurd  You know, Eric you two talk. I'm going back to work.  what do I got ta do, huh? What do I have to do, shake you?  All right, that's enough, Thorne. That's enough.  You know what? I-I get it. The sex is great, Dad, okay? I give you that. But come on, man, you have to think. Think about what you're doing here. I just don't think that you're doing Brooke any favors by constantly saying yes to her. Honey, you're sending her mixed signals.  Brooke's having a real hard time with all this still., and that's huge. And now it's up to Brooke to follow through on her own, and if she has to have somebody sit in on the sessions, then what about one of her sisters or or Bridget? They're perfectly capable of stepping up as well as you can, and they should. I mean, they're her family.  This is really bothering you? Yes, it really is. I mean, I trust you. I'd better. You're going to be my husband. And I-I'm just thinking about Brooke. I want what's best for her. I know you do, too, right? So will you just consider a little bit what I'm saying?  Or else? I don't want to give you an ultimatum.  Good. You knew what you were getting into with Brooke and me. There's a lot of history there, but I know you didn't really expect it to be Yeah, well, it is extraordinary circumstances. And despite what Brooke thinks, I really I feel for her. My heart goes out to her, and I want her to be whole again.  I know you do. She'll get there. She's a survivor, Ridge.  Yes. She's a very strong person.  Yes, she is. Yes, she is. Okay, but she has to get there by herself. I mean, that kind of change comes from within Brooke. There's no easy way around it. And she can turn to you, or she can turn to her sisters or to whoever else, it doesn't matter. In the end, Brooke's gon na have to help herself.  Yeah, only Brooke can help herself. I agree. Okay. So will you think about what I said and talk to her about the counseling sessions? (Door-opens) We'd better get going. Beth don't want to keep her waiting. Is there a problem?  Logan, you know how much it means to me that you're getting the counseling and the help you need. I wouldn't even be doing this if it weren't for you. I wanted to keep my head buried in the sand and not deal with what happened to me, but you knew better.  I just feel like I can only help you so far. So what are you saying?  I think it would be better if you went and saw Beth today by yourself. Ridge, I explained to you why I wanted you there.  I know, and, uh, I just think it's best. It's just easier for me to talk about it when you're there. I feel safe. You agreed to come.  Yes, I did, but I can't be there every time you have a session. I'm sorry I led you think it's better if you do this one by yourself, and I know you're willing to do that and able to do that. Okay. I'll go alone. . As far as the rest of the equipment goes, I think I can make do with a rebuilt granulator, but the kind of centrifuge I hello? You haven't heard anything I've said, have you?  I'm sorry. I'm just having a hard time with all this. I don't like the way I left things with Brooke. Okay, so what could we do to put your mind at rest?  I need to talk with her. I feel like everybody's had a chance to put their cards on the table but me. Great. Then why don't you go do it? Why don't you tell her how it is? Tell her what your plans are for the rest of your life. She needs to hear that,  Ridge won't be joining us? No.  I can see that upsets you. But, Brooke, you should know some women who have been sexually assaulted can't handle being around any men. You and Ridge have a strong bond. I view that as a very positive sign. Ridge is the only man that I want to be with, the only man that can actually help me through this. You know, I don't want to get my hopes up, but I can't help believing that someday Ridge is gon na walk through that front door and be home to stay.  What the hell are you thinking getting sucked in by her? You're not a stupid man.  Thorne, I want you to listen to me. I want you to listen to me, and I want you to hear this. Being with Donna has forced me to take a look at myself, my own life, at the gifts I've been off from the rest of humanity. You point an accusing finger at me, all full of moral outrage, telling me about some kind of a sin I'm committing. Well, I'm telling you, there's all kinds of sins in this life, and my biggest sin has been not living up to my potential. I've withdrawn inside, son, and what I find there, everything is dead in here. It has died, and for what? To stay with your mother? To not rock the boat? To do that for you and your sisters and your brother? This is not a dress rehearsal here. This is all we get in life. This is it. you know from bitter experience, better than anybody, how quickly it can all be yanked right out from under your feet.  What about Mother, Dad? What about her life?  Her life is her business. I've been following her around and picking up the pieces for don't think I can do that again.  Listen, Mother gets me frustrated, too, okay? I mean, you you know that. But, Dad, to throw away a marriage, to throw away a lifetime of memories, of family because of Donna Logan?  Dad, please, please, don't let her destroy what you and Mother have built. It's not worth it. (doorbell-rings)  Hi. Hi.  You in the middle of something? I no, no. I was just come on in. Beth was here, but you know, we fini finished already.  How'd it go? Oh, we managed. Did you change your mind about coming to the session?  I just, um, felt a little strange about the way we left things. That's not the way I want things to be between us. But we do have some issues that we need to, issues we need to talk about? What do you mean? What do you want to tell me, Ridge? 
All right, let's try this again, shall we? And may I remind you, I expect order in my courtroom. We're here on the matter of an emergency petition regarding the custody of Jack Hamilton Marone. Are the parties ready to proceed? It's all right. we are, your honor.  Mr. Logan, it's your client's petition.  We're ready now, your honor.  Call your first witness.  We call Dr. James Warwick. Why are they calling James? (Indistinct) Try to stay calm.  Mr. Warwick, please, take the stand. ( Voices whispering indistinctly ) I'm sorry. I was subpoenaed. I-I didn't have a choice.  Mm, good. Hi.  Oh, Eric, I have missed you so much.  I've missed you, too.  God, I was so happy happy when you called.  Good.  You know,. after everything that happened, after Stephanie not incriminating Storm, Katie thought it was best if I gave you guys some space.  She did, huh?  Yeah.  Well, it wasn't necessary.  Yeah, well, believe me, it has been extremely difficult to keep my distance. But, my God, as hard as it's been on me, I mean, I'm sure it's been a thousand times worse for you. I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm incredibly grateful for what Stephanie did. I mean, she could have sent Storm to prison for years. But instead, she chose to forgive. And I'll always be grateful for that. But, honey bear, oh, my God, you've been stuck with her all this time.   But it's over now, right? I mean, that's why you wanted to meet here? You told her it was done?  gon na tell her that?  I'm not. I'm gon na stay with Stephanie.  I can't believe that Nick is doing that to Taylor. I know. I-I'm just I-I'm heartbroken for her.  However. However what?  Is she drinking again? I guess she fell off the wagon, yeah, but I don't think that's reason enough un-unto itself to take the child away.  Well, no. I don't know, mother. I guess I can understand what Nick must be feeling. I mean, I wouldn't want to leave my son alone with her. Well, okay. I-I can understand that concern, but I just think Brooke and he are going about this the whole wrong way. Taylor needs all the help and support that she can get at this time in her life, and taking a baby away isn't the right thing to do. oh, brother, I that.  Dr. Warwick, you have had a long-term association with Taylor Marone, is that correct? Yes.  Both personal and professional? Dr. Marone is a very good friend. She's also a highly respected psychiatric colleague.  Did, uh, Mr. Marone recently engage you to counsel his wife? Yes.  And why is that? Well, the reasons for psychiatric counseling are confidential.  Well, I understand that. However, Mr. Marone wasn't your patient at the time, so why did he want you to see his wife? Dr. Marone was going through a stressful period. He thought perhaps I could help her through that.  And what was Taylor Marone's reaction to her husband calling you? Well, she was grateful.  Because she knew she was in emotional trouble and needed help? Uh, your honor, I object. It's pejorative and calls for a conclusion. and I think the witness is qualified. I'll allow it. Dr. Marone was in an extremely stressful situation. She welcomed the help. She should be commended for that, not condemned.  Well, I assure you, nobody here wants to condemn Taylor Marone. Our only concern is what's best for the child. Dr. Warwick, you stated that Mr. Marone engaged you to help his wife sort out the emotional issues she was dealing with. That's correct. Do you feel you were able to do that? Yes. And do you feel now that Dr. Marone has been restored to a satisfactory emotional state.  Objection, your honor. That calls for a conclusion even this witness can't make.  No, Mr. Logan, I disagree. I'm interested in Dr. Warwick's evaluation. Dr. Marone is a fine, loving woman. She's already raised three wonderful children, one of whom excellent psychiatric professional. After the birth of this last child, she experienced issues which were due to circumstances way beyond her control. She is dealing with those issues now, and I believe she'll make as fine a mother to this baby as she has been to her other children. I have nothing further.  A few questions I want to redirect, your honor, if I might.  Very well.  Dr. Warwick, you are aware, aren't you, that Taylor Marone is an alcoholic?  So Daddy's still living here? Yes.  Even though we both know Donna's out there panting for him like a dog in heat? Well, he's here, isn't he? And I-I think he finally sees in me what he's always wanted to see, that certain quality.  Oh, which is. Compassion.  Okay. Whatever it is he's seeing in you is fine by me. I that hideous ho from becoming my stepmother. Oh, ppfff. well, then I guess I'm gon na have to be a true believer in miracles, especially if I want to keep your father and the family together.  What? Okay, now I'm worried. Did you suffer another stroke? No.  Miracles? Compassion? Who are you? I am the woman your father has always wanted me to be. I am. Come on. I I can not compete with Donna on a physical level, can I, just her youth alone? But I have so much more to offer your father style, class, substance, history, our family.  Okay, you've got something hidden up that sleeve, and I want you to tell me what is is right now.  There's something I need to tell you, and I'm hoping very much that you'll understand.  Understand? You're staying  I made her a promise, and it's a promise I intend to keep.  What kind of a promise?  I told her that if she showed some compassion to Storm, that a miracle could happen.  Miracles? Oh. Okay.  I agreed to stay with Stephanie until after our anniversary. It's a big one, a very big one, and, uh, Stephanie wants to have a big party and have the family together and everything. And I thought, well, it's it's the least I can do after what she did for your brother. And so, uh so I'm gon na be there for that big party, and we're gon na celebrate our family.  (Sobs)  I hope you understand. Dr. Marone is a recovering alcoholic.  Recovering? Meaning she's not drinking now? Yes.  Well, how long would you say it's been since she's had her . I mean, virtually all alcoholics backslide occasionally.  Mm-hmm. Well, didn't she admit to you in the presence of her husband that she recently had taken a drink? In fact, she'd had more than one drink. Dr. Warwick, please, answer the question. Yes.  And didn't she later admit, also in the presence of her husband, that she's been experiencing delusions and hallucinations and that she herself is worried about her condition? Isn't that true? Yes, but what you have to understand is that she  And this is the woman that you say is stable and prepared to be a wonderful mother? That is why she left the marriage. She was aware of those issues, and she recognized them. Dr. Marone is a psychiatric professional. She is doing the best that she can do to handle this situation.  Dr. Warwick, we're dealing with an alcoholic in a fragile emotional state who to backsliding. Now isn't there a great risk that any amount of drinking could increase her potential for dangerous or unstable behavior? She found herself in a situation that no one should have to endure. She's handling that situation. She's doing as much as she possibly can to remain in control.  But is she in control? I think not. That is not fair You can't analyze me.  Dr. Marone, I don't want to have to warn you again. Strike counsel's last remark.  Dr. Warwick, your respect for Taylor Marone is commendable, but what we're interested in here are the facts, as well as the welfare of a child. No further questions, your honor.  You may step down, Dr. Warwick.  Your honor, we call Brooke Logan. ( Upbeat song playing ) I'm not up to anything.  Fine, don't tell me. But you know I can't help you. No, honey, the only thing I'm sort of focused on right now is well, protecting your father from himself. You saw that photo. Who in the hell didn't see that photograph? Naked on a ledge. I just don't want him to have to deal with those kind of embarrassments again.  How are you gon na manage that? I don't know. I did talk to him about our anniversary, though.  Oh, no. I am way ahead of you. I've got the whole thing planned. The whole family's coming in. Well, that's fantastic Oh, my gosh. That's wonderful, honey. Thank you. Maybe if he's surrounded by the family and he can see what really is important in life, what matters to him the most. I don't know. Maybe he can walk away from this craziness with that girl.  and what?  And what? What are we gon na do at the party to convince Dad not to leave? Surely, you're gon na come up with some elaborate scheme or stunt for us to arrange. No, I-I no, no. I just don't no, no stunts, no schemes, nothing. I am gon na take a chance on a miracle. I think if he's with his family and seeing how much he's loved and how much he loves them, then maybe it'll be enough to keep the two of us together until death us do part.  Calling your attention to the evening of January 31st, did something unusual happen that night? well, um, Taylor invited my fianc and myself over to dinner with her and Nick.  And that was unusual because. Because Taylor and I are hardly friendly with each other. I mean, she would rather I stayed as far away from her as to the dinner? Yes.  And during the course of the evening, it had become apparent to you that Taylor Marone had some sort of ulterior motive or different objective? Yes. She invited a surprise guest, a minister. She admitted that she wanted the minister to marry Ridge and me right there on the spot.  Hmm. And you didn't go along with this? No. I have a different idea of how I want my wedding to go.  And how did Taylor Marone react when you didn't go along with this plan of hers? Not so well. I mean, she she said that it just proved that I was still in love with Nick and that I wanted to ruin her life and ruin her family. And she saw a glass of wine sitting there, so she, uh she threatened to drink it. But she didn't. She. she just smashed it against the wall.  Hmm, your honor. The fianc you mentioned Ridge Forrester, is that correct? Yes. Have you and Mr. Forrester been married before? Yes. And this current engagement, has it gone on for some time? s-several months, I think. Is there some reason for the delay? No, if you're suggesting that I'm still attracted to Nick. Oh, no. No, I was just curious. On on the night in question, did you see Dr. Marone take a drink? No. Have you, at any time in recent months, seen her take a drink? No. Oh, one last question. Did you sign a document pertinent to the Marone infant relinquishing any claim on the child? Uh, yes. But I. I didn't agree not to care for that child's welfare. No further questions, your honor.  you.  I have to admit, my family owes Stephanie. I mean, she did a great thing allowing Storm his freedom.  Donna, look, I know that Stephanie didn't let your brother go out of the goodness of her heart. I know that she expects something in return.  Yeah. Yeah, she wants you.  You listen to me. I'm gon na go there, and I'm gon na be with my family, and we're gon na celebrate the many, many years Stephanie and I were together. And we're gon na celebrate our family and everything we've accomplished together. And then I'm gon na come back here to you, because this is where I want to be. And you and I can get married, and we can have the life the life that we want to have together.  I can't wait. I can't wait.  Mr. Marone, how do Uncomfortable would probably be the word. Hey, judge.  Hmm? Would you mind if I spoke for a minute?  Certainly. Mr. Marone, I'd I'd like to hear what you have to say. Taylor is an extraordinary woman, a woman I'm proud to have called my wife. Even though we're divorcing, I have deep feelings for her, and I always will. But she has gone through an extremely difficult emotional experience as you've heard testified. she's recently taken our infant son from our home to her home and is caring for him alone. Now it would be irresponsible of me if I didn't object to this, which is why we're in court today because I can't live another day or night wondering if my son is in safe hands. You've heard testimony of her recent behavior, of her turning to alcohol. This is all factual. Taylor is a very strong and, she is not together. In fact, I think that she is in crisis. She has admitted to having difficulty bonding with our son, delusional behavior, hallucinations, and she's admitted to drinking again. And I can personally attest to the fact that she has battled difficulty with overwhelming rage in our home together. Why? (Sobbing) Why are you doing this? Why?  Dr. Marone. Why? (Sobbing) Your honor, I love this woman, and I don't want to be here in this court. And what has happened to her is not her fault. But as a man and as a father, I have to do what's best. I love that baby. Well, then you should understand what I'm doing is what's best for this child. I don't want to take your boy from you, and you can be an amazing mother when you're healthy. But, honey, you are not healthy right now, and I'm not gon na let an infant child in your care alone. I'm sorry for what's happened to you. I'm sorry for what it's done to you, but we've got to live in the reality of today. And the reality is, in my opinion, that the safest and best choice for our son is to not be in your care. (Sobs) (sobbing) 
I think Mr. Marone has said it all. His reasons for asking for full custody of his child are evident. I have nothing. Judge-Freedman Do you wish to cross-examine? Oh, yes, your honor, I certainly do. You testified you love your wife. Is that true? Yes. Would you say she's been a devoted, caring, loving wife? I would. So you love her. You say she's devoted to you, and yet, she's left you, Mr. Marone. Can you explain that?  Wow. I swear, I think some of these I have never seen. Oh, sure you have.  Well, no. You haven't?  That's Thomas, right? Well, yeah. Oh, yeah, that's him. He must be about, um, I guess 5 or 6 weeks old there.  Look how nervous Ridge looks holding him. Mm. Look how young he looks young we all look me, your father.  Mm. Dad always was the most handsome guy in the room. Well, I think he still is.  That's true, isn't it? Yeah.  Do you know what I want to see? What?  I want your wedding album. Oh.  No, I do. I want to look at those pictures. You always want to see that old thing.  Come on. I know, but it's nice. And every time I open it up and look at it, I sing I think the same thing oh, what was I thinking with that hair?  Stop it. You're gorgeous. Oh, honey. Well, I certainly felt gorgeous that day. That's for sure. That was a wonderful day. when I think how many, many, many, many, many, many years your father and In't even that bad, you know? what do you mean? We had wonderful. well. you had a wonderful childhood. You were happy, weren't you?  Sure. Yeah. Yes. Aw.  So happy. Come on. Oh, lord. Well, you were happy. Oh, my gosh. Some of these pictures are just look at. He and I are standing there looking at the sunset from the balcony. Is that silly, or what?  Hmm. It looks to me like you're looking at your martinis. Well, that's why we thought you had such a wonderful childhood.  oh. No, no, no, no. It was so oh, look at that. It was so wonderful having all you kids, watching you grow up, sharing that, you know?  You and Dad are gon na be making many more memories for a very, .  oh, stop, will you? Taylor left because she felt it was the best thing for her. There were issues in the marriage that she couldn't quite live with or get past, issues that weren't her fault. Issues? Would that perhaps be another woman? No. Not in the way you mean, no. What way would that be? There was no affair. There was no infidelity. The other woman is she here in this courtroom? She is. Are we speaking of Brooke Logan seated over there behind your counsel table? Yes. Weren't you married to Brooke Logan at one time, Mr. Marone? I was. Hmm. Uh, before the separation, had Brooke Logan been a frequent visitor to your home since the birth of your child? Well, she'd been there. I don't know if I would call it frequently. She does. Tell us, Mr. Marone, you still have very deep feelings for Brooke Logan, do you not? I do, but I would never act on them. I always made my wife and child the priority. I have nothing further for this witness. Judge-Freedman Do you have anyone else you wish to call, Mr. Logan?  Uh, no, your honor. Judge-Freedman You may step down. Thank you, Mr. Marone. Call your first witness. We call Dr. Taylor Marone. Oh. I don't know. Do you think I'm being an old fool running after a husband who's gone off to have a mad, passionate love affair with a beautiful young girl who tells you he no longer loves you, who leaves you? Do you think that's foolish?  No. I hope not. You know, the truth is he didn't really go looking for someone like Donna. I am trying to reel him back in. And. well, maybe there is a miracle out there.  Don't you ever stop hoping and believing. Dr. Marone, this has been quite an eventful year for ya, hasn't it? Yes, it has. Brief marriage, a new baby, now moving toward divorce. It's all happened very fast. Tell us about your family, your older children. Um, I have three children. I have twins uh, young ladies. Uh, one of them is here today Phoebe. Uh, my other daughter Steffy she's studying in Europe. Phoebe works here with her father's business at Forrester Creations, and Thomas is making a name for himself. He works overseas in the fashion industry at Forrester International. You must be very proud. Yes, I am. Still, with your family grown, it must have been daunting to think um, I was happy to have a second chance to start a new family, and I wanted a baby very much. I-I knew that my husband wanted to have a child of his own, and so it seemed worth it. Do you still feel that way? Yes. Well, I wish it had turned out differently, but, yes, I wanted I wanted that baby very much. And I love the baby, and I know that Nick does, too. I'm very proud that I was able to give you a son. It's obvious that there's a lot that's positive between you and Nick Marone. Are you certain there's no hope for the marriage? Unfortunately, yes. Was there a, uh, specific incident, something that happened that caused you to decide to leave the marriage?  My husband told me that he loves Brooke Logan, and he always will. That must have hurt. he says he wanted to continue in the marriage. Well, you know, when you love someone. and you vow to spend the rest of your life with them, you, you know, you don't really feel very happy if you think you only have half their heart. And I didn't think it would be a very good way for us to try to live like that. And and, actually, I-I-I sort of thought that we were going to work things out and and come up with some kind of fair arrangement. I never expected that my husband would try to steal my child from me. I am not trying to steal this child. Judge-Freedman Mr. Logan, please ask your client to sit down. That's not the case here at all. Judge-Freedman Mr. Marone, please, order, order. That's not what I was trying to do here. Judge-Freedman Quiet in the courtroom, please, or I'll we've heard testimony that you're an alcoholic. Recovering alcoholic.  Recovering. How much are you drinking these days? I'm not.  You're not drinking today, but you have recently. I backslid a little bit, but that is not happening now.  It's not happening now. Can you can you guarantee this court that it won't happen again? You're a known alcoholic. You've admitted to backsliding. Your husband and your psychiatrist say that you're experiencing delusions and hallucinations. Your husband says that you're sometimes overcome by rage. Are they lying? No, they're not lying, but after what I've been thr  Okay, they're not lying. So what if you're at home alone with your baby and you start experiencing these delusions or hallucinations? What if you're overcome by rage, or maybe you just get confused because you've been drinking. Can you guarantee this court at all You're making it out like I am some kind of terrible mother. I am not this distorted picture that you are painting me to be, Storm, and you know it. Everything would have been fine. Nick and I would still be together. Everything would have been just fine if it wasn't for your sister. Judge, you know what? I don't even think you understand what's really going on here. This has nothing at all to do with me. It has nothing at all to do with Nick. It has nothing to do with the baby. It has everything to do with her Brooke Logan his sister. we wouldn't even be in this courtroom right now if it wasn't for her. Your honor, that woman Brooke Logan is on a mission to make my life a living hell. She's stolen not one, but two of my husbands. I was married to Ridge Forrester. We had a wonderful . And we were very happy until she forced her way into that marriage, and she ruined it. She ruined everything. But that is nothing compared to what she did to my marriage with Nick Marone. You wouldn't believe the way she insinuated herself into our lives. Yes, I thought I was through with her. I thought I was free from her in my life, but no. She found a way to get herself intertwined into the deepest, most intimate part of our life. Just look at her right now. Look at her, judge. Look where she's sitting. She's sitting right behind my husband. And sitting with her is her daughter Bridget my trusted in vitro doctor. You see, judge, um, Bridget her daughter used the wrong eggs. She implanted the wrong egg. She used her mother's egg. Her mother Brooke Logan that's whose child I carried. (Sniffles) Oh, I know, they, like a, you know, a little accident, some kind of mix-up that happened in the lab. But this has been an absolute nightmare for me. I mean, really, you know, who who wouldn't be pushed to the limit? Who wouldn't want to take a drink? (Crying) really? But I-I'm I'm telling you that I take full responsibility for that, just like I take responsibility for the darkest time in my life when I had had some drinks and I had a terrible accident, and it claimed the life of one of our family members. I live with that pain and that guilt every day. There are still times that I wish that I had been the one that died. (Sniffling) but I found a way to move on with my life, and I-I went to A.A ., And I got myself together, and you've got ta know that I would never want to run that risk again. I would never, ever . I know I have to be careful. I know that I can't drink. I know that I shouldn't drink. And I am not going to drink. Have have I been, uh, pushed to the brink? Am I fighting for my sanity? Yes. Yeah, I am. But the only way that I'm going to be able to hold onto my sanity is if I have my child. He's all I have. Please don't let Brooke take anything else away from me. I've lost everything to her. I need something to hold onto. I need my child. Judge-Freedman I'm gon na review the testimony. I'll give my ruling shortly. (Sobbing) All rise. Judge-Freedman Come to order. Please be seated. Judge-Freedman Dr. Marone, what we've heard here today is a remarkable story. I-I can only imagine the anguish and heartache that you've had to go through as a result of what happened in the tender years should be taken care of by the mother. That's a prevailing principle of law, one which this court generally prefers to honor. I've given this a great deal of thought here, but circumstances in this case are anything but normal. Dr. Marone, as sympathetic as I am to what you've gone through, my obligation in this court is not to address your needs and desires, but the needs of the child. Given the instability which you've shown repeatedly, which would be exacerbated would you ever to reuse alcohol, I can not in good conscience allow you to remain caretaker for this child. What? Judge-Freedman Dr. Marone. What are you saying? Judge-Freedman It is evident to me that you want very much to be able to take care of your child. To that end, I want you to undergo psychiatric evaluation and, if necessary, therapy. Meanwhile, I'm placing the infant Jack Hamilton Marone in custody of his Didn't you hear anything I said to you? Judge-Freedman With provisions for supervised visitation. Please, you can't do this. Taylor, Taylor, please, please be seated. No No, you can't do this, please. Please sit down. Judge-Freedman I'm sorry, Dr. Marone. I must rule in the interest of the child. No, you can't just give my baby to Brooke. She's already taken everything else from me. Please, no No T-Taylor, Taylor, please, please. Judge-Freedman If the attorneys would meet in my chambers, we'll go over the terms of visitation, the provisions for surrendering the child. Counselors, this court's adjourned. I'll deal with it. Please, stay calm. I'll be back. (Breathing-heavily) Oh, how how how can you do this to me? You said you loved me. You said you cared about me. give my baby to Brooke? (Sobbing) why? What kind of a man are you? Why? Why would you let this happen? Taylor, I will be looking after our son, not Brooke. No Why why is she sitting there with you? Why? Because I know that you love her, and you want her with you and you want to raise that baby together. I know it. I know. No, Taylor, please. It's not like that. (Sobbing) Yes, it is. I carried the baby that you both wanted. I gave you my baby. (Sobbing) It's not fair. (Sniffles) It's not fair. (Sniffles) It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. (Sobbing) It's not fair. (Sobbing) It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. It's not fair. 
Good morning. You okay?  I-I just can't afford to look weak out there. Well, your husband just had a heart attack. You don't think people would understand?  Look, I'm a target when Eric is here. Now that he isn't God, I just keep thinking of him lying there unconscious, just. looking so vulnerable. I'm sorry. Don't be. Look, I'm not one of those people you have to pretend with, Mom. Now while Eric's sick, I'm the one you lean on. Whatever you need. Are we clear on that?  You you just you just called me Mom. You've you've never done that before. Is is that okay?  Is it okay? Yes, it's okay. It's wonderful. Oh, Marcus.  Marcus is such a great guy. We've gotten to become amazing friends warning me to stay away from Donna's son. Only I can't. I don't want to.  (Breathing-shakily) I wish I could talk to you about this. (Sniffles) maybe you could explain why Dad's so protective of me. You could convince him to give Marcus a chance the way you did, make things better the way you always have.  He can feel when we're here.  I think so, too.  I'll give you a moment with him.  Hey, Dad. How's it going?  Got back as quick as I could. Things are fine at the office.  One hell of a big job fillin' your shoes. But that's what you've been, uh, training me to do since I was a little kid, so I'm gon na do it. Make you proud.  I know I have your blessing, Dad.  ( Knock on door )  Hey, I just Look, Donna, I'm so sorry. You must be worried out of your mind.  Yeah. Yeah, I am. But not just about Eric. Ridge has taken over the company.  What you mean he's just gon na handle things until Eric recovers, right?  No, I mean taken control, legally.  Wait, how?  Ridge has been pressuring Eric to give the company as a gift. Ridge and Brooke would divvy up the shares among the family and then take over the business.  Wait. While Eric does what?  Retires, supposedly.  It doesn't seem like he'd be ready.  No, he's not. This is not what Eric wants, Owen. And I have to wonder if the stress caused his heart attack. I mean, Ridge went to a lawyer. They drew up papers. And he shoved it in his face when he got back from the trip. Yes, Eric agreed that's it, right? There's nothing I can do to stop this from happening.  Now wait a minute. Where are the papers? I mean, may I see them?  It's right here.  All right, this one's got Ridge's signature. Is there another copy with Eric's?  No. Eric didn't sign anything. He gave Ridge a verbal agreement. But but he changed his mind right before he passed out. Look, I know it was his intention to give the company to Ridge someday, but not yet. Not yet. But this is a done deal, right? I mean, Eric's gon na wake up and find out that he lost his company, and it's all my fault.  No, Donna, wait. This may not be a done deal yet.  How am I gon na stand up to Ridge?  There may be a way.  Owen, are you telling savvier than I am about this.  Luckily, you have an assistant who's no slouch either.  Wait, if you could help I mean, I just I feel like I'm so in over my head. I  You need to find Eric's documents, see who he designated to make decisions for him if he's incapacitated.  Well, they might be in the safe here in the office.  Wait, do you have the combination?  Well, of course I do. Eric trusts me with everything.  Well, I'm gon na lock the door just in case. Hey, um, I've been waiting for you.  I've been waiting to see you, too. (Laughs-nervously)  So did you go to the hospital?  Mm-hmm. How's Eric doing?  The same. I know this sounds weird, but I could always talk to my grandfather about anything, So why is that weird?  Because. I can't now. Here I am, pouring out my heart, and I don't even know if he can hear me. Well, I bet you that helped.  Yeah, kinda. Maybe I should talk to him, too, then.  About what? Well, I'll say, " Eric, I just kissed your granddaughter, and she's all I can think about. Why is that? How come I can't get Steffy off my mind? "  You know, I have no idea what any of this stuff is.  Well, the two of you haven't been married very long, so it's possible that Ridge or Eric's ex-wife might still have his power of attorney, in which case, you're not really gon na have much ahh Bingo.  What? What, you found what you needed?  Yep.  Well, what does You've got Eric's power of attorney.  Power of attorney?  Ridge's signature on that document means absolutely nothing. As long as Eric is incapacitated, you are in charge of Forrester Creations.   See, unfortunately, Eric is in a position where he can't let his wishes be known, and this document, power of attorney, gives you the legal right to make decisions on his behalf. If you believe he wouldn't want to transfer ownership, then you've got the power to stop it. As long as you're acting in the best interest of your husband, Ridge can't push this through. That is the answer you were looking for, right?  I know what Eric wanted, and I I want to honor his wishes.  But?  But I also want to do what's best for Forrester Creations. Ridge loves this company as much as his father, and he would do a good job running it. Eric the verbal agreement.  Well, like it or not, you've got the upper hand here, and you have it because Eric put your name on this document. So now you have all the information. If I were you, I would take that document that Ridge signed, put it in an envelope, seal it, and put it in your safety deposit box. Don't even fold it. It's evidence.  I understand. Thank you, Owen.  Just doing my job.  Okay, well, I-I'm gon na go see Eric. Maybe then I'll I'll know the right thing to do. You have to get better, Dad ,' cause we all need you. I need you. Is this what you want? You want Ridge to run the company? Give me a sign. Anything. I just I need to know for sure. Hey  How are you? Okay. How you Um, I don't know. I-it's been a nightmare. I'm I'm so used to to having your father to turn to. And now when you need him the most.  Yeah. You have been so supportive of us when no one else has. I mean, even our wedding you were his best man. All the other kids were there to to protest, hoping out loud that, you know, he would wouldn't go through with it. Well, Donna, I of all people know what it's like to be in love with someone when your whole family is against you.  Yeah. Well, just know that I-I really appreciate it. I do.  Thanks. I'll see you.   Hi, honey. It's me. God, I hate being away from you.  You're not in any pain, are you?  God, you know, just shows me how much you believe in me. Oh, Eric, I-I I want to earn your trust. I want to do the right thing. I want to protect your company, but I also know how much you love your children. I just have to believe that you meant what you said when we were alone, right bef  I'll come back.  No, Ridge, please, just stay. I-I really I need to tell you something.  Oh, I think we've said everything we needed to say.  Look, I-I know you expect me to fall in line like a good little soldier, but I can't do that. You can not take ownership of the company, not while Eric is in a coma. I am gon na fight you. I will do whatever it takes to protect my husband.  Wow, that's a pretty big problem. What? Thinking about you constantly? Uh, yeah much of a distraction, huh? Maybe I'll leave you alone and let you focus on your work. Unh-unh. Unh-unh. Unh-unh. Unh-unh. Unh-unh. Stop playing. Don't do that. Don't do that.  Ridge, I have heard all your reasons, but it's not what Eric wanted.  Dad told me what he wanted, Donna. I've known it for years to hand the reigns over to me, his son.  I do not want to argue in front of Dad.  Neither do I.  Then we just need to agree to disagree then. Because the ownership transfer is gon na go through.  No. No, it's not. I have your father's power of attorney.  What?  Yes, it's true. And I'm gon na do everything in my power to protect my husband's interests.  look, Donna, we are a tight family. We handle things are not needed at Forrester Creations, not between a father and his son.  Ridge, I know that you don't have a lot of respect for me, but I am not gon na allow you to do this, not while Eric is incapacitated and I'm responsible for speaking on his behalf.  Why are we even talking about the company when what's important is helping Dad get through this?  Good. I'm glad you feel that way.  Of course, I do. He's my father, and I love him.  Ridge, I know you love him. And I know you love the company. I would never doubt that.  Oh, honey bear, please help me be strong. Help me do the right thing. I just have to believe that you you meant what you said. God, it's your legacy. It's your life's work. You have poured your heart and soul into it for years.  When you come back, Forrester Creations will be yours to run. Just just come back. Just come back to me.  (Thinking) " Honey bear "? How sickening. Everything about you is phony. You're the reason this happened. Now you're using a power of attorney against me. I don't care if you are Brooke's sister. I will take you down.  
I'm so sorry. What can I do to help?  Those papers you drew up transferring ownership of the company Dad got sick before he could sign them. But you said he agreed to sign them.  He did, but his new wife Donna wants to block the transfer. She says she has power of attorney. Yeah, your father made some changes after he got married.  Why? Everything was fine the way it was. Ridge, it wasn't my idea. Your father's very much in love with his new wife. He trusts her, which is why he gave her full power of attorney.  What the hell can I do about this then? Hope and pray your father makes it through this crisis.  Needless to say, Ridge was surprised.  Oh, I can imagine. So much for his plans to take over the he already has control. He's president. It's not like I'm gon na step on his toes.  Yeah, but you're not about to hand over ownership to him either.  No. I-I can't do that. I mean, that would be a betrayal of my husband. You know, I-I just want to go to the hospital. I just want to be with him every hour until he wakes up.  Look, I'm sure that if anything changes, they'll call you. Hey. It's gon na be all right. The little I know about Eric Forrester is that he's a fighter, and he loves you, and he's got every reason in the world to live.  Yeah. Yeah, of course, you're right. You're right. God, you have been such a Godsend. I-I think about the day when you walked through my office when I needed someone to depend on, someone to trust . I wouldn't have been able to do any of this without you.  Owen, what what's wrong? What's bothering you?  How was your visit with Dad? I swear he knows we're there for him. I mean, he is in a coma, but he's not unaware.  I felt the same way when I was there earlier. I heard that Donna was there at the same time.  Yeah. she's devastated like the rest of us. What? I'm touched that you realize that.  I'm sure in her own way she loves Dad. Thank you.  Not that I don't have other issues with your sister. Oh, of course you do. I mean, even I have issues with her, but at least this means maybe there's a chance at some kind of healing.  Yeah, well, don't hold your breath on that one. company. How?  Unfortunately, Donna got power of attorney from Dad. What? Eric agreed to turn over the company to us.  Yeah, then. But when he's with her, he changes his mind. At least, that's her story. Do you believe her?  Logan, I don't know what to believe now. I look around here at this company that Dad and Mother built, and it's faltering. We're in a downward spiral right now, Brooke. And I know that once a fashion house gets to a certain point, it's damn hard to save it. one other thing that's really frustrating I know that you and I could turn this around. (Snaps-finger) I'm certain of that. I'll have to talk to her.  You think you can make her realize what's goin' on here? Well, I'm gon na have to try.  Get her to we're doin' here is best for the company, is best for her and Dad. It's best for my family and your family, too. Do you think you can get her to see that?  Owen, what is it?  It's, uh. nothing.  You don't deal well with compliments. Well, isn't that modest of you?  Donna, I think that maybe I should tell I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were in here with somebody.  Oh, you two have not been formally introduced. Owen, this is my sister Brooke. Brooke, Owen is my new assistant.  Yes. We met briefly at the pool party. Right. Good to see you again.  Good to see you. Donna says so many wonderful things about you.  Well, I'm gon na leave the two of you alone so you can have some privacy. Bye.  Bye Barely. Eric's gon na be fine. You just have to hold on to that thought.  I'll try. It's hard, I know, but you don't have to feel alone. There is help. ( Elevator bell dings )  Felicia.  Yes, Owen?  I'm sorry about your father.  Yeah? How sorry are you? My father never had a heart problem till he married Donna.  You can't blame Donna for that.  No, I'm just stating a fact. My father was in very good health until that marriage happened. I'm just sorry that I didn't meet somebody to break' em up before he landed in the hospital. Obviously, you weren't the right candidate.  Come on. You think it was easy for me to turn down the $200 grand that you were offering? That would have set me up perfectly. But I couldn't do it, Felicia na fall into bed with me, not the way that she feels about your father.  Yeah, we'll see about that. I'm not through with her.  Now I need to get back to the hospital. I need to talk to you first.  About what? Brooke, I do not want to talk about the ownership issue. Donna, we need to discuss it. It's what Eric wanted.  But he changed his mind. Donna.  He did, Brooke, I promise. Look, we talked right after he met with Ridge. And you convinced him not to do it.  I didn't have to convince him of anything. He was beat up after his trip to New York. He was vulnerable to Ridge, but but then I got him alone, and everything changed. My God, Brooke. You should have seen him. He was he was like his old self again. up, and he realized that he made a mistake with Ridge. He wants to run the company. Look, if he wakes up from this coma and and the company isn't his, it'll be devastating. Donna, you act like he's gon na wake up and be able to go right back to work. He needs time to recuperate. He's lying in a hospital in a coma. I mean, how how do you know he's gon na be able to function when he gets back to work? Look, I'm sorry. I know this is horrible. It's a nightmare, but Forrester needs to survive, and under Eric's leadership right now, it's not doing that.  All I can think about is what he means to me and how much he has done for me. I need to do right by him, Brooke. He is counting on me to do the right thing. I can't let him down Tell me you understand that.  I will. You hang in there, Mother. All right, love you.  Hey. Any word from the hospital?  Oh, no change. Mother's over there right now.  Oh. That poor woman. This has got ta be killing her.  It is.  So did you tell her yet that you and Brooke will be taking over the company?  No. The timing isn't quite right. Besides, it may not even happen.  Why not?  Because Donna's trying to block us. Dad gave her his power of attorney.  What? Honey, I do understand. You want to do what's best for Eric, but you need to think about something. Having power of attorney means that you make the decisions that Eric would want you to make. And he wanted Ridge and I to take over ownership of the company if he couldn't run it anymore he gets all better. And once he gets better, he will always have a position at Forrester, that is if there still is a Forrester Creations. Ridge and I need to make sure that this company stays strong and viable, and right now, is just isn't.  And, what, your brilliant fianc can change all that? Yes, I do, because he is brilliant, and the whole fashion industry knows that, and they also know that the leadership is lying in a hospital bed somewhere in a coma. And they're wondering if they should continue buying and selling our products. Look, I know that you haven't always gotten along with Ridge, and he hasn't always been fair, but just earlier, he said that he realized he much you loved Eric.  He said that? In so many words.  Yeah, he's probably just trying to soften me up. No. No, he meant it. 's that Eric's children are seeing you in a different way.  I just don't know if I can trust them. Honey, you can. They're not out to hurt you, not anymore. And you'll always have a place here, Donna. Their main concern right now is their father and his legacy. So you have to allow them to protect it for you and for Eric. Please. Please, use your power of attorney to allow Ridge to transfer over the ownership and allow Eric to recuperate, get better. You should do this for him as much as for anybody.  All right. I will take the leap of faith, and then I can focus on Eric completely. Thank you. Thank you, really. You're doing the right thing.  I hope so. ( Door closes )  How did it go? Donna agreed to sign the papers.  Giving us ownership? Yes. incredible. You are a miracle worker. All I did was tell her the truth, that this is what Eric would want.  We're gon na make him so proud. He's gon na wake up from that coma and come back to a company that is stronger than ever.  I made a decision. I am going to allow the transfer of ownership to Ridge and Brooke.  Really?  Ridge is his son. His children love him. They'll be able to take care of the business needs. And, you know, I-I think we all learned something the last few days.  What's that?  Well, I for one learned that my mistrust towards Ridge and the others is has been a little paranoid on my part.  Are you sure about that?  That yeah, I'm sure.  Owen, do you know something?  Yes, I do.  What?  It's not gon na be easy, but I think you need to know the truth, even if it means that you throw me outta here and I never see you again.  I'm listening.  The day that I came here, when you hired me, it was because of a conversation that I had with Felicia.  A conversation with Felicia?  She made me an offer, one, at the time, I felt I couldn't refuse. But that's not the original reason I came to L.A. I came here to check up on Marcus and to collect my payment for reconnecting the two of you.  What did Felicia offer you?  A lot of money.  To do what?  To break up your marriage.  And how were you gon na do that?  By getting close to you and seducing you and getting proof of it, like pictures of the two of us in a compromising position.   I trusted was wrong, and I found that out very early on that you love your husband, and you would never stray.  So this this is all fake, a lie?  At first, but it changed.  No, I thought I could count on you.  You can count on me. That's why I'm telling you this. Look, you've got ta be careful, all right? You are in a very dangerous position.  Yeah, and you you put me there.  No. No. I told Felicia that I couldn't do it. I backed out of our deal.  Oh, oh, really, really? And I should believe you now?  No, I don't care what you believe. I just care about that you protect yourself. If you sign that document giving them ownership, you are no longer in power. They could do whatever they want with the company. They could they could what? They will kick you out. I ran into Felicia earlier, and her attitude towards you had not changed one bit. She's determined to get you out of her father's life, and she's gon na do whatever it takes to make it happen. They are not to be trusted, Donna. If you do, you will regret it. Even Eric knew not to trust them completely. That's why he gave you power of attorney and not one of them. He knew that if he was gone, they would get rid of you. Don't give them this power. If you sign that document, they will get rid of you. They will.  So Donna she's willing to sign these papers today? Yes. She's convinced that you mean her no harm and that you're only looking out for Eric's interests. She trusts you, you and your family.  Oh, Logan.  Oh, man, well, I could think of one way, two ways, actually, three ways that you could repay me.  Mm. Mm.  I'm sorry, Donna. Think what you want about me, but Ridge, Felicia and Thorne are out to destroy you, and that is the truth.  Whoa. Wh where are you going?  Going to get my things and clean out my desk, save you the hassle from having to fire me.  Wait, wait. Wait, just wait. At least you you told me the truth now. You you may be the only person I can trust. I-I want you on my team. I need you on my team.  But you still believe me after everything I just told you?  I hope I'm not being foolish.  You're not. Donna, I promise you right here and right now that I will never betray your trust ever again. Look, when a superficial gold digger who was using her father and out to destroy a family. That's not who you are. You're as good as they come, and I want to be there for you, help make sure that nobody takes advantage of you. During this emotional and incredibly difficult time in your life, I want you to know that you're not alone. I'm here for you for whatever it is whenever. I'm your man.  Brooke will be mad, Ridge furious but I know what I have to do. 
I don't know how I'm going to get through this. (Cries-and-Sniffles) Do you know how much I love you. I'm going to miss you. (Crying)  Hi, I didn't expect to find you here.  I told Katie that I wanted to handle this press release about Phoebe personally, so .... (closes-computer)  Eric, I hope you know how sorry I am. Phoebe. Well, Phoebe was a lot like her granddad, kind, and gentle, and loving. Which makes what you're going. Look, I know we're not going together anymore, but I still feel like we're family, and I want to be by your side during this painful time.  How is she doing?  Mmm, I don't think she got any sleep. I really don't know how she's going to get through today. God, how are we going to get through today?  We're just heartsick about Phoebe. Please tell the family that you're all in our a lot. What are you doing here?  Looking for you actually, or more to the point, a job.  I gave you a job, and I paid you handsomely.  For doing something I was not all that comfortable with. Still I came through for you, and I hope you'll do the same for me. Give me a shot as a Forrester model.  Look, I asked you not to ever come back here, and I meant it. Now I have to go to a funeral.  Who are you?  I read somewhere that when someone leaves, they leave their footprints on our hearts. But when they leave, they'll always leave their living and loving memory in us. That's the way I think about my sister. She is as near as my fondest memory. She had this force about her. She was so passionate about everything and anyone. anyone that would hear her sing or watch her on the runway to me, she was my sister. She was my closest friend. She was my loving, beautiful twin. She was a part of me the best part of me. I love you, Phoebe. We'll always have that bond from now to eternity and beyond.  I don't think any member of the press even saw the showstopper that night. They only had eyes for Phoebe. I only had eyes for Phoebe that night, but what I was seeing was Phoebe when she was four when she was like four years old, and she would come into my office all the time, and one night I was designing, and she came running across the room and jumped into my lap looked very seriously and very intently at my design. And then she turned to me and she said, " You draw good, Grandpa. " I've had so many reviews in my life, and that is the one that I will hold closest to my heart heart, my sweet, sweet granddaughter forever. You were too young, Phoebe much too young to die. It's just so wrong so conceivably and unimaginatively wrong that you should. They're all standing here thinking of you, remembering wonderful things, and just simply trying to find a way to say goodbye. I'm standing here because of Phoebe, and I want to speak about what a beautiful person she was. I just wanted to read This is a scripture that I read once, and I have always clung to it. As I was woven together in the womb, you saw me before I was born. Every day of my life was recorded in your book. Every moment already had been laid out before a single day had passed. There's so many things I can say about Phoebe. Everyone here knows what a beautiful, loving heart she had. It's just that it's not right. It is wrong for a parent to . And now that she's gone, I find myself looking to up to her as something I aspire to be. She's so loving in the face of hate. Bringing peace to people instead of chaos. And forgiving, she's so forgiving. Oh, I miss you so much.  Were you talking to me?  Yeah. I saw Thorne giving you a hard time there. What, do you work here?  Not exactly.  Well, what, are you a model ?' Cause you definitely have got the figure for one.  Actually, I am a model, but.  But what? You haven't gotten your big break yet?  I thought I had, but then I was asked to do something really strange. And you're staring at me.  I'm I'm sorry. You just look so much like somebody that I know.   (Sighs-heavily) Okay, kiddo, confession time. (Sniffles) out. I didn't want my two little girls to ever grow up. I wanted you and your sister to stay 8 years old forever. And then one day, it happened. Suddenly you weren't 8 years old anymore. You were 16, 18, all grown up. I still saw the little girl that needed to be protected, or so I thought. It rips at my heart that I wasn't able to protect you that night.  But I thank God I was able to be there in time to spend your last moments with you, to hold you in my arms, to hear the first beautiful words of the song you'd just written. (sighs-heavily) before you slipped away.  God bless you, my sweet little girl. God bless you always.  (Exhales-deeply) I felt like I was always cleaning, every day. ( Phoebe's song playing ) Close my eyes and think and you're always there in the world I know you're always there and time again you're always there how do I show you? What can I say? What you mean to me? You held me high and I touched the sky no star is too far away I have my faith and dreams' cause you're always there you've made my home in your heart how do I show you? What can I say? What you mean to me? You held me high and I touched the sky thank you for the love I've always known (Sniffles)  What the hell are you doing here? (Sniffles) I had to be here, to pay my respects and to honor Phoebe here. I loved her, too, Ridge. You know that.  Get him out of here, Logan. I can't leave.  Get him out of here. I can't leave Phoebe. I would do anything to br to bring you back. You have to believe that.  You can't bring her back. .  You can't bring her back. Let's go.  My daughter is dead because of you, you bastard. I'm gon na take you out. Come on.  Everyone, thank you. Uh, thanks for being here and helping us say good-bye to Phoebe. We will all miss her terribly. Thank you. Okay.  (Exhales-deeply)  He shouldn't have come here. He shouldn't be here. No, he shouldn't have come here. I told his mother to keep him away. And if they had any respect for you and Taylor and his brother Stephanie, don't do that. Don't use my son's tears to make this even more painful. His tears? Those are crocodile tears. That's a performance because he's trying to save himself. He was driving that car. And she's in the she's in the ground. She's dead because of him. He robbed her live her dreams out. She'll never know what it's like to fall in love, to be married, to have children, to have a family. He robbed her of all of that, of her dreams. Don't you let that son of a bitch get away with it. 
He shouldn't have come here. He shouldn't be here. No, he shouldn't have come here. I told his mother to keep him away, and if they had any respect for you and Taylor and his brother it just he shouldn't have been here.  Why, Logan? Why didn't you keep Rick away? It wasn't right for him to be at the funeral.  Donna, we're not gon na be able to pull it off. It's too much work. We're already two weeks behind on our deadline.  Are you sure you can do this?  What? Work with you on this surf line project? Yes.  Even though we're having these personal issues?  Donna, your relationship with Eric is your business. All right, to be quite frank, there isn't really much of a relationship, but you just don't want to accept that. But you know how I feel, and I don't want to talk and get to work.  Okay. ( Knock on door )  Hey. Come in. Hi.  Hey. My appointment got rescheduled. I hope this isn't too late.  No. No, not at all. You know what, Donna? I've got a great idea.  Yeah?  I think we should use Grace as a fit model.  Oh, for for the surf line?  Yeah, I mean, she's got the right figure. She she looks very much like you.  Okay, sure. Yeah.  Awesome. Great, then it's settled.  Oh, well, I mean, we first have to run it by Eric and and Thorne. I mean, they may have somebody else in mind.  I can do this. Really, I can. I promise I won't let you down.  I'm sure you won't, Grace.  Owen  Hey, guys, about this fabric re Are you all right? I mean, I just don't think it was necessarily a good idea to come down.  No, you know, I just needed a distraction, I guess. What an ordeal. I know. I'm just heartbroken for Taylor and Ridge.  They're gon na need our support. It's a good thing we're back together, especially at a time like this.  The family needs a good foundation. All of them, including Rick. I don't think it was a good idea for him to show up at that funeral, and I asked Brooke to keep him away.  Rick needs closure, just like everyone else. Well, if he needs closure, Eric, then he should take responsibility for what he did. He should turn himself in to the police.  Rick should have stayed away. He desperately needed mourning. We all are.  Oh, is he seriously grieving? Or is he just putting on an act? That's Stephanie talking, not you.  No, Brooke, that's me talking. You saw him, Ridge. How could you believe he's not in mourning?  I believe he's feeling guilty. And he should be, after everything he's done. Logan, I know he's your son, and I feel for you. But don't ask me to feel for Rick, because I don't. I can't.  So you were saying something about the fabric orders?  Yeah. Your quantities are off.  All right, let me take a look at this.  Oh, um, I'm sorry, Thorne. This is, um, Grace. I'm sure you guys haven't met yet.  We've met.  Oh. She looks a-a lot like me, doesn't, we were thinking about using her as a model for our surf line.  Really?  Oh, do you do you have a problem with that, or  Why would I have a problem with that?  Oh, I don't know. It just seems like something is bothering you.  I'd like to talk to her. Would you guys give us some privacy, please?  Yeah. Oh, absolutely.  Okay.  Let's go, Donna. Let's go wrap up this order real quick. Come on. Chop-chop.  Okay. I'm coming.  I paid you very well to do a job, and that job is over. You're finished here, Grace.  I can't believe that you would want to bring the police into this thing. Well, our granddaughter's dead. I mean, they're going to look into it anyway. That's normal procedure. Wait a minute to rescue him from his responsibility?  I'm not trying to rescue Rick. There's nothing to rescue Rick from. Look, I don't want to talk about this. No, of course you don't. Look look, why don't we just go home? We're not gon na get any work done here.  No, I don't want to go home. I'll stay here. I'll do some work or something. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. That wasn't my intention. It's fine. I love you. I'll see you later. I want to get through this with you. What can I do? How can I help you?  I don't know, Logan. I, uh, buried my daughter today. It's kind of soon to talk about getting through it. Ridge, what do you want from me? I'm 'm sorry. I'm just not thinking about much other than Phoebe right now. I understand. ( Cell phone rings )  Yes, Mother? Hi, honey. Um, I'm on my way home. And, um, how are you doing?  Not great. Why don't you come over to the house and we'll talk?  I'll meet you at the house after I get through here. Your mother wants to see you? I'm coming along.  She'd like to see me in private, Brooke. Do you know why? Because I do. I saw the hatred in her eyes. She wants my son gone. She wants Rick behind bars.  How could you do that, Donna? How how could you betray me like that?  I want you to walk out of this building, get into your car and go home. You are not to come back here again. . It is a very good opportunity.  Owen doesn't have the authority to offer you a job. You will never work for Forrester Creations, Grace. And if you would like, I can make it to where you never work in this town again.  Why are you acting like this? I did you a favor.  No, you didn't. You did a job, which you were very well compensated for.  That was not a modeling job, Thorne. That was something altogether different.  What's your point?  I just have to wonder. You asked me not to mention it to anyone, and I didn't. I-I don't know why you hired me to do what I did, but it was obviously important to you, so.  Good-bye, Grace.  That woman. Donna. I look a lot like her. This has something to do with her, doesn't it? ( Knock on door ) memorial?  It was heartbreaking.  Oh, Eric, I'm so sorry.  Thank you.  I-I love you so much. And I wish I could be by by your side through all this. I'm sorry, Eric, I don't want any upset or trouble between us, especially at a time like this, but Phoebe's dead, and Rick is responsible, and I just don't think it's right that he gets away with this. Don't go over there, Ridge, please. You really don't need to hear another one of Stephanie's tirades.  Brooke, she's devastated like everyone else. She loved Phoebe, too. Yes, but she hates my son.  It's kind of understandable, isn't it? No. No, it isn't understandable. Rick doesn't deserve to be hated by Stephanie or by anybody. He hates himself enough for what's happened. Ridge his life because of what happened on that windy road. Punishing Rick is not going to bring Phoebe back. Please, if you care about me, the woman who is loyal to you and to her children, then you will not I am begging you you will not give in to your mother.  We'll deal with Rick. You and me. I'm very angry at your son, Brooke. But I'm not gon na let Mother put him behind bars.  Because I love you. Thank you. Thank you. (Sniffles) I love you, too. I love you so much.  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I guess I shouldn't have said that.  Maybe you shouldn't have.  Look, I just I don't want you to think that. when you're suffering like this that you're not on my mind, in my heart.  That's that's veryn't believe me, though, do you?  I believe that you care about me, but you have another life now.  Another life? Yeah. Yeah, I guess you could say that. A life without you. A life without love. Yeah, maybe someday I'll feel something for someone, but it won't be the same.  You don't know that.  Yeah, I do. I know that. you'll be the one I judge all others by, and nobody will compare. That I know. What is it? Something else is going on. Just tell me. Tell me. Please, Eric, I have poured my heart out to you, and my God, why are you looking at me like this? Like I-I've done something to hurt you?  What you had me do, pretending to make love to that man, it had something to do with Donna and Eric Forrester, didn't it see what I can do about getting you a position at Forrester International.  Why? So you can get me out of the country? ( Cell phone beeps )  I got ta go. Forrester International. It could be exciting. You think about it, Grace. But you call me. Don't ever come back here again.  All right, Grace. I want you to level with me right now. What is really going on between you and Thorne?  You wanted to see me, Mother? Yes, honey.  Is this about Rick? Oh, so you've, uh, been with Brooke?  Yes, I have been with her. Well, I honestly don't think she can be objective about this.  And you can? No, all right. I don't suppose any of us can. But there are certain indisputable facts here.  No one's more aware of that than I am a month or two, it would, but it can't. Phoebe is gone, and justice is due.  Well, that's not gon na bring her back, though, is it? No. No. Nothing is going nothing's gon na bring her back. But I don't think he should be allowed to get off scot-free. It's only going to make you, make all of us suffer even more.  Nothing is gon na make me suffer more than I already am, Mother. Well, there's a lot of anger going on here, too.  You're gon na capitalize on that? No. If you can let this go, what he's done, then I can let it go, too. Can you?  I'll handle Rick. No charges are gon na be filed. And how are you gon na handle him?  That's my business, not yours. No, it Look, honey, this is supposed to be not about vengeance and not about anger. It has to be about due process. So let's take him to court, and let's let them settle it and see if he should be punished or not.  And if the courts let him go? Then what? Well, personally, I don't think there's a court in the state that's gon na let him off, and I think you believe that, too. I think we have to let the authorities pursue this. Otherwise otherwise he doesn't suffer any consequences for your daughter's death. I think we have to do this for phoebe's sake and for yours and Taylor's. If you don't do think I don't know how you'll live with yourself for the rest of your life. 
Uh, hi. Hi yourself.  Am I on time? On time for what?  For the meeting. Yeah. Yeah, sure.  You know, no one else is here. Oh, well, you might be a little bit early.  I'll come back. No, no, no. Please stay.  This is weird, Nick. How do you like the office, huh?  I mean, it's a it's a beautiful space. Well, it's something new and fresh to keep the juices flowing.  I hadn't seen a problem there. I meant everything I said to you last night.  I know your apology came from your heart. If I overstepped, it wasn't intentional. I'm sorry.  Nick, you should know that I really appreciate what you were trying to say last night.  Ooh, look at this place. You know, you got to be related morning. So where's your mom? Later than you are. Oh, I'm never late. Let's get started.  Oh, I'll buzz her. Oh, okay. Look, uh, Karen Spencer is still in town, so I have a meeting with her. Meeting about what? Well, they are in the media business. We have something to say, and they'll get it heard. We have something to say? Of course we do. That's why I called the meeting. I'm going to pitch to them a thought. Um, I want to do a series of articles in the " Eye on Fashion. "  Articles on Jackie M.? Mm-hmm. Is there a deal in place here that I don't know about? No. That's what I'm going to pitch today, and I'm hoping for an enthusiastic response. All corporate statements are supposed to Stephanie. Oh. Well, if your mother wants to have a say on what goes on around here, I think she has to show up for work, Nick. Karen is expecting me. I don't want to be late. She didn't answer her phone.  I'll go find her. AWOL again. This is getting to be a bad habit.  Clarke, I told you to stop that.  Oh, your tush is obviously gaining quite a reputation.  Ooh, Jackie. Oof, it's you.  What, do you think you're safe now?  I don't know. I mean, alone in a room with a wild cougar. I don't think so.  I don't like the cougar. Cougars get shot.  Mm.  House cats get the milk.  Mm.  (Meows)  (Meows)  (Meows)  Ooh, I like that. ( Knocking on door ) me. Are you in there?  Oh, my God. It's locked, right?  Unh-unh.  Ooh.   Did you forget about the meeting?  Oh, the meeting. Oh, my God, time flies. Quick. Nick's office, pronto.  Me, too?  You're my chief of staff. I need someone to watch my flank.  It's provocative. It's been done.  Not like this. Monsieur X, hmm?   Oh, my God. Is this a fancy dress meeting? Shall I go and get my catsuit? You stay put. I'm gettin' tired of your disappearing act.  Huh.  Well, excuse me, but if Stephanie doesn't bother to turn up for her own meetings, why should I? Stephanie's been here and gone. She went to meet with Karen Spencer.  Oh. Hello Karen Spencer is expecting me. Right this way. You'll be meeting with Bill Spencer today. Bill Spencer?  In the flesh. Bill Jr.  Bill. Of course. I can't believe that this is the first time in all of these years that I've actually met you.  Have a seat. My father and I didn't socialize together. Strictly business with us. I know. You didn't care for him very much.  Didn't know him that well, nor did my mother, for that matter. He may not have raised you, but he certainly took good care of you, and look. Here you have ended up with 50% of his company.  It wasn't a gift. I earned it. I know. He made you and Karen work your way up.  Not a philosophy your ex-husband subscribes to, from what I hear. I see your father told you expressing his disapproval. No. But then, neither am I.  Yes, I get that about you. Is that what brings you by, Stephanie? You wanted to give my sister your two cents on how this company should be run? Far be it for me to do that. No, actually, I was coming to see Karen, because I was going to ask a favor of her.  Well, as luck would have it, she was called back home. I'm taking her meetings. How can I be of service? You already know of my circumstances at, um, Forrester Creations. Um, as luck would have it, and I hope it's luck, I've gone into business, a partnership with the Marone family at Jackie M. Designs, and naturally, we're looking for publicity. And I was hoping. thinking that you might be interested, based on my experiences in the business, that you would 've written and put them in the, uh, " Eye on Fashion " magazine.  You're angry, looking for payback. You won't find it here. Well, that's one way of looking at it. On the other hand, I'd like to think that I'm offering you an opportunity. I think people are going to be interested in what I have to say, and they'll hear it one way or the other. The question is are you smart enough to profit from it?  Thank you very much, ladies. You were really lovely. You can tell the sewers there's no changes. Everything's perfect. Thank you. I don't you could at least pretend to be interested. You know what interests me lately? You.  Where's your head been, hmm? What is going on with you?   You have time for an apology?  Is this about were uncomfortable.  Oh, Owen, that that's not your fault. You were charming and and delciou dinner. Dinner was delicious.  Look, I just I don't want you to think that I was expecting anything more.  No, you just are curious how messed up I really am.  No, I don't think that at all.  You don't?  No. I-I mean, I think that you're a little confused as to what you really want.  Nick was here when I came back after our date last night, and we we talked.  Well, you got a lot of history there.  Yeah, you know, I'm just sorting it out history, no history.  A bit of the past becoming the present?  You know, we say that, but it never really happens. You don't get do-overs in life.  A do-over. Is that do-over? Look, come on Bridget, you know what? I'm gon na give you a little straight talk right now. You got your head spinnin' all over the place for this this man who messed up his marriage to you not once, but twice, and now the guy is engaged to your aunt. Come on. You have got to stop putting everything on yourself and thinking about yourself as messed up and broken. I mean, come on. You have been through a lot, and I have asked around, and you've been involved with some pretty big losers.  I know how to pick' em.  Well, you need to pick somebody else, and stop crossing your fingers and hoping that this time around that they're gon na treat you better. You've got to demand it. Well? What do you think? Yes or no?  More. You like it.  My readers will, too. I will. Great.  If you accept my proposal. The articles are good. You really put it out there. I like that. I want you to do more of it. We'll call them " The Logan Chronicles, " use them to generate interest, create a temporary bump in magazine sales, but I'm about the big picture. Subscriptions are down. Advertising's falling. The future, Stephanie, is new media. The internet.  Yes. Like you, Spencer Publications is looking to branch out. I want to get us away from that tired, old-school image. It really isn't me. Really? How?  A blog. No. No, better yet, a webcast. Put yourself out there on the internet. Let your audience see and hear what you have to say, every captivating word. I'll plug you right into our " Eye on Fashion " website. Bang It's explosive. You know that ex-husband thinks that he's taken everything away from me, but you know, I'm not exactly the kind of woman that just rolls over. I think I still have a rather formidable position here in the fashion industry, and, uh, Eric will soon be reminded of that, won't he? I think I think what I have to say will be one hell of a blow against Forrester Creations.  And hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Or a woman who gets even.  I like the way you think. And it's my pleasure to be a part of it. Mine, too, I hope. Thank you, Bill.  Your text said that you needed my help.  Well, I do. I have this one little spot that I can't seem to reach. I thought you might have the right angle.  Look, Jackie, I tried to find you at the office. I had a to you about it.  Well, you can, just as soon as you take your clothes off and get into the tub with me.  The log-in's secure. Everything's ready? Great. I.T. has your site. ready to go. Wow, that's that's beautiful.  " Inside fashion with Stephanie Forrester. "  Just look in that camera and say what's on your mind. You mean just off the cuff?  Talk to the camera like you're talking to a friend. That's how you'll draw the audience to you. Uh, well, um, hello. I'm Stephanie Forrester. (Chuckling) I've never done one of these things before. Um, well, some of you may know me from the fashion industry here in Los Angeles. And some of you may have read about me, uh, in in the newspaper, in the in the media. Uh,, I've had a run of bad luck recently, um, and like many of you, I lost my job, too. But then I got a little bit lucky. I've ended up in partnership over at, uh, Jackie M. Designs, and so, um, I'm going to do, uh, a webcast every day like this, and I guess I should introduce myself as " the new Stephanie Forrester, A.D. " After Donna. I think what I'll do every day is, uh, in telling you part of our story, I'll, um, I'll take you behind the scenes and tell you and show you all of the dirt and the intrigue that goes on in the fashion design houses. But I'm also going to tell you that fashion is fabulous. It really is. You know, what you wear reflects who and what you are, and what you design reflects who and what you are, and that's Forrester Creations. Eric Forrester used to be a really wonderful designer that's chosen to live his life with, shall we say. a group of bitches in heat? And that being the case, his quality of designs has sort of, well, gone over the cliff. That's not the case at Jackie M. We're into new, youthful ideas. I think on this webcast, I'd like to send a message over there to, um, to Forrester Creations. Maybe you'll join me. I wouldn't buy Forrester Creations. Would you?  Jackie, I need you to listen to me.  About Bridget.  Look, I know that you said that you were okay with my dating her.  Well, absolutely, just as long as my needs are being met. Now be a good boy and look over there. There's something on the table for you.  Well, it's a key.  Yeah. Car keys. but it comes with a company car, and it is a very fast car so that when I call you (meows) you can get here really fast.  Wow, I I mean, I don't know how to thank you.  You don't need to thank me. I should be the one thanking you. Before I met you, I was in a rut. I didn't know who I was. You relit the fire in me, Mr. Knight, and I am not ready for it to go out.  Jackie, look, about Bridget, I.  Come here. Come here. Come here.  You don't have to think, you know. You don't have to think about Bridget. You don't have to think about anything. Just enjoy it.  Look, Jackie, you look, you are my fantasy.   Oh, my God, we are good together.  Oh, yeah can who I can have a future with, and somebody that can that can I can have children with. All right? And Bridget, she needs a man of her word, and I want to be that for her.  Then that is what you should be. You should be a man of your word on the unemployment line. You continue to see Bridget. You can sleep with her, if she'll let you. But you try to put an end to us, and that could be the end of your career.  No, you wouldn't do that to me.  Of course, I would. 
Just press the space bar. All right. Hi. Well, I'm so delighted that you logged in to our website. This is, um, " Inside Fashion " with Stephanie Forrester, and do you know what they told me? They told me we had thousands of hits on our website yesterday. This is so amazing. Yeah. What? Oh. It tells me that you want to hear more of my story and the rest of " The Logan Chronicles. " There'll be plenty of time for me to introduce you to each and every one of the Logans. Believe me. And I'll also tell you how they have brought about the downfall of the Forrester empire. Stephanie Let's start with the current Mrs. Forrester, Eric's wife, " Mrs. Delicious " Donna Forrester. That's how he sees her, and I'm going to tell you  Stephanie? Oh Oh, hi, Donna.  Why does security keep letting you into this building? Uh, maybe it has something to do with the hopeful look on their faces when they say, " Hi, Stephanie. Are you here to stay? " Look, I'm having a little coffee break with my big sister. Is it is that a problem for you, Donna?  Just keep her away from the cutting room and the seamstresses. Oh, Donna. Oh, please don't be concerned at all. We're not going to do an underwear line this year. Your designs are safe.  Yes, well, look, if if the satin doesn't work for you, what about, uh, what about moir silk?  Honey break?  Uh, you know what? I'm gon na check those dye lots, and I'm gon na get right back to you. You're my honey bear.  Come here. Come here. Come here. Mm.   Would you like your honey, um, sur la table or on the hoof?  Ooh. Both.  Mm. Yeah?   We better get started. Well, there she is. Mrs. Delicious Donna Forrester in all her glory. The skeletons are tumbling out of the closet now, Thorne.  Oh, I can't wait to see the look on Dad's face when he hears about this. I don't think honey bear's gon na be too happy.  No, I -no. -(Sighs) (Door-opens)  (Mumbling-indistinctly)  Wait oh  You wanted to go over the production calendar?  Yeah.  Tea I mean, honey for your tea?  Yes, uh, thank you. Yeah.  Right.  Spare me. If I may interest you in real out Mother's webcast on the " Eye on Fashion " web site.  Wait, your mother is doing a webcast?  Hell hath no fury, et cetera, et cetera. She's calling it " The Logan Chronicles. "  (Groans) Stephanie. You know, I ask myself.  Whatever happened to that incredibly gifted designer Eric Forrester? What you see on the catwalks at Forrester Creations, you know, is just now artificial and false. It reflects the way Eric is living and designing. Any person out there, any woman out there, who's looking for class and style is no longer going to find that at Forrester Creations. To say that the Forrester of today is the same as the Forrester of yesteryear, well, that's just plain false advertising.  Hmm. I wouldn't buy a Forrester label if I were you, but then that's just me.  Oh, ho ho. Well, leave it to Stephanie a bug in her ear, you know, about talking up Jackie M. while she's talking down Forrester.  Well, is that an order?  Please don't tell me you're still sulking about last night. Oh, God. You know, all I did was acknowledge, if it weren't already obvious, that your value to me is not solely professional.  Well, that's not very flattering to my abilities.  Oh, ho ho. I made you chief of staff.  Yeah, a glorified office manager.  Well, there you go then, because office managers are not in short supply. But no one could be to me what you are.  Today it's a compliment, but last night, it was coercion.  You're perfectly free to do what you like, but while you work for me, you'll do what I like first. Now what employer doesn't ask that of middle management?  Well  Well, your lunch hour's your own time.  And I'd prefer not to be interrupted.  Well, you better be quick about it. Your job is to come when I call. And my job is to make sure that you never regret it.  Hi. Hi, Jackie. Owen, were we gon na go out for lunch or order in?  Go out.  Order it in.  I am so glad that we ordered in. I do not like dealing with traffic when I don't have to.  Hey, I got to agree with you on that one.  So how's it going with Jackie? Talk about moving up the ranks.  Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I guess.  What does that mean? You don't think you're doing well? I mean, she adores you.  No, I just I don't know. It seems like I make a bad decision every haven't noticed.  Well, when I first started working at Forrester, Felicia offered me a large, large amount of money to do something that, uh, wasn't exactly honest, and, uh, wait a minute. You never heard about this?  What did you say?  Well, I-I said yeah. I said yeah.  Wow. And Felicia and I used to be really close, but, well, there's been a chill in the air ever since my dad married Donna.  Yeah, well, I mean, it it never panned out, so.  Why not?  Well, I don't know. I just felt really lousy about the whole thing, and I blew the whistle. I blew well, blew the whistle on her.  Oh, my goodness. I know all about that temper.   That must not have been very pretty.  No, but the point is that No, the point is, when it came down to it, you did the right thing.  Look, I don't I'm not trying to get you to think less of me. I'm just trying to keep you from being shocked when you do.  Well, good lord, Mother's launching an all-out smear campaign.  Um, where does she get off? I mean, isn't there something criminal about what she's doing? She's slandering my family and me.  I'm a little more worried about her telling the world not to buy Forrester.  Oh, God, Stephanie.   How can you do this to us?  Maybe we ought to watch the rest of it. You know, at Jackie M ., we're absolutely determined to bring to you what, uh, Forrester Creations used to but is no longer capable of. Our designs are going to be youthful, stylish and classy. was no better designer in the business than Eric. See this photo I just put up? That's the Forrester Creations that you knew and loved. Somebody asked me once not too long ago. when did I realize that the emperor no longer had any clothes on. " Oh, " I said, " when I first saw this photograph. " There he is.  That's the real Eric as we know him today, thanks to all those Logan bitches. Well, thank you for logging in and turning on " The Logan Chronicles. " I'll see you tomorrow.  She's not gon na get away with this.  Hmm, well, don't look now, but she already has.  Oh, no. ( Door opens ) ( Door closes )  W-w-well, what about the opera?  Eh, I'm not a huge fan.  Oh, I know. There's just too much standing around and great. Any little dive place that the health department hasn't closed down.  What about the ballet?  Really? N-no.  Yeah.  Those tickets are so expensive. No.  No, come on. Seriously. I can take care of it. I want to take you someplace nice.  Well, I mean, who doesn't like the ballet? Hot men in tights? But that's what the " Spiderman " movies are for, so. What?  No nothing. I I could wear tights to the office tomorrow for you. La da da.    You're pretty darn cute, you know that?  No, no, I'm not. All right? No, I'm bad. And don't you encourage me ,' cause every time you say something nice to me, I'm starting to wonder. I'm like, " is that a green light, or is that a you exactly?  " Merge "?  I guess I'm probably " yield " proceed with care, unless you see trouble ahead.  Hmm. Looks to me like it's all clear. (Cell-phone-rings) (Ring)  It's okay. Get your phone. (Ring)  (Groans) Owen Knight.  (Meows)  Okay, can I call you right back? I'm right in the middle of a meeting.  At the tone, pacific daylight time will be 1:00 and 1 minute. Beep. Lunchtime's over.  Do you have to go?  Come to the basement, the door marked " under repair. " And you can throw the sign away.  Uh, duty calls.  Well, thank you for lunch.  Thank you for yielding.  You bitter woman. Well, nice to see you, too.  You know, I am not surprised that you would say this about me and my family. I have heard it a hundred for you to say this about Eric my God, your own children, Stephanie. To expose their father to this kind of ridicule how could you? Excuse me. I think you are the person that has made my ex-husband the subject of ridicule. You know, you and he are walking around with blinders on. Hopefully, they'll fall off of him, and he'll see exactly what kind of a fool you have made of him in public.  Oh, what, and then he's going to go back to you? No. That bridge has been burned.  That's right. All I can hope is that someday, he'll get some real backbone, wash his hands of you, and then it'll all have been worth it.  Hello?  Do you see how important my employees are to me? Sally and, oh, she let rust and rot have its way with this steam room. his desk, but I have restored it for the health and the well-being of my very hard-working chief of staff. Please don't just stand there. You're far too overdressed. Why the hurry?  Jackie, we have got a problem.  Oh, yeah. Your clothes are getting soaked.  Look, you knew that I was out at lunch with Bridget.  Mm-hmm, and I waited until 1:00. You had your private time. And now you're back on the clock with me. Tick-tock. Why are you still dressed?  So what does that make me? What does it make me? A callboy?  Why are you making this so ugly? I mean, I thought that we had an understanding.  Look, every man has got a fantasy.  Mm.  And it looks just like this.   It looks like you, and I got to live it. But come on. We've got to face Well, I don't want it to go anywhere. I had two failed, miserable marriages. I don't want a relationship.  Well, maybe I do.  And who's stopping you, hmm? I mean, you want to fall madly in love with Bridget. You want to live happily ever after. Go for it. And you know what? If my son doesn't come to his senses and leave Katie Logan. it might even happen. And I'll be the first to congratulate you. I tell you what, I'll even throw you an engagement party. But you are not even sleeping with Bridget. Or am I mistaken?  No.  Then fidelity isn't a problem, and I fail to see how you being here with me denies either one of you anything. You know, some people, they find the past to be, well, such a burden, but actually, it's the future that is frightening All those problems you have to solve. Mm. You just can't imagine how you're gon na get there from here. But you know what? All you ever have to really get through is today.  And we can do it.  Whatever happens to you, you just reach for the nearest cartoon character. You are the the betrayed, faithful wife. Brooke and I are the blonde bimbos who did you wrong, and Eric is the selfish old goat who who never appreciated your inner qualities. No one is a real flesh-and-blood human being, and and nothing nothing is ever your responsibility. Oh, I see. So I should be what, um, sophisticated and mature like you and say what? Um, " the Logan girls were just following their hearts when the descended upon me and my family like locusts "?  Or could it be that the Forrester men were so starved of love and affection that they just couldn't get Do you really think that your the face that you see in the mirror every morning is the same face that you're going to see a few years from now? You're gon na end up all alone. I'm not alone, because I have my children and my grandchildren. You're not going to have children, because that is not what Eric wants from you, and when all of the honey is squeezed out of the bottle, you'll just be plastic.  I am so tired of your bull. Do you know what the world owes you, Stephanie? Nothing. Nothing. You are not special. You are gon na stop this smear campaign, or I swear to God, the other side of the story will be out in the press. You want a war, babe? I will give you a war. Why can't you just accept the fact that the Forrester men are finally happy? Accept it. Accept it and move on that what they teach you in your etiquette school? Your days are over, toots. Over. 
Katie, you misunderstood obviously. No, I didn't.  Bill Spencer can not suddenly own Forrester because the loan payment was late to the bank. Not suddenly, no. His name isn't on the door, but the process is in motion. There's no stopping Bill now. ( knocking on door )  Come in. ( Door closes )  I wired the funds. I know. That was a bit premature.  Why? What did the board say? Well, you were right, of course. The bank's not interested in being in the fashion business. In fact, we wouldn't be calling the loan if it weren't for the fact that there was an offer on the table to us for more than the assessed value of Forrester Creations.  Well, you didn't think I would nickel-and-dime you, did you? I don't feel good about this.  You know, Mike, maybe banking's not for you. know, a dog walking business. So how long is the whole process going to take the foreclosure, title transfer, blah, blah, blah? That's what I wanted to discuss. I don't think it's in your best interest to act rashly.  You know, you and I, we we must really be connected ,' cause you keyed into one of my favorite things people telling me what's in my interest, as if I don't know.  Oh, my. My nails are appalling. If I don't get a manicure, you're gon na have to sleep in a face protector tonight, darling.  Wait, wait, wait, wait. Listen, the, uh, fabric guy's downstairs. What do you want me to tell him?  Tell him that in today's economy, I am not gon na pay $39 a yard even for spun gold. Won't be long.  Hey, Leon who?  I don't know. You tell me.  Do I know a Leon?  You're the one who has an appointment with him today.  I-it's " Lee-ah, " my manicurist.  Oh.  Pam's handwriting's almost as good as her typing, isn't it?  Look, I'm sorry.  No, you don't have to be. It's all right. I-I realize you've heard  Look, hey, hey, I'm fine, all right? We are fine. I'm sorry, all right?  Won't be long.  I was pretty sure I would know when this day came, and I was right.  What day is that?  You've shown a lot of tenacity and character sticking by Forrester when your brother and your sister and your mother couldn't. They all abandoned ship. And you showed a lot of maturity, the way you've things that have threatened to tear this company apart. I think maybe the transition's already begun.  What transition would that be?  To you taking over for me. Uh, I'm sorry, Katie, but  Me me, too, and I thanks for letting us know. Am I missing something? Is this funny?  No, Katie, of course not. No. No, it's it's just, I don't think you understand the concept of sole proprietorship.  There's no stock to buy up. You see, Eric owns Forrester. Not anymore.  Well, it's not for sale, Katie, and especially not to Bill Spencer of all people. Okay, maybe you're right. Maybe I don't understand exactly what's going on here, but let me tell you what I do understand. Eric borrowed money against the company, and he couldn't The bank has been letting us skate with partial payments, which has only be nudging us into negative equity. And today, Bill signed a letter of intent saying that he would buy the company, pay off Eric's loan and all the debts, and indemnify the bank against legal action. But what do I know? Uh, but  We we made the payment. The loan has been foreclosed. They just haven't had time to give official notice. I thought you might want to hear it from me, but if you'd rather talk to a grown-up, you can call Bill or the bank.  Hi.  Uh, hey. I think that Stephanie's out taking no prisoners.  Mm. Beating her chest again? Yeah, that's usually a diversionary tactic.  Well, she seems okay to me today. But, um, I'm gon na remember that.  Do. It wouldn't hurt beatin' your chest Create a diversion?  To get the respect you deserve.  What are you saying? That I don't get the respect that I deserve?  No, not for me to say.  Listen, is there something that you know that you're not telling me, Steffy?  Look, I know you love Jackie. She's great. But your trust took a beating, and I don't see how she can blame you for that.  Well, look, I mean, it's it's been a challenge. It has, but, uh, you know, I'm working on it. I'm trying to get past it.  Yeah, it's got to be hard. Of course, it was a long, long time ago. But how do you get past finding out the person that you marry isn't who you thought they were? Withdraw your asset purchase agreement, Bill, committing you to purchasing Forrester. .  And how is that in my interest? Look, you're putting up more than Forrester will be worth in six or eight months. He's going down. He's going under. They can't pay their bills. You've forced me to to accelerate the process.  I forced you? But by waiting until they have no choice but to default, you'll save yourself a fortune. And then nobody will be the bad guy.  Hmm. So that's what this is all about? You're willing to do your bank out of my overly generous offer to buy Forrester Creations because you don't like wearing the black hat. I've been Eric Forrester's banker for a long time. I've come to consider him a friend.  Yeah. Yeah, well, I-I get that. I do. Everybody hates sticking it to a friend, even if he has it coming, even if he's sitting on what he a grab for it, but that would make you the bad guy. Who likes being the bad guy? Nobody. That's why God made me.  Why wouldn't the bank get ahold of Eric first? Ridge tried to call Michael. They said he was out. People don't like having hard conversations with people who's life's work they're confiscating. Actually, " busy " is what they said.  You knew about this? Everyone knew that Bill wanted Forrester Creations. Eric knew.  No. No. The the business with the late payment. Who's fault is that? Listen, this doesn't have to be a catastrophe. It really doesn't. Capital is what we've needed. Spencer Publications has it. Bill wants us all to stay on. Did you try to reason with him? Of course I did. You have no idea. Of course, but Bill isn't gon na just because he fell in love with me. Love? Yeah.  Are those your words or his, Katie? His.  Oh, my God, he thought of everything. Excuse me? Katie, I'm sorry, but it's obvious. Bill Spencer is using you.  No, you're wrong. Bill is not using me.  Katie, I know it hurts, but you you can't say that you weren't warned. I guess there's just no possible way that he could actually care for me. It's not your fault, Katie. We all know that. Of course this is not my fault. Uh, what possible role could I have played in any of this?  Well, you're playing it now, aren't you? How, exactly?  You just told us to look on the bright side of things. Bill is for myself. He knows he can't run Forrester without us. And yet here you are. You're telling us what a good thing it would be for us to stay on and work under Bill. We're employees. We work for someone regardless. I-I think our first concern has got to be making payroll. No, my first concern is trying to figure out how I'm going to tell my husband that the future he's been groomed for has disappeared.  And how to tell mine.  That he has no legacy to leave behind.  Okay, you're not going anywhere, all right?  No, no. Not not quite yet. I want to stand with you and get this company, but it will feel good to loosen my grip a little bit.  What are you gon na tell Thorne and Felicia?  I'm not gon na tell them anything. They've been expecting this for a long time. They'll both be happy about it, too.  Dad, I'm honored that you would entrust your greatest accomplishment to me. Thank you. I promise you, I will not let you down.  Well, Forrester isn't mine. You and your mother, Brooke, all of us, we've had a hand in its success. But if I'm allowed to take credit for anything with my name on it, my greatest accomplishment is you. Regardless of anything, I take a great deal of credit for the man you've become.   I'm proud of you, son. Come here.  Thank you, Dad.  So are you asking me if I think of Jackie differently now? Or are it hard to understand as your friend. You know, when you guys first got together, everyone thought that you were after her money.  But Jackie knew better. She always did.  Yeah, maybe. Maybe. But she didn't hesitate to use what people thought. The indulge campaign? She kind of sort of played with the idea on the runway, on magazine covers. Jackie M ., the rich, powerful cougar in control, and Owen, the hot, delicious, tantalizing, expensive boy toy. In reality, she was the one who  Well, you can say it. When all the time, she was the one who. now, come on. Listen. I don't believe that something that happened so long ago should affect my relationship now. And I thought you told me you agreed with me on that.  I-I do. I-I did. It's just got to be hard to put behind you.  Hi.  Yeah. Leah didn't show up. Oh, my. Don't tell me that fabric rep is still waiting.  Oh, gosh. All right, listen, I will, uh, be right back, all right?  Steffy. How very charming of you to stop by and interfere in my marriage. You're more like your namesake than I realized.  I'm sorry you had to hear that.  Yeah, I bet you are.  Owen is my friend, and I just tell him what I think.  You've never wanted for anything, have you, Steffy? I mean, you grew up in a mansion. You're a trust-fund baby. Daddy, he paid all your bills. It's very easy for you to stand here and judge me. Your life is just. it's an open book, because you've never had a life. But give yourself a few years. foolishness and fear they will take their toll and then voila There's gon na be a mistake or even two that you're not real anxious to tell the world about.  But plenty of women know need and never did what you did. It's a pretty big secret to keep from your husband, don't you think?  You say that you're his friend and that you're only looking out for him. But I think you've got a crush on him.  Jackie, I am not a home wrecker. And I do not want to steal your husband. You guys just got married so quickly and impulsively. You guys are just two completely different people. And I know this is difficult for Owen, and that he loves you very much. But sometimes, it's more than love in a relationship. Jackie, you know what I mean. And I just wonder are you what's best for Owen?  Oh,, you didn't expect them to greet you with a ticker tape parade, did you? Mm. I couldn't face Eric.  Well, he could come, uh, blowing through that door at any time. What makes you think they'll stay? Eric, Ridge, any of them?  It's what they do. It's what they know. They're name's still on it. They hate your guts.  Yeah, well, they better take a number. Was I your plan to make them stay?  My plan was to buy that company and get it out of debt, pay them all salaries. Why do you ask? It's what they think Brooke, Donna. They think I'm being used. Am I being used, Bill?  Your sisters love you. They're worried about you being caught in my evil clutches. Frankly, uh, I don't think they have enough respect have to say.  But they will learn to respect you. I'll see to it. And just for the record, if I'm ever going to, uh, use you in one of my diabolical schemes, I'll tell you up-front. I may be underhanded, but I'm not ashamed of it.  Eric.  Oh, hi, honey. Come in. Com in. I'm just looking at  I have been looking all over for you.  Well, I've been looking for this map here.  A-a map of what?  Yeah. Oh, here here it is. The Italian alps. You've never been there, have you?  No.  Wait till you see this place. Oh, I think it's I think it's maybe the most beautiful place in the world. I've I've taken the train through there. I've spent the night. I it's a fantasy of mine to get place on Lake Garda and just live there six months a year when I retire.  So you talked to the bank then?  The bank? Why?  Eric. there something you need to know.  Something's happened. I know.  Dad tell you? Katie.  Hmm. You know, it's funny. I'd, uh, didn't really think about it anymore. The last 10 or 15 years, I've been nursing this sense of entitlement " why doesn't dad step down? It's my turn to take things over. " But I finally let go of all of that me, me, me stuff. I just wanted the company back on its feet for our children. So when dad finally told me he thought I was ready to take over the company from him, I knew he was right. (sighs)  Wait a minute. What that what you came in to tell me, is it? No. Bill Spencer never gives up.  So what is that to us? He wants Forrester.  Well, he can't have it. He believes he can, and he believes he already does. 
This is just unbelievable. They're foreclosing on the loan? We were late on a payment, and Bill just swooped in.  We were only 39 minutes late. I know.  That doesn't justify all this. He's not gon na get away with this. We will fight Spencer with everything we've got. That's all there is to it. But what if it's not enough this time? What if we lose Forrester forever?  You think I have a crush on Owen?  Well, I'm told all young girls do.  You make it sound like I'm 13 and Owen is like a Jonas brother.   Next you're gon na be accusing me of putting his poster up on my bedroom wall.  No, I am not accusing you of anything, but I am not blind, and I see how women react around Owen every day, how captivated they are by his dazzling good looks and his charm. So it's no wonder the day, he always comes back to me.  Well, not always. You told him about your past, and then he moved to the beach house.  Yes, he did, but he came back to me a few days later, which says everything about the strength of our relationship and why you should not be trying to stir things up.   I'm sorry you had to go through that. I just really wanted my sisters to understand.  You don't expect much of yourself, do you? What's next? World peace? Brooke and Donna think I betrayed them. The more I think about it, I wonder if they're right.  Yeah. Yeah.  You know, I shouldn't feel this way about my own sister.   But for Katie not to have warned us about what Bill Spencer was up to, it's just  I know.  It's unconscionable. her salary.  Ah, so you've heard? I told him everything.  We got ta put a stop to this, Dad. No stupid technicality is gon na cost us our life's work.  I put a call in to the corporate attorneys. Uh, Gloria's on her way over here right now. Oh, here she is.  I just spoke to the bank. The confirmed what you told me. The Forrester loan is being called in.  Which leaves us where, considering Dad's company is the collateral for this loan?  Well, first let me say I seriously doubt the bank would be moving on this if another buyer weren't waiting in the wings. But apparently, Spencer's already wired the funds to buy the company out of foreclosure.  Then we need an injunction stop this process while we figure this out.   My associates are already on it.  This company that we love is under sittin' around waitin' for something like this to happen so he could take advantage of it. If Bill Spencer thinks he's gon na pull this off, he's delusional. We're gon na fight him. We'll fight him with everything we have.  You would be far better off spending your time looking for a nice unattached young man, rather than wasting your time with something that's over and done with.  You're sure it's really done?  Yes. Yes, I'm sure that Owen has forgiven me.  So you and Owen are back to normal? Even after he found out about how you  Oh, my. You certainly are a very direct young woman, aren't you?  Owen is my friend.  The question is, would you like him to be more?   Oh, hi. Well, here he is. Ask him yourself.  Listen to me. Don't 're saying these things because you're involved with me, the Svengali who has you helplessly in his spell. Hmm.  But that's not true. I can't con you. You're way too sharp for that. You read me too well. But if you still need some reassuring. No. I want to trust you. I-I-I want to believe in you.  Then do. I know in my heart that you're not using me, despite what my sisters think. I know they're wrong. Is this a bad time?  A bad time? Yes, this is a very bad time, indeed, Michael. We thought we could count on you. This is the last thing that I wanted to happen. But. I don't own the bank. I have people that I have to answer to. And given today's business climate, it's uncertain and I'm sorry. I there are certain eventualities and including that huge risk that you took when you leveraged the company to expand the the chain of boutiques. Now I know it sounded like a sound investment at the time. But it hasn't paid off. And because of that, the bank now owns more of Forrester Creations than the Forresters do. We were less than an hour late on our payment. Look, I take no satisfaction in seeing how this is affecting you people. But I'm afraid that it's something you'll have to accept.  No. No, Michael, look. We took out that loan in good faith. And we've done everything we possibly could to live up to the terms of that agreement, and we will continue to do that if that means selling off even even more assets. My God, you've been our banker for a very, very long time. I should think that you would give us a chance to pay back to you if I could. But my hands are tied.  Michael, you need to go to your superiors and convince them this is gon na be great for the bank and for us. Otherwise we're gon na tie this whole thing up in court. It's gon na be very unpleasant for all of us. Nobody is gon na rip Forrester Creations out from under us not now. Not ever.  Darling, Steffy and I have just had the most insightful conversation, haven't we? She's concerned for your happiness.  Yes. Yes, I am. But you already knew that.  Come on. I mean, Steffy, I'm fine. You don't have any reason to be concerned.  There, you see? There is no cause for concern. Darling, I'm gon na go home, and I'm gon na wait for you. And I'm gon na show you just how fond I am of you. I'm I'm sorry about that. You know Jackie. Sometimes she just has a tendency to like to, uh, put everything out there.  Well, hey, it's kind of the story of her life, huh? But I bet it's one of the many things you love about her. She's lucky to have an understanding husband like you.  Look, Steffy, I'm not perfect at all, and, you know, to be honest, I I don't know. The way that I imagined my marriage would be and and the way that it's turning out  Hey. Hey. Whoa. Now I'm gon na have to question. Owen, is this really want you want? Because if it is, I'm really happy for you. But if there's changes or if you see things differently, is this marriage gon na give you everything you want?  This waiting's making me crazy. I know. But it hasn't been that long. He probably hasn't had a chance to talk to the other bank officers yet.  Let's just hope when he does, they agree to what we're asking.  Which would be what, exactly?  Look, Bill, if you have come to gloat, I'd say you're a little premature.  Our attorneys are already working on an injunction. We are going to fight this every step of the way.  I never assumed otherwise, though I'm sorry you can't see what I'm offering as an opportunity.  Opportunity? For you, maybe. Ridge, please. Just listen to what he has to say. I can't believe you're taking his side on this, Katie.  Oh, my God. This man has brainwashed you.  No, no, I really haven't. You see, what all of you apparently can't grasp is the record, she loves this company as much as all of you.  Save your breath, Bill. We're not interested.  Not interested? Really? Okay. Y-you're not interested in getting this huge financial albatross off your back? Because that's what I'm offering. I buy Forrester Creations from the bank. It becomes a whole new company, part of the Spencer empire. You and Ridge and Brooke and everyone critical to the company success remain. It's business as usual, except you don't have that ax hanging over your head. No more huge loan payments. You're free to do what you love most and do best design. And Forrester Creations will have the ability to become an international powerhouse instead of this little father-son deal you have going here.  Bill, Forrester Creations is one of the biggest fashion houses in the world already.  Yeah, and it's, uh, sinking, Ridge, faster than a mafia snitch in cement I think we could all work this out with only minimal executive changes.  And what's that supposed to mean?  Well, when I take over a company, I need to have someone I trust implicitly running the show. Now the three of you have sort of shared power over the years. And for obvious reasons, uh, that is not in my best interests.  You're bringing in a new C.E.O.? A stranger from the outside?  No, no, no, no. I would be someone, uh, that you, uh, know and trust and respect.  Yeah, well, not that it's gon na happen, but but who? I mean, give us the name. Who is it?  Naturally, someone with strong management skills and, uh, vision. Someone who knows and understands Forrester Creations.  Oh, damn it, Bill. Just tell us who it is.  The new, uh  What?  You know, you've got this way of just, uh, just cuttin' right through, don't you?  Yeah, my mom's a psychiatrist, so I guess it kind of rubbed off.  Well, okay then. Well, let me have it. I know you've got something to say, so, uh, say it.  Okay. Jackie is incredible. She is like this force of nature that just sucks you in, but before you realize it, her life is your life, and she's in control, and you're just wrapped up in it. And it's not like she does it on purpose. It's just how  It's just Jackie.  Yeah. And now you're being asked to accept things you didn't even know about her. Like, how does that work?  I-I don't know. I mean, I'm still trying to figure that out it doesn't.   Work.  Well, these are the questions that you have to answer. You're a terrific guy, Owen. And you deserve to be in a relationship that's equal and that fulfills you. I just don't think Jackie can give that to you.  It's just something to think about, okay?  Yeah.    Listen to me, Steffy. I believe you when you say that you're not a home wrecker. But you're getting too involved. I need this to be the last time that you enter this building, and I need it to be the last visit that you pay my husband. Please.   You can't be serious.  You're proposing Katie as our new C.E.O.? Our sister would never agree to that. Would you, Katie?  Katie, you're way too smart to let him push you into this.  Am C.E.O.  You're part of this plan. You support the takeover, and then he makes you head of the company? No, Eric. It's not like that. I didn't want this to happen, but Bill has some good points.  What points? Forrester Creations needs capital. He's got it. We don't.  So you think we should just let him take our family company here?  This is the company that we've spent our lifetimes building. I think that he's explained how this would work. It's a sound plan, and that way, both of you can focus on fashion, not finance. We have financial problems, but this isn't the answer.  I think it is, Brooke.  Come on, Katie. You have to realize you're not qualified to be C.E.O.  What do you think, Katie? You couldn't run this place? You do what he said.  I think your sister has a lot more chops than you give her credit for. She's done a masterful job with your P.R.  Oh, that's a lot different than being C.E.O.  Absolutely. But she knows the company. She has vision. The Royalty campaign a smash hit, right? Katie's idea.  That's one example.  Yes, but it gave me insight into her talent and creativity. I have the utmost confidence in your sister. Thank you.  You don't have to thank me. Just tell them how you feel. You won't do this, Katie. You can't do this to your family. Do what to my family? Brooke, the last thing I want to do is hurt any of you. And you're right, Ridge. I do lack experience. But sometimes you have to step up and do things that you're not entirely prepared for. Brooke, you've done it. I am not an advocate for this takeover. I never have been. But I am a huge advocate for this company's survival. And let's face it, we're drowning.  Because of him. Your boyfriend's puttin' the screws to us. Oh, come on. Our financial problems are not Bill's fault, and you know it. This has been building for months, years. And in this economy, it's finally caught up with us. Bill is going to buy this company. There is nothing you can do about that. You are not going to change his mind. As much as you hate it, it's going to happen, and if he feels like I'm the person to lead us through this transition, then I am  I do. That's exactly how I feel. You don't want a stranger running this company. I don't want someone I can't trust. That in her, and she has your best interests at heart. That makes her the perfect intermediary.  Honey, this isn't going to work. It's wrong. And he's manipulating you. Don't do this, Katie. Just say no. I love this company, and I want to save it. Bill believes in me. And I think you should accept his offer. Let Forrester Creations flourish under the Spencer empire. And as your C.E.O ., I will make sure that nothing changes around here. I promise you that. Our C.E.O.? Our C.E.O.? No. No, Katie. You can't do this. What is that man doing to you? 
Stephanie, just stay out of this. You're the one that's butting in. It's Taylor's name that's on the sales agreement, isn't it? Butting in? I spent most of my life trying to make Forrester a success. I have far more right to ownership than Taylor does.  I know it seems this way, but it isn't me versus Brooke. She's your wife. She's always gon na have a place at the company. She shouldn't get to own it, not after the way she let Katie and Bill treat you and granddad.  What's, uh, what's going on?  Brooke wants mom's part of the company, and we can't let her have it. Somebody has to play peacemaker here, Bridget. She's carrying our child.  She's a surrogate. She's a provided service. She's not our friend. She was.  She lied to me. She asked my husband Now I understand that you feel betrayed here, and this goes back into our past, and it's my fault here. She had no idea  She's a threat, Nick. Would you at least talk to her?  No. I have no interest in saying anything to her. I'll do what's necessary for the baby, but I don't want anything to do with Agnes.  Oh. S-sorry. I didn't know anyone was here. I'll leave. No, no. You stay put. You. you stay put, too. Sit down here. So how are you feeling?  Okay.  You still taking your pills?  I have an appointment with Dr. Caspary to talk about how they make me feel the side effects.  Good. But you took one this morning.  Yes.  And you'll keep taking them until Dr. Caspary gives you a new prescription ,' You'll take them for the baby, because that's your priority, right?  The ownership deal is done. We'll make some adjustments provisions for you, your brother, Thorne and your aunts. Right now what the more important thing is the company is ours. It's back in our hands. Now whether we operate this company with your mother or Brooke, Bill and Katie are still gone.  But if mom sells her share to Brooke, nothing's gon na change. Uh, how can you say nothing will change? Dad and and Eric will be in charge again.  Yeah, and your mom and my grandma are gon na be at each other's throats. The office will still be a war zone. Is this why I got the company back? You see, this is exactly why I wanted to speak to Taylor alone. I bet you did. And fill her full of hogwash we could talk like two adults woman to woman caring about our children's legacies. If you are concerned about your children's legacy, you will not listen to one word she has to say, and you know it. Taylor, you don't need to be a part of this company. There's really absolutely no reason for you to be involved in this business. I can think of a hundred reasons why you shouldn't be involved in this company. She just wants to spite me. She wants to right all the wrongs that she thinks that I've done to her and her family through the years. She doesn't give a damn how it's going to affect you and your family. All right, my motives are completely selfish. I admit it. Taylor, I can't do this alone. I would love to believe that my ex-husband and your ex-husband have learned a very valuable lesson in life that their new am not so sure that they have learned that. That means all the decisions that get made in the boardroom will then eventually be overturned in the bedroom. We can't have that. Your daughter has given us an extraordinary opportunity here. Please take it. I need to talk to Eric and Ridge. Why? It's your decision. You gave me your input, and I think it's only fair that Eric and Ridge have a chance to give me theirs.  I don't need you to remind me of my priorities.  No? Were you thinking of the baby when you decided to chase down Graham? Or were you thinking about the life inside of you when you put your own life in danger? Okay, okay. Now that night was a difficult night for all of us.  Really? It wasn't for me, actually. I didn't know about anything going on until I got called to the think that this energy is probably good for the baby. Do we all agree on that?  Nick's right. This isn't good for anyone. Hey, Aggie, are those files from my mother?  I didn't want them to fall through the cracks just because Stephanie's leaving, so. Okay. You think maybe you could just put them here on the desk with a little note from my mother explaining what they are? Thanks. Hey.  Honey, I know you think I'm being too hard, and I'm probably making the situation worse. (Quietly) No, no. Now wait a second. I'm not judging anyone here. I'm just saying that, you know, this negativity or how you feel about her can't be good for the baby.  I know.  (Sniffles) (shivers)  Look, I am not the bad guy here. She deceived me. I have every right to be upset. tried to get to know her again.  Nick, I know this is not how you want things to be. I don't either. It's really breaking my heart. But the truth is I just want the pregnancy over, and I want that woman out of our lives forever.  If you want things to get better, then things have to change completely. So get rid of the Logans?  Oh, no. I am not going anywhere. And neither are my mother and I. I knew it. She called you from the car.  Who? Taylor. She couldn't make this decision on her own. She wanted her whole family involved. Stephanie, I hear you. I just want to talk to Ridge and Eric oh, so you called everybody.  Nobody called anyone. Now what's this about? Well, Brooke wants to buy, uh, Taylor's shares. Taylor and I were ready to come to an agreement, and then Stephanie showed up and decided to spew her anti-Logan rant. I simply stated a fact that needed restating. Brooke has no more right to ownership in the company than you do. We're all involved in Forrester Creations somehow. We're all a part of it. And we're all very happy that Ridge and Eric are back in charge. But Steffy wants something more, don't you? Steffy wants her parents back together again. That's why she involved her mother in this deal.  Just admit it. That's what's really going on here. Aggie, this may be hard for you to believe, but this really isn't about you.  Bridget made it pretty clear it is. She's scared.  Of me. No, there's some history here between Bridget and I of betrayal that you're not aware of that Oh. So she really she really isn't mad at me. She's mad at you. Well, whatever the case, this just isn't my wife. She's not this person, somebody that gives orders like this and is treating you like a baby-making machine. It's just not good for either one of you, and I want it to stop. I'd like you to come to the house tonight. I'd like you to come over and have dinner with us.  No, thanks. Pregnancy has given me enough indigestion. Why do you think she avoids you?  Because she hates me. No, no. It's because she doesn't. She wants to hate you. What does she do every time that you come into the room?  She treats me like garbage. And then she runs. If you just come by, sit down and talk, I really think that could help break the ice.  only if you really think it will help. I don't think it can make it much worse.  Is that true? Is that why you want me involved in this? I understand you want your family whole again, but it's not going to happen. Giving control back to your parents and to you grandparents, that was a very lovely gesture. But you have to realize the kind of disappointment you're going to set your mother up for. That's beautiful. So now if I want to prove that I'm over Ridge, then I-I would sell my stake in the company to you? Well, you could sell it to Ridge or to Thorne. Or me.  Oh, no. No, Stephanie would have 50% of the company, and she would have the majority vote. You worried I'd send you and your sister downstairs in the basement to work?  All right, all right. That Look, obviously, there are many differences of opinion here. What's yours, Eric?  You want my opinion? Well, that's why, uh, Taylor dragged us back. To find out what you and Ridge think that she should do before she makes her decision. Uh, Ridge, what do you think? Who do you want to see running the company Brooke or Taylor? Stephanie, you know what Ridge is going to say. Do I?  This isn't just your name on a piece of paper. It's a huge investment. You'd have to leverage everything you own, and there's no guarantee you'd ever see a return. We all know how fickle the banks are these days.  It is a huge risk, Taylor.  It's not about who has more right to be here. We all have a role to play at Forrester. But you also have your own career. to dad, to me, to Thorne, to mother and Brooke. The truth is Brooke's made a huge contribution to this industry, and I think she does deserve the right to buy in to it.  Oh, come on, Dad. What has Brooke done lately? She ratted on us with the Dare line. We would have had the company weeks ago if it wasn't for her.  Steffy, I realize this is not what you want.  I want the company run by Forresters. Mom, with you as the owner, the Logan era is over. I want Forrester back for us. I want it back to its roots. Mom, you got to do this. It's not gon na happen without you. You heard what Ridge said. Yes, I heard what Ridge said, and, um. I know what I have to do. I've made my decision. Ms. Jones, I thought if you don't think you'll be too tired to see him.  Thank you.  Who is Ms. Jones?  I am. Agnes Jones. Sandy Sommers doesn't exist. I made her up.  This is who you've been trusting with our child? Hey.  Hi. She's gone.  I hope you didn't run her out of the company just out of the office.  Don't joke about this. Well, somebody better start laughing around here pretty soon.  I hate feeling this way. I know you do.  You know, every time I look at her, I catch her looking at you. Would you let me try to fix this?  That's so sweet, honey. I don't know that you even can. But but would you just just let me try for you and for the baby?  How? I be easy. But. I think we're out of our comfort zone here, you know? This isn't working out the way we imagined it would. But. you know, all of this negativity and these misgivings, w-we we don't have to be miserable, Bridget. We're still having a baby. So. if you can hang onto that, hang onto me and just know there's nothing I wouldn't do for you, for this baby. I-I get that you all want to get this deal done, and you all want to get on with your lives. But this is. it's a huge decision for me. It's A. you know, it's my life's savings. It's my home that my children grew up in. It's all of my assets. It's an enormous risk. One that you don't have to take. Yes, but so is letting my children's legacy fall into has anything to do with me or the Hope for the Future line No, Hope. Hope, it doesn't have anything at all to do with you. I just hated seeing Ridge being torn between you and Steffy. That's it. And I never want to see him be in that position again. None of us do. Well, no, Brooke, I am not questioning your love for Ridge or your dedication to this family and and this company, okay? I-I know that you have contributed some very crucial elements to this company and made it successful. Anyone in the fashion industry would say that, yes, you've earned your position in this company. And you wouldn't be where you are today if it hadn't been for your ingenuity and a lot of hard work. But also, Brooke, let's get real, okay? You know, you had other ways of getting where you are. Before you pretty much paved your way to the executive suite. No. No. That's not true. That's when I created the Belief Formula.  Uh, look, why are we even talking about this? I mean, I thought we were discussing this company's future. Fine. Okay. Good. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about that right now. This company lost a lot more than its leadership when Bill Spencer took over. It lost its soul, and Forrester has to find a way to get that back. You don't even know this industry. You have little experience. Brooke, I my name is the on the sales agreement, okay? You don't have to convince me that I don't have a right to have ownership here. Well, I-I tried to state my case with you, and you wouldn't even listen. No, I've stood here, and I've listened. I room, and I would just like like to have a chance to ask you to listen to me. T-this is a huge moment for Forrester Creations. We're on the brink of a whole new era. It's an extraordinary moment for this company, and I know we're all excited, and we can't wait to get out there and announce that we're finally free from Spencer Publications. But. what are we gon na say? What are we gon na say is the difference between how we were and and how we are now? What's the difference between being run by Bill Spencer? I mean, do we want to be seen now as as a company that's just all about making profits and and publicity, or or do we want want to be known for for our our integrity and our our loyalty and our honesty and and our commitment to each other and how we take care of each other this company when I first came here. That was the image that I saw, and I just think that we have to get back to that. So my answer is. yes. Yes, I will fund my 25% of my share, and I-I will be honored to be a part of this company with you, Eric and Ridge and Stephanie. It would be a great honor to me. 
I can't believe you're doing this. I can't believe you're still whining about this.  Mom is not selling her part of the company. She's made that very clear, Brooke. What's clear is the influence your grandmother still has over Taylor. Think whatever you like. I'm not changing my mind.  Or how much she has to contribute to Forrester. Oh, wake up, Steffy. This is a fashion house. Your mother is a psychiatrist.  So? Bridget's a doctor, and she's at Jackie M. She's made her mark there.  Okay, you two. Come on. Come on. Let's not belabor this. Taylor made her decision. Even if it's not the decision your father wanted me to make.  Come on, beautiful.  What?  Let's call it a day. Come on.   Let's head back to our place, and we'll stop by Chuck's of wings, and maybe I'll build a fire, and, uh, yeah. I know. What am I saying? This sounds more like your son's idea of a romantic evening.  Mm-hmm.  Lucky for you, your husband is much more imaginative.  Mm.  Ooh, what's wrong? What's wrong?  Um, Nicky was by earlier. He's invited Aggie over to their place for dinner in hopes of relieving some of the tension between his wife and their surrogate.  Ooh, and how does Bridget feel about that? I mean, she does know what Nick's up to, right?  Hey  Hi Oh, my goodness, is it just me, or does Jack have every little girl in the neighborhood and their moms wrapped around his finger? Mrs. Bachman invited him to have dinner again?  She adores him, just like her daughter Amanda does. What can I Okay. A very special Barolo for the very special pasta.  Oh, you're doing your famous manicotti again? (Italian-accent) I can not tell a lie. The pasta it's from that little famous bistro we like.  Oh. I ordered it from there. They're running a little behind.  Oh, they're very good. Thank you. Mm-hmm.  I noticed you set the table for three. Did you forget Jack wasn't eating with us? There's something that I wanted to talk to you about. Someone's gon na join us for dinner.  You invited someone for dinner without telling me? Well, you just got home. I really haven't had a chance.  You could have told me at the office. Well, I did tell you I was cooking dinner.  I know, but I assumed that would be for you and me. ( Doorbell rings ) Or our mystery guest. I'll get it. -Hi. -(Gasps) What are you doing here?  Nick invited me. Which I was just about to tell Bridget, when the doorbell rang.  My God, Nick. This is who you invite for dinner? What are you thinking?  Taylor. No, Ridge. Ridge, it's okay. You voiced your opinion, and you supported your wife like any loyal husband would, and, um, I'm just saying that I intend to make the most of my investment opportunity, and I'm going to do everything I can to make the best future for our children and our family, and never again will Forresters be persona non grata in their own building, not if I have anything to say about it. Which you do, thanks to your daughter. Meanwhile, my mom just gets pushed aside?  Sweetheart, nobody's getting pushed aside here except Bill and Katie. be the most supportive partner to your father and to your grandparents as I can be, because I love them, and I respect them. And I love you, and I respect you. And I'm not going to apologize for that to you or anyone. What exactly are you trying to say? What part of " I'm not going to apologize for loving Ridge " did you not understand? Because he's your children's father. That, too. Not that you have any reason to be threatened. No, no, I'm not threatened. And I am never going to allow my children's legacy to be threatened again. And I'm not going to allow them to be marginalized or fired on a whim. Katie never fired anybody on a whim. And she wasn't naive either something I thought you would never be, but now I'm beginning to wonder. Let me tell you what I'm starting breath and wasting my time when you know. That I am not going to change my mind no matter how much you talk. Now if you will excuse me. Where are you going? Taylor, come back here. I'm busy. We're not finished yet  I very much doubt that Bridget would have agreed to having Aggie over if Nicky had told her in advance.  Instead, he decides to spring it on her at the last minute?  Yeah, but still, things can't go on this way, can they? I mean, Bridget being so harsh to the woman who is carrying their child. It's.  Can you blame Bridget for acting that way?  No, I'm not blaming anyone, darling. I just don't understand how my loving, forgiving daughter-in-law can't get past what's happened. I mean, it is true Aggie wasn't exactly forthcoming about herself, but done.  Thank God. Look, if Aggie would have just been honest from the beginning but no. Instead, she decided to be somebody that she's not, and they chose her to be their surrogate. No wonder why Bridget feels betrayed. I'd feel the exact same way if I wanted a child as badly as she did and I was deceived like that.  Maybe I should just go. No, no. Now you and Bridget are gon na learn to get along again.  Look, I want that as much as you do, Nick, but how's that supposed to happen when your wife won't even look at me?  Oh, please. Don't you dare blame me. I did not create this situation. You did with your secrets and your lies and your outpouring of love for my husband. Okay, okay, okay. Bridget, can we just please  No, Nick, we can't . I don't believe a word that comes out of her mouth, and I thought you understood that. I do understand that, but I believe this is about much more that the situation with Aggie. Now come on. Let's get real here. This has to do with what's happened in our marriage before all this.  The betrayal, the mistrust. And it's about this situation bringing up those old feelings.  No, Nick, I'm not blaming her when I'm still upset with you. I'm sorry. You're wrong. I have dealt with those feelings. And you can deal with this. You can, because you're the most kind-hearted, level-minded woman that I know. And I know this isn't what you want. You told me this isn't how you want this baby brought into the world, with all the stress and tension. I know that, and it can change. That can change. That's why tonight's so important. You do know that what your mother did to mine is unfair, right? Or, hey, maybe that was your real motivation for getting the company back putting your mom in power over mine.  It's not about that, Hope. Look, Steffy, my mom's not a quitter. She is not going to give up, and she will chase Taylor all over L.A ., and she will get her place back at Forrester.  Mnh-mnh. I don't think so. Not so fast, Taylor. I have more to say to you, and you're gon na listen, whether you want to or not.  It hasn't gone away, has it?  What?  Your desire to have a baby. That's why you're so supportive of Bridget, because you know what it's like to want a baby so much, to want to be a parent, .   You are my family. You are. But you're right. I do still think about it.  Nick, of course I care about the baby. Which is why we all need to find a way to get along.  Look, Bridget. (Laughs-nervously) I-I-I know that you would probably rather if I wasn't the woman carrying your baby right now, but I am. You know, it's a little late to turn back the clock. I'm gon na be in your guy's lives. I'm  Yeah. Until this pregnancy is over and the baby's born, yes, you will. And not a second longer.  Wow, you really do hate me, don't you?  No, Agnes, I hate your lies, and I hate that you've taken this time that should have been so beautiful for my husband and me. ( Cell phone rings ) Sorry. (Ring) Hey, n uh, no, no. No, we need that account. Uh, give me a second, and I'll dial you right back. Thanks. I got to make a call. Are you two gon na be okay?  I-I'm sure that Bridget would be more comfortable if I just left. No, no, you stay put, both of you. A lot we need to talk about.  Give it up, Hope. Your mom's out, and my mom's in. Oh, you aren't fooling me for a second, Steffy. There's more to this business deal with Bill Spencer than you're telling me, and I-I can't help but wonder what you did to make it happen.  Well, I can be very persuasive. Oh, obviously. But how?  Let's just say I didn't take a page out of " the Logan handbook. " But naturally you would think that becausen't act like you are so " holier than thou. " We both know that you're not as innocent as you claim to be.  Don't go pointing the fingers at me, okay, when it takes a scoreboard to count how many men your mom has slept with and marriages she's ruined. Oh  Oh, come on, you two. Stop. This is like listening to Taylor and Brooke all over again.  Well, that's not fun, is it?  Look, I don't want this goin' on between you two, okay? So just stop. Let your mothers duke it out if they have to, all right? Must you always be so melodramatic? Must you always be so hypocritical? How am I being hypocritical? How are you being hypocritical? When you get the chance, Taylor, you just thumb your nose at it. Oh, so me not selling my portion of the This company means so much more to me than it could ever mean to you. Oh, okay, so that means by your way of thinking that I am less deserving? You are not even interested in fashion. You don't know anything about it. And how could you? I mean, look at the way you dress. Oh, oh, be careful. Be careful. You are talking to your new boss. Oh, please. I'm just saying it's ill-gotten gains. No, I'm just saying sometimes you win and sometimes you lose. Today you lost. So suck it up and get over it, Brooke. I mean, you really don't have any other choice, do you? Oh, no. No, you don't.  Look, I realize it's a little tense between your moms right now. " A little tense "?  When the dust settles, I have peacefully coexist.  If not, adios, Brooke. Whoa, whoa. Why should my mother be the one who has to go? She's devoted her life to this place.  No one is going anywhere. We're all gon na pull together. We're gon na work hard to make Forrester the success it once was.  Yes, we have a long way to go. But your mothers are gon na work things out, and I'm betting they can do it. Who knows? Maybe one of these days they'll even become best friends. I-I'm sorry. Our mothers? Friends?  You're kidding me, right?  Look, I know it doesn't seem likely. But at the moment, yes, that is my hope. Will you stop following me? Taylor, I just need you to listen to me. I've heard every whiny word you have to say, and it my mind. Give it up. Well, then, I'll just keep hounding you till till you do. You can't get away from me, Taylor. (Groans) You should know that by now. (Groans) You really want to do this for all of L.A. to hear? Yeah. I have nothing to hide. Oh, so you don't mind if all of L.A. hears the real reason you're so upset about me taking over at Forrester? What was that? Because you feel threatened? Because of my marriage to Ridge and the fact that we had children and a family together, and I made him very happy, and I gave him a life of stability and peace? Oh, please, I share those same things with Ridge, plus I made a huge contribution to a company that he loves the Brooke's Bedroom line. Oh, right, so you had another chance to prance around in your underwear largest revenue draw for Forrester ever. What have you contributed to the company? You worked there what, a week, a month? Oh, and was breaking up Eric and Stephanie's marriage part of your contribution or one of your many scandals or one of the many embarrassments you've caused this company? You've had a few indiscretions of your own, Taylor. Yes, I have made mistakes, but I took responsibility for them, and I did what I could to correct them. I'm not the woman who slept my way through the corporate ladder. And of course, let's not forget, every time you have a problem with Ridge, you just seduce your way back into his life. Sexuality is not a crime. You're just an up-tight therapist, and you couldn't satisfy Ridge. I feel sorry for you, actually. It's sad the way you kind of pine after Ridge. I don't pine after Ridge. any more than you did when you lured him to the altar this last time, and the minister pronounced you " man and horse. " Don't start that. Remember that? Stop it. " Man and horse. " Stop it. " Man and horse. " It's not funny. Aah Now that's funny Aah (Grunting) Aah (Grunts) Ooh How's that? Oh, no you Aah Stop it Listen, I Aah Stop. Get your hands off me. Or your lingerie ooh (Coughs) (Groans) Aah That's it Those shares are mine Aah  Hey.  Mm. Mwah.  Maybe we should stop by Nick and Bridget's.  Oh, no, that won't be necessary. Nicky's there to referee.  " Referee "?  . Come on.  I meant what I said. More than anything in the world, I want to work this  I think you should leave, Agnes.  Bridget, wait.  Look, Nick should not have invited you. I'm really sorry, but you need to leave my home, and don't come back.  Bridget, I know that I messed up. I'm sorry, okay, for everything.  Oh, don't touch me.  I want to fix this, but how am I supposed to do that when you won't even listen to me?  Don't say another word.  Come on  I am not the problem here.  Bridget, just hear me out.  No Listen to me. I trusted you with the most precious thing to me in the world my child. And from the moment we met, you played me, and then you made a play for my husband what your mother heard  I'm over it. I'm sick of hearing about your fake apologies and your fake remorse. The only thing I want from you is a healthy baby. What happened? Agnes? Oh, my God. Agnes Agnes What happened? Aggie?  Agnes? Oh, my God. She fell oh Aggie? Aggie, can you hear me?  Oh, my God, the baby. Oh, my God. Oh, dear God, please no. No. 
I've never been so terrified in my whole life.  Of me. Of losing you.  Well, don't consider yourself too off the hook. I didn't say I'm happy. I just really thought you were going to hate me.  Every man's fantasy is a wife who's ready and willing every moment of the day.  I guess we can just consider this the downside. Oh. Ridge, please don't joke.  Logan, you're shaken enough for both of us.  Does Oliver know that you were you and not Hope? Okay, well, I'm getting in the water. I mean, whatever my parents are doing, they must well, I don't know. They're usually more like teenagers than I am, so.  Ma maybe I should go. What? Why? No, whatever's keeping them, it isn't you. No, they just . I'm leaving tomorrow.  I wonder, does your dad keep a gun? What?  His mother does. Aggie told me. Why, are you afraid there's gon na be some kind of shotgun wedding before I leave to keep you faithful?  I hate myself for telling you to go. Uh, hi. Did you want to see me?  No. Nobody told you? Apparently not. I just got off a plane from New York and was gon na come to work and clear off my desk.  Oh, it's been taken care of. This is my office now. I can see that. Since when?  Since my mother and my grandmother gave it to me. You could probably have Brooke's office. She won't be needing it. May I ask how you managed to pull this off?  Me? Yeah.  She feels it's in her best interest now. Oh.  She's talking Donna out of taking half of Granddad's share of the company as we speak. Really?  Yeah. You know that's not going to happen?  You can ask her. She should be here any minute. Okay. is this campaign of yours against Hope and and my mother, is it because I hurt you in the past?  No. No. You know, I-I think I slept with you so I could tell myself that finally, finally I have taken something from your mother, not the other way around.  Childish, sure, but I don't have to play those games anymore. I have more reliable methods. (Sighs-heavily) God, this is crazy. This is all happening so fast. I mean, why why am I leaving, again? I mean, hon honestly, if I didn't feel like it would make you think less of me . Then I don't want to go. I don't. And I know that sounds hopelessly immature.  No. Yeah, well, it it will to my parents.  Uh. I wish I'd never met you and and I was meeting you now, tonight. W-why? I-I-I don't understand that.  I'm sorry if I ever let you think that I'd ever want to spend even one day without you. (Sighs)  I thought he and Hope were not having sex. Ridge, they're not.  Well, obviously, he's biding his time if two words from you were all it took. They are so much in love. He was horrified.  Yeah, I'll bet. He was. He was devastated at the thought of losing her and how it might hurt Hope if she were to find out.  Logan, can you not pick right now to tell, that's not what I'm saying. Hope's only leaving for Boston because she thinks that that's what Oliver wants her to do. I-I guess I'm more to blame than he is. I really thought it was the best choice. We just needed to protect her.  Well, if the truth comes out, what does it matter where she is when she hears it? Ridge, I'm sorry. But this is part of Steffy's plan. This is another one of her conditions for keeping quiet. She wants Oliver to stop seeing Hope and start seeing her. (Sniffs) Honey. I have to tell them that I don't want to go.  Maybe they'll be having second thoughts, too. No. No, they will want to kill me.  You're just changing your mind. (Groans) Yeah, one too many times.  It's my fault. I-I sold you on Boston. No, She may see it differently now. If if they're up there making plans right now, I-I well, I have to try. I have to.  Okay. I'll I'll go then. Wait. What? No, no, no, no, no. No, I'll be right back.  You might not. Wait for me.  If you want. Wish me luck.  But.  Maybe Oliver misunderstood. He didn't. Steffy wants to see what could happen with them. She thinks that they could have something really special.  So she's blackmailing him, too? That's what it comes down to.  She insisted that you leave the company, that Hope goes away to college and she starts dating Oliver, or she goes public. It would be a terrible, terrible scandal. And the worst part for me. My daughter would how she was conceived. So. Oliver and I went along with everything that Steffy wanted, and we thought it was going to be okay, especially when Hope accepted her scholarship in Boston. But then Steffy found out that your father was losing half of his shares of Forrester to Donna. So she decided that she wasn't done with me. And I realized that she would never be done with me.  My real fear is that she's going to tell Hope in spite.  She won't. I'll talk to her. Ridge, I don't like putting you between your daughter and me.  Oh, I think Steffy's already done that. How can I ever thank you. for your love, your support, your understanding. Of something so incredibly insane?  You are still my Logan, as crazy as you make me sometimes. (Sniffles)  No. If anyone's going on their hands and be you, not me. I am paying for 24-7 support, and that's what I'm expecting. (Slams-phone) Hey, did you sabotage my laptop?  I know you'd know how. Maybe it's just picking up some interference from this power trip that you're on.  Oh, what happened to that sweet girl you used to know? I decided to stop being a footstool for people on their way to getting what they want, people like you. I found out that I like being the trampler, not the trampled. Go figure. I see. So you're saying if I'm not careful, I could wake up one morning on a cargo plane bound for Siberia?  Mm. You might want to start emphasizing your sentimental value. Mom? Oh. Hi. Oh, hi, honey. I'm sorry. I-I was you know what? I was gon na go change and come down been crying. You're. You're upset about me leaving tomorrow, aren't you? I it's it's just selfish. Hey, where's Dad? I-I kind of want to talk to you both. I well, he had to actually go do something, and I'm not quite sure when he's gon na be back.  Your parents take off?  You wish. I'm hungry. What's for dinner? The power cable's good.  Would I have power even if it weren't? The Ethernet and the wireless both check out. But there's no connectivity. Yeah.  Did I not tell you guys this on the phone? Well, I'd like to run some diagnostics, try to find out what's corrupted.  Eh, everything gets corrupted around here. It's fine. I'm not in a hurry. ( Knock on door ) Is this what you're waiting for? Brooke said you persuaded her to talk to Donna.  Yeah, a-about her 12.5%, but wait, this says.  Your grandfather and I agreed that you should have it.  Dad, I'm I'm part owner of the company?  Does anyone deserve it more?   Sweetheart, it was all lost. My life's work, my father's life's work, everything. You got it all back. And now you've done it again. You kept it from leaving the family, with Brooke's help.  Uh, w Dad, forgive me for saying this, but Brooke doesn't belong here. Neither does Hope. And if we learned anything, haven't we learned that if we open the doors to outsiders or to anyone who's not in the direct line of you and Granddad, we lose our way? This is this is the air we breathe. You know yourself, and you have it. Phoebe had it. Mom and Grandma. I-I don't think I always lived up to it, but.  You did. You, my dear, are the standard-bearer.  The outsiders don't see it. You know, we try to explain it to them, but they don't have the eye for it.  Maybe you're right. It all feels so much easier now.  I know I'm right.  Oh, I almost forgot.  Hmm?  This is a little something for you.  Dad, what. vice president?  Mm.  Wha  Sweetheart, I am so proud of you. So proud.  Ohh. Ms. Forrester?  What are you looking at? Uh. (Stammering) Well, most of our clients don't look as happy as you.  Not many people have as much reason as I do. Look, I just being frivolous and and not caring about my future or anything Did Oliver leave? No. No, he's still there. We we were waiting for you, and, um, he he said something, actually, that that really. Well, I'm I'm sure you must have noticed that he's not really himself tonight. He said that he wished he had never told me to go away. I'm sure that's true.  Do you have something to say to me?  Uh, Mr. Forrester, I  I'll tell you what you have to say to me. You are ashamed and deeply, deeply sorry.  It's it's true. I-I am.  And you will never breathe a word of what happened between you and my wife to another soul.  I mean, I never will.  This is what's gon na happen. Hope is Well, tha thank you, Mr. Forrester.  And you will never come within 6 feet of my wife ever again.  Right.  Unless she initiates it. Her I trust completely. Is that understood?  Yes. I  Well, all right then.  Wow. I-I can't tell you how relieved I am. ( Groans, -coughs )  That is for thinking you could do such a thing to Hope, " A, " without a condom and, " B, " outside where everyone could see you.  (Coughs)  You will not wait for her to tell you when she's ready. I will tell you when she's ready. Got it?  Yeah. Yes, sir.  Good. I'm glad we had this little talk.  (Coughs) No, thanks. My stomach's. Oh, come on. Come on. Mom, we used to do this all the time, remember? We 'd look at the stars. Yes, I do remember that.  Okay. Thanks.  You just missed Mr. Forrester. Wait, Dad dad was here? Mom, I thought you said that he had a thing. Yes, he told me he had to go talk to Steffy about something really important. I guess he just wanted to stop by and say good-bye to Oliver.  He's a gentleman, all right. Was he in a good mood?  I think he was kind of amazing. Huh. Oh, I can just imagine how relieved he's going to be that he doesn't have to play referee between me and Steffy anymore after tomorrow.  He loves you, Hope. Yeah. Oh. Mom, I. I really don't want to be at odds with Steffy anymore. Honey, I don't blame you for that. Well, don't blame fault. It's just this weird thing that's been built into our family that makes us think we have to be in competition with each other. You know, but I don't feel that way. You know, if if I weren't leaving tomorrow, then I-I would do everything I could to to try and be friends with her again, you know, like we used to be. I'm sure you would. I guess, uh, I guess Dad wouldn't be too happy about that, though, huh? About what? If I, um look, I-I know you think it's it's really important that you follow through with your decisions and and you're responsible with the choices that you make. You know, you've been teaching me that since. forever. But, um. what if you really, honestly think that you made a mistake? You know, just a-a spur-of-the-moment decision that could potentially let it? You have to correct it. And the best way to do that is to start getting really, really honest. Uh, I-I think. One of your drivers is corrupted. It's it's screwing things up. So if I can't fix it, our instructions are to replace and recycle.  Cool. Make sure I get something nice.  Dad Hey Do you like my new office?  I'd like to speak with my daughter.  Oh, m-my laptop had a seizure. Too many Rick radio waves in here, I think.  Guys. Uh, yeah, uh. We're gon na roll. We'll check back.  Okay, so I have some really good news for you.  Would it be about the, uh, piece of the company your grandfather lost in the divorce?  Brooke told you?  That's right.  Why don't everything.  About?  Everything. She never went to Donna. She went to me.  Dad, are you okay?  What do you think?  Look, I-I never wanted you to know, but you can stay with us tonight. Whip and Mom won't mind. We're gon na help you get through this.  Through what?  Look, I know I know it's hard right now. You're in shock.  I'm not leaving Brooke, if that's what you're thinking.  Well, you can't stay with her.  I blame myself for this. I should have seen it coming.  Wait no. Dad, she was unfaithful to you.  But instead, I said to myself, they're all adults. They're all good people. They will find the right relationship without me interfering.  Oh, no, no, no. You can not forgive this. She betrayed . No.  With her own daught  You did. I love my wife. I trust my wife. My judgment of what happened is the only one that counts now. Steffy, I can not let you blackmail her or that boy. You're gon na let it go completely. No more threats. It's over. Do you understand me? 
Blackmail? Dad, I'm telling you the truth. Brooke's at it again. She cheated on you. She had sex with her daughter's boyfriend.  Stop. Stop. Look, I know you're hurting. I know I'm responsible for a lot of this. But lashing out at my wife and her daughter this way? Brooke is returning to the company.  No.  And Hope is only going to Boston if that's what she really wants. You are not forcing either of them out. Is that clear? Honey, this snap decision that you made, that you're suddenly not feeling very good about. Yeah, um, look, I know you have my best interests at heart, and I really don't want to disappoint you. You you could never disappoint me. Even if I said that I really don't want to go to school in Boston, and I'd rather stay in L.A. with you, Dad and Oliver? You know that right? No way.  Oh, yeah. Way.  Ask my brother Oliver. I-I have an unnatural attachment to dry land. Well, you hang out with me, we'll change that. I'll make a sailor out of you in short order.  Does that include teaching me how to tie these cute little sailor knots? I'll give you a crash course after dinner. I did promise to feed you, don't forget.  That's your seat.  Oh, goodie. Let me guess. Chuck's bucket of chicken wings. Dig in.  Blech. You wouldn't happen to have the tofu version in that bucket, would you? You a vegetarian?  Yeah. Don't scrunch up your face, okay? Yes. Yeah. Bridget got me eating healthy when I was her surrogate, and I figured it was the next step going meatless. Fish, na make a sailor out of me, or should I prepare to walk the plank? Thank you for the special delivery. Thank you. (Groans)  My hero Ta da one veggie pizza without an anchovy or pepperoni within miles. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you. Mm.  Mmm, that looks great. I'm starving.  You are my hero. You know that, right? Hmm.  I mean, just for everything you've done for me including letting me keep my job at Jackie M. when clearly Bridget would like me gone. Bridget doesn't decide who comes and goes at Jackie M. My mother and I do, even though my mother and I don't always agree on everything.  You think she's she's crazy for not kicking Owen to the curb, right? I think she's crazy for not seeing where this is headed. Owen's having a bonding experience two people can have, and my mother still thinks he's gon na be true to her.  But you think that she's gon na end up getting hurt like you did?  Not that you're one to cry in your beer, sir. ( Bottles clink )  Cheers. You know, Aggie, I got. my job. I have a beautiful son, and that's all I need.  Mm. If that's your way of telling me you intend to remain celibate for the rest of your life, I'm sorry, Captain, I'm not buying it. Hope, I-I had no idea that you were reconsidering. I know. I know. I didn't even know that I was reconsidering until earlier tonight, and it all just started to hit me, you know? I everything that I really want out of life, I have right here in L.A. the people that I ( Cell phone rings ) Oh. (Ring) Oh, my gosh. Talk about timing.  Who is it? (Ring) Um, it's the recruiter from Eastern Valley. I-I have to take this. What is going on with my daughter?  You should let Hope explain. Are you okay?  I just wish we'd hear something. From Ridge, you mean? Don't worry. If anybody can get Steffy to keep quiet about what she knows, it's her father.  Dad, please. I am so close to getting the Logans out of our company. Look, I know Donna has half of Granddad's share, but I can get it back.  Steffy, you're not hearing me.  No, Dad, you're not hearing me. Everything I'm doing, everything I've done look, I know I've gone too far, but what was I supposed to do? Just sit happen?  Dad, as a kid, I watched Brooke take you away from me, from our family, turn Forrester Creations from a place of style and grace to something just riddled by scandal.   I saw the pain and the hurt that the Logans caused everyone that I loved, including you. And I-I couldn't do anything. I never could, but now I finally can. Look, I had this fantasy earlier on that you came into the office, and you praised me for everything I've done to restore Forrester to our family. You were so proud of me. Dad, I-I need you. I need you to be proud of me.  I am proud, Steffy. You're a beautiful, talented young woman whose family mean everything to her. I love that about you. What I'm not proud of is this behavior. It's destructive, and not just to you to Brooke, to Hope, possibly to Forrester. That .  With me, but not with Brooke. Never with Brooke. The woman cheats on you with Hope's boyfriend. It's Deacon Sharpe all over again, and you look the other way. How can you let her do this to you, Dad, to our family? How? You know, contrary to what most women believe, men do think about other things than sex. sometimes, anyway.  The truth is, as lousy as I am at relationships, I should probably just stick to one-night stands.  You're not bad at relationships. I mean, you've been a great friend to me. Aha. We've never been romantically involved.  What does that mean? Being romantically linked to you is the kiss of death? Hello?  You don't really believe that. Well, look at my track record. You tell me.  At least you have a track record. I you know, so which is not surprising, considering the thought of. being touched. but then, you helped me to find Graham and put him away, and I am finally free. Really, for the first time, I'm free. The first time I can feel something other than fear and self-loathing, and that's all thanks to you, Nick.  Mr. Forrester came down here after you two talked. I thought he'd tear into me. Instead he he said he understood that it was an accident. not that he didn't give me something to think about. What do you mean?  He punched me in the gut.  He had every right to. I was totally irresponsible.  Hey. Hey.  What did the recruiter want?  Why don't I go change, give you two some time to talk? Okay. Okay, you. thoughts of leaving for Boston?  Steffy, listen to me. What happened between Brooke and Oliver was a case of mistaken identity.  No, it was betrayal. Brooke betrayed her husband and her and her daughter in the worst possible way. That's the kind of wife and mother she really is. But instead of coming down on her, you come down on me. Dad, she swore to you when you got married, things were gon na be different. What happened at Hope's graduation party is  The party is no longer an issue.  Of course, it is. It was at that party when Brooke used her disguise to  Look, I'm not defending what happened that night. It was inappropriate. Brooke was a chaperone. She had no business going out on that terrace.  For a quickie with her husband, much less a man she thought was her husband. Brooke can't even control her libido, even that's enough.  Yeah, you're right. It is enough. It's enough for you to send Brooke packing. God, if everyone knew about that night masked, and wearing her daughter's necklace, Brooke led Oliver by the hand out to the terrace Hope's boyfriend for God sake.  Look, for the last time, I'm not gon na let you make a scandal out of this and possibly do irreparable damage to Brooke's relationship with her daughter. Yes, she should have used better judgment. But Oliver should have, too. He thought she was Hope. He had unprotected sex. That's what really upsets me the most.  Not your wife's infidelity?  Brooke wasn't unfaithful, not in the way you mean. Did she make a terrible mistake? Yes. Could it have cost her the daughter she loves and the marriage that means everything to her? Yes. But it's not going to. Only four, Oliver, you and me. That's how it's gon na stay. You will never breathe a word of this. I want your promise, Steffy, because without it.  You can't trust me. You went through hell for years because of what that man did to you. He robbed you of a big piece of your life.  He robbed me of this touching and being touched. Years. without being held or even caressed. How does someone survive that? I mean, how did I? I'm not even sure if I fully have yet. Time will tell, I guess.  I don't know what to expect, you know? The first time I thought about it a lot what it would be like to be that close to a man again. You know, to experience something that intimate. I don't even know if I. if I can be that intimate with a man after what's on the man, finding the right one, the right moment.  How do I know when the right moment is? I mean, is this the right moment, Nick? Okay, I-I know that this is just the worst possible time to tell you this, and it's so last minute. You know, and and you have every right to be angry at me for changing my mind, you know, again. But, um, I don't want to go. I want to stay close to home, and I know you. Mom, I'm sorry. I know you had your heart set on this. Please don't be upset with me. Oh, no. No, I'm I'm not upset. Oh, my God. I honey, I-I'm thrilled. I couldn't be more thrilled that you're staying. And your father's gon na be so happy, too. regret what happened to our family and how my leaving affected you. But you have to understand  No, I understand. I don't blame you. Dad, I could never blame you. It was Brooke. It's always Brooke, just like at Hope's graduation party.  Steffy, please.  She took her own daughter's boyfriend to a dark corner of the patio and seduced him. He had no idea that he was with his girlfriend's mother. The whole time, he thought he was with Hope.  And Brooke is horrified by that.   Not to mention devastated at the thought that her daughter might find out. But that isn't gon na happen. You're gon na keep this secret so we can all get along, and we can work through what needs to be worked on.   What you did was wrong. It was hurtful. And you're gon na repair the damage, starting with a little head of P.R. to welcome her back to Forrester Creations.  What? No, Dad. Dad, no.  You're the reason that Brooke announced her resignation. Your behavior set everything in motion. You have to take responsibility, Steffy, and you're going to. ( Whimsical music playing throughout )  Mm. I don't believe this. You don't want me to go? No, I-I never wanted you to go, sweetie. I was just concerned what was best for you. Like always. I look at you, and I realize when most people your age they want to fly the nest. You. You love your family so much that you don't want to leave home. What a lucky woman I am. I love you, Hope. All I ever wanted for you is your safety, your happiness. Oh.  would do anything for you, but what you're asking me.  I'm not asking. Part of being an adult is realizing that actions have consequences. You crossed a dangerous line, Steffy. You know it was wrong.  I know. But Brooke, she's  Brooke is my wife. You've got to stop fighting her, fighting her presence in my life and the company. Honey, please. You have to let this go. Don't end up like your grandmother Forrester versus Logans. Don't let your anger at Brooke and her family consume you, too. Can you do that for me? Can you at least try?  Yes. Dad, I'm sorry I let you down.  I'm sorry, too.  (Sobs)  Sweetheart, I will always. I will always love you.  (Sniffles) Even after this?  Especially if we take what's happened and turn something hurtful into something healing. I believe we I forgive you.  (Sniffles)  I need you to forgive Brooke.  (Sobs) (Sniffles) (Sobs) 
Where was this taken? Ridge.  When was it taken? T It was taken tonight backstage. If you look closely, you can tell that  Yes, I can see that it was in one of our dressing rooms. Don't treat me like a simpleton. T I'm trying not to.  More importantly, should it be equally obvious why you're both undressed? T  I'm sure there's an explanation. Try not to think about it. Okay, maybe that's not possible. Look, is there any way that you can tell if this is, like, fake, you know, if it's a cut-and-paste job?  Yeah, sure. I mean, but if it's a good fake, which this would have to be, you'd have to go over it almost pixel by pixel. Do you know how? Okay.  What kind of music does he like?  Liam? How would I know?  Well, what you've probably spent more time with him than I have.  You don't find out that much about someone when you're pretending to be Russian. What's his taste in women? Oh, scratch that. I already know.  Amber, I like you. You're good company, but  But I'm not Hope. Yeah, heard that one before. Still, just because a man likes sweet and innocent at the dinner table, doesn't mean he might want something else after dark. You did once. Was, um, was your dad there at the preview tonight?  No. But Jarrett and, um, Justin Barber were there I know.  No, Hope, I promise you. They didn't have anything to do with this. How do you know? Last time it was Barber.  Because they wouldn't try to hide something this big from me. I mean, Justin wouldn't even he head. You sure about that?  You know what? It's not much easier for me to hear people put my dad down than it is for you to hear them talk trash about your mom.  He's a geek? Oh, no  Fixing computers is what he was doing when Hope met him. That's all I know.  (Silly-voice) Should I talk about gigabytes and bandwidth to steam up his glasses?  I've never seen him wear glasses, but.  Well, that's a plus.  When they called him in to work on Steffy Forrester's damn computer, that's when things fell apart with Hope and me.  Talk about poetic justice. I'll be like your smart bomb to get her back.  Oh, how did you know I was thinking about a cognac? Because I know that's what you like when you celebrate something. All right. Wait. Wait.  yes. ( Glasses clink )  To Thomas. Mmm. I have to say, it's still so strange when I open that liquor cabinet, and I see bottles in there.  It's just still very strange to me.  Does it make you nervous? I mean, uh, I can get rid of all of it if you want. No, not at all. I don't even think about it. It's just nice that I feel like I can entertain like a grown-up again.  Well, good. ( Glasses clink )  Is your your phone charged? Uh, I don't know. Am I expecting a call?  No, I what what time is it? I-I left my watch upstairs. Mm, it's a little after 9:30.  Huh. Well, maybe it's not too late to call them. They're definitely at Forrester still, right? talking about, you know, entertaining. I was just thinking maybe, you know, giving Ridge and Brooke a call, and seeing if they want to come over for a nightcap. Are you serious?  Yeah, look, I know I said a few harsh words between me and Ridge, but, uh, I'm sure that's behind us now. I want to let him know that it's all water under the bridge, and we'd just like to celebrate the men's line. Have I told you lately how incredibly wonderful and amazing and handsome you are?  Define " Lately. " Um, hi, are you in the middle of something?  I'm dealing with it, Taylor. You're dealing with what?  I'm sorry. I thought, uh. look, I can't really talk about it right now. I'll get back to you. Just don't answer the phone or go near a not? ( Phone hangs up )  Still dealing with the press? I don't know, but something is definitely not right. T Dad, the program was running so fast. Rick and Uncle Thorne were really crackin' whips. The clothes weren't where they were supposed to be. T I checked the clipboard where I was supposed to change, and my outfit wasn't there, so I went looking for it, and I ended up in Brooke's dressing room. And I was in one of those dressing rooms, and my outfit was missing, too. T And then Jarrett showed up with a camera, and I didn't want him to take a photo of Brooke like that. I tried to block his view.  Jarrett took this picture? T I don't know. He must have.  Well, how many people with cameras were there? Only Jarrett, but Thomas said no photos, and who do we call when the server's down?  It'll have to wait till the morning, Thorne.  No, no, not the public server, the buyers' server. We've had so many orders for the men's line in the last hour, it couldn't take it. It just shut down. Has that ever happened before? And the public the public site, the hits are " Love the Taboo line, where can I buy the Taboo line? "  Wait, I thought we.  You thought there weren't going to be any more surprises? So did I.  Was this from our people? No. T No, we can't actually say who took the picture.  Hmm, well, whoever it was, after we kick his butt around the block, I think I might want to shake his hand.  I don't see any sign that this image was manipulated. Can you tell Well, I mean, the upload wasn't even two hours ago. So doesn't doesn't it have to be another publicity stunt? Liam, how do you sell clothes without wearing any?  My guess is that's how. This doesn't look intentional. It looks like they were caught.  Well, maybe that was intentional. Well, if it was my dad won't like it. They have crossed a line.  Maybe that was intentional, too.  What do I look like? Do I have, " I'm a puppet " written on my back, " Walk all over me "?  You mean, why are you such a nice guy?  No, I mean, I don't want a part of anyone's scheme to do anything to Liam or anybody not yours, not Bill Spencer's, not anybody's.  Will you relax? I don't have a scheme. yet. In't need you to do anything moan what you already want to do, namely get Hope back.  But it sucks, because when I do that, when I even talk to her, it makes me feel like I'm being dishonest, like, I'm playing along with something I never wanted anything to do with.  Fine, then forget I said anything.  Yeah, right.  It's not like you're into me anyway. A girl's got ta do something, doesn't she?  But not someone. Get a job.  Ten jobs wouldn't keep my head above water at this point. In fact, in this life, there's only two really smart ways to get money be born into it or to marry it.  (Groans)  Okay. This Forrester web site is hopping  That's pretty common for the night of a showing, isn't it? Oh, my gosh, this comment section love Taboo.  Well, then I guess it was right for Ridge to push it so hard. Let's see. They lo they love Thomas. They love Brooke. They go on and on about how good Brooke and Thomas look together. Maybe that's what Ridge didn't want me to see.  You know, Sweetheart, you shouldn't be, you know, be on the computer. Ridge asked you not to. You shouldn't be pokin' around. Well, wait. There was this one section, though, that it's a restricted part of the web site, and it's down. I don't know why. I'm gon na look at what " Eye on Fashion " has to say. You think they panned it?  Anything's possible.  Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh.  Bad review? Don't look. Don't look.  Why not? anyway. Everybody in the whole world is looking at it now.  Wow, that's a bit much for a P.R. campaign, even for me. It is not a publicity photo.  Well, Sweetheart, what else could it be? I mean, I question Ridge's judgment, but. I-I can't just sit here and and do nothing about this. I-I'm sorry. I've got ta I've got ta go up there and deal with this.  Oh, Sweetheart, where are you going? No, I need to just deal with this for a minute.  Oh, no, no, no. Okay. I understand. I'll wait up. ( Door opens )  Try not to jump to conclusions, okay? The whole point of the picture is to make you jump to conclusions.  Yeah. Maybe that's good advertising. I don't know. You think this  You know what's funny is whenever something like this comes up, all I can think about is how ashamed I am remembering that I never even would have met you had it not been for a huge scandal that your mom was at the center of and my role in it. Well, whenever something like this happens, I feel ashamed because the press only portrays my mother as someone who will sleep with anything that walks. And then there's me, " Little Miss Sunday school teacher " telling you where you can't put your hands, and it must just seem like a huge joke to you.  What? Wait a minute. No. Nobody's joking. The longer I work here, the more I know you can't believe everything you read. What I do believe in is you. I mean, you're honest with me about how you feel. That's the kind of closeness I want. That's better than taking your clothes off with me. I wouldn't change a thing. I wouldn't change the way we met either. I thought I was at, you know, the lowest point in my life, but really, I think it was the start of my life. It was the start of me seeing things for what they really are you know, loving my mother, in spite of her fabulous knack for messing things up.  You had lost everything, and so had I, and al we had to go on was what we felt, and that moment was true and right, and sometimes, I-I miss feeling like nothing could touch us.  I know what you mean. It feels like we're back in the game. Yeah. I don't like the game.  Mm, well, at least we have an advantage. We know it's a game. I mean, I'll I'll never forget that the real deal in my .  Have you seen this?  Yeah, pretty racy.  Do you know who took it?  Mm, one of Forrester's photographers?  Do you see a logo? It doesn't look like an advertisement.  Aggie, they do this kind of thing in Europe all the time.  Are you responsible for this, Whip? You took this photograph, and you posted it online, didn't you?  How? I couldn't get her clothes off of her when we were married.  You were at that preview. Now did you actually catch them in something, or you just engineered this?  I am offended. How come you're accusing me?  You want your wife out of Ridge's orbit, and you know when she sees this, she's gon na go ballistic and blame him.  There's no " Eye on Fashion " stamp or " Copyright Spencer Publications. " I honestly don't think actually saw him take it, but then who did?  Oh, please. I was too busy keeping things moving.  So the show gets held up for 45 seconds while we sort out the changing rooms? Would that have been such a disaster?  Ridge, you would be hollering if it had.  It would have been a hell of a lot better than this. Ridge, don't blame Thorne. There was too much to think about. It wasn't his fault. Oh, it sure as hell is somebody's fault. I am not letting you whitewash this, Brooke, and neither is Ridge. Let's never, uh.  Let's never what? I-I was gon na say, " Let's never be like everybody else, " but that's not right.  I don't know. Maybe it is. I mean, you look around, and you see so many driven people, lonely people my mom used to say. (Silly-voice) " You get 20 good years, and that's it. " Well, that's depressing. I really hope that's not true.  No, no, no, she meant, like, years in the game, you know, make making headlines, getting noticed. Your your 20s and your 30s, she said. Yeah, but your mom was a model. They have very short careers.  (Groans)  What she meant was. What are you saying?  Don't confuse those 20 years for your life. Oh.  I mean, if you're you're gon na have something in your life that lasts, it's not gon na be your job. I think that's true.  Well, I love you, and that's what's gon na last in my life. Well, I love you, too.  You never go to bed angry.  We are not two people. We're not goin' to bed.  You know, you're really starting to repeat yourself.  Me?  I had to ask you a question. The other night, when you had your, moment of weakness, was that you, or was it me?  The night we slept together?  That's the one.  Was what you or was what me?  The triple " X " factor. You know, was that something I did? Because if it was, I would like to be able to recreate that again sometime, you know, on purpose. Or are you just, um, always that way?  Like what?  The man of steel. The man who never quits. Do you not remember how many times we went that night?  No, I don't remember much from that night at all.  How to hurt a girl Liam's never met you as far as he knows, Amber. Come on.  See? It's all about putting your intention out into the universe. Don't be thinking, I've got ta get hope back. Think, it is so great to have Hope back. Meanwhile, I will be thinking about what my net worth will be once Liam marries me. Mm. I bet there's a search engine for that. Yeah.  Look, is it my fault that Ridge exercises poor judgment?  By letting his son and his wife model together? Really?  No, by thinking that he can pull Taylor's chain whenever he wants to to get her to come back to him. You know what I am to this guy? Storage. Yeah, I'm where he keeps his other wife when he's not using her.  Whip, seriously, are these people you really want to mess around with?   Because you don't you, and Brooke is not going to leave her husband any time soon.  You know what I don't understand? Why is everybody so afraid to go up against Ridge Forrester? I mean, what is it? Is it the cheekbones? Is it the pecs?  Do you hear yourself right now ?' Cause this is getting really sad.  Oh, don't get so self-righteous with me, " Sandy Sommers. " Hmm? Who was the one who kept your secret when paranoia took the upper hand?  You did.  Mm-hmm. Hey, maybe I'm right. Maybe I'm wrong. But I do know that I have the right to a good marriage just as much as he does. And if Taylor needs a little coaxing to be able to let go of him, so be it. T Mom, it was just a dressing room mix-up. I'm sure it looked like that to you. But, Sweetheart, I too much to to believe any part of that.  Look, Thorne will be right back. In the meantime, however the confusion happened, however this photograph was taken, I think we can all agree that nothing salacious is gon na happen at a backstage public preview. No, no, no, no, no. No, you walk in a dressing room where someone is undressed, or vice versa, and you walk back out. Why didn't that happen?  Okay, here's the diagram, the wardrobe list, and the time and prompts I used tonight.  Well, there's scribbling all over it.  There always is.  Things scratched out, arrows pointing everywhere.  Well, I had no idea it was going to be used as evidence.  But it's obvious we can see that, you know, the models could get easily confused. Yeah, but. Nobody else did. Brooke's the only one like to hear it, Brooke. Why don't you explain to me why you didn't just walk out when when my son was in the room with you? I wasn't dressed. So what's new? You've been in front of the whole world in your underwear. Then what's the big deal, Taylor, if Thomas only saw what the whole world's already seen? Okay, you you just tell me what I'm missing right here. This isn't you on one of your catwalk panty parades. This is you touching him. And everybody's telling me that I'm seeing things that aren't there? T Ridge, when are you gon na do something about this? What, you have to see them in bed together? Can't you see what's going on right in front of you? 
I am not overreacting. I'm standing here looking at a picture of you and Brooke half-naked backstage at a fashion preview, and that picture is floating around all over the internet. Taylor, it's not how it looks. That's what we've been trying to tell you. Okay, fine. Then I would like you to explain it to me. Tell me, how did this accident happen, this mistake? I can't wait to hear this one.  How did you pull it off? I know you took this picture. I know you took this picture of Brooke and Thomas.  You know what? I think the less you know the better at this point, cuz. Just leave it at that.  Whip, listen to me. You're the king of brilliant ideas.  Yes.  But you're playing a very dangerous game right now.   You realize that? ( Door opens )  I guess .  Dad, I thought you were leaving early. You said we could have dinner here.  Well, I am back. We need to talk about your party for tomorrow.  (Stammers) Party? What party?  I'm throwing tomorrow. An extravaganza in your honor.  Are you serious? Party?  I am serious. It's gon na be a, uh, huge Spencer Publications event introducing you to the world as my son. I'm talking Dollar Bill big. Media, shareholders, the works. So you need to be at the top of your game, Son.   Do you know much Bill Spencer is worth  I don't know. Millions?  At least a billion.  Good for him.  Which means his son is worth quite a pretty penny.  Yeah, Liam's gon na be a rich guy.  He's already loaded, which makes him irresistible. Very irresistible.  I'm sorry Oliver. What did we have for dinner tonight? Hmm? Oh, microwaved noddles? What did we have last night?  I'm not a culinary expert. But you're not starving.  I know, and I appreciate that. But that's no way to live. I want steak, and I want lobster, and I want to be able to fly to Paris on a whim. I'm sorry. I know you're content with this life, but I'm just not.  If money means turning into someone like Bill Spencer, no thanks. The guy is a power-hungry control freak. The way I see it, that's not the way to live.  As my son your persona is everything. Have you seen the image consultant Katie set up for you?  Yes. I think he means your image as the jet-setting single man.  Nothing personal, Hope. Of course not. You're just Dad, I-I-I appreciate everything you're doing for me and and our relationship  This party is an integral step for the future of Spencer Publications and our family.   You know there could be serious ramifications because of this photograph.  I imagine that there could be.  Uh, what are you gon na do if Ridge leaves Brooke over this photograph, and he decides to go after Taylor?  That is not gon na happen, okay? Taylor loves me. Our marriage is solid. Aggie, Ridge is gon na keep allowing this whole Taboo line against Taylor's wishes. She's starting to become very disillusioned with him, and it's only gon na get worse. And that's when I'm gon na be the one who's laughing. We told you, Taylor. The dressing room assignments got changed somehow. Oh, come on, Brooke. Please, you couldn't just tell Thomas to leave the dressing room to Taylor how chaotic it can get backstage?  Look, I don't know how this happened. Yes, it was poor judgment. There was pressure to get dressed, a mix-up with the showstopper outfits and the dressing rooms, but you shouldn't have changed together in the same room. That wasn't appropriate. Thank you. Thank you. I am so glad we see eye to eye. I would like to have a minute with Ridge alone, please. Anything you have to say to Ridge, you can say in front of me.  Logan, just give us a minute, will you, please? Ridge, I don't care how much money this line makes. I-I don't care about our son becoming famous. It isn't worth it. I you just can't accept this any longer.  So you're gon na be my date tomorrow night? Of course I am.  Yeah, about that a very busy man tomorrow night a meeting with shareholders, interviews, photo ops. This is not the high school prom. It's business.  Uh. He doesn't want me to go.  You're just not gon na have a lot of fun, Hope. I mean, Liam is gon na be pulled in a million different directions. Hey, I get it. You don't want me to cramp his style.  That would be impossible. Dad, I-I know you want to introduce me to the world as your your powerful bachelor son, but Hope means too much to me to leave out.  If that's how you want it to be, okay.  Just wan na have money again.  That'd be great. Then you could help me pay some of the rent while you're livin' above the garage.  Oliver, I would if I could. You know that. But I have credit card . I'm just I'm really struggling here.  Join the club. I'm still payin' off student loans.  Aren't you tired of it, hmm, living this way?  My life isn't half bad. I get to live at the beach. I got a decent job.  Something's missing, though.  Hope is the only thing missing for me.  Well, if I can get my hands Liam you might just get her back. No more scandal. We talked about this. One more scandal, and and you said that, that was it, that you were going to pull the plug on this line.  I know, but I'm not gon na hold this against Brooke. You've got ta let this go. What? You're just giving her a free pass on this?  Brooke had nothing to do with that photo, Taylor. How are you gon na handle na keep hanging Thomas out there like bait, just waiting for the next time for Brooke to strike?  Look, if I believed Thomas was gon na be in harm's way because of this, I wouldn't continue with this line at all. But it's about stirring the pot, creating buzz, gaining revenue for our company. This is not about Thomas and Brooke. Nothing is gon na happen between our son and my wife. I promise you that. (Scoffs) T Well, I don't hear any furniture smashed. That's a good sign. Maybe mom's calming down. Well, that's it. I've waited out here long enough. T Whoa. I'm looking at this rundown from the fashion preview, and things are scratched out, dressing room assignments are changed. This wasn't an accident. What? Are are you saying that I tried to seduce Thomas? I don't know, but God. T Dad, you have got to trust Brooke and me please, do not pull the plug on Taboo. The line's doin' great. We just got started. I want to keep going.  I'll allow the line to continue. T Oh  But, Thomas. T Thank you.  This is it. You've only got one more chance. T Yes. I promise nothing like this will happen again.  Thanks. I'm so. disappointed in you. I can not believe you're allowing this to go on. Then again, it doesn't surprise me, because you're blind when it comes to Brooke. I hope you don't regret your decision. I really don't. Keep your clothes on around my son T Mom, wait.  If you want to be rich so badly, maybe you should buy a lottery ticket.  Oh, that's silly. No one wins the win the lottery than you do at winning Liam. Trust me.  Oh you have never seen the real Amber Moore in action.  That's not my point. The guy is totally in love with Hope.  Oh, I know, or so he thinks.  He is. And what you just want him' cause he's rich.  No. Liam is hot. And he's he's really sweet. You know, when I was pretending to be his limo driver, he was so panicked he was missing her party, he-he, he was just, he was freaking out. I could tell he really cared about her. And it was kind of cute.  If he is so committed to Hope, why would you go after him? Seriously, Amber give it up.  Why? You haven't given up on Hope.  That's different. I'm never giving up on her.  Because you love her, and mope about your life, missing Hope. That's your choice. But don't judge me because I want to get something better for myself.  And Liam is the key?  Well, he sure could be. Thomas really appreciates you sticking with the line.  It was the right decision. You've been put in a terrible position.  Taylor's not too thrilled with me right now. All because of me and that damn photo.  Logan, this isn't your fault. I'm really sorry, Ridge. I honestly don't know how this happened. But I need you to forgive me one more time. Please? Just say you'll forgive me.  So what happened? T Some one took a risqu photo of Brooke and me.  Yeah, I, uh, I saw. Looks like somebody was in the right place at the wrong time. T Yeah, well, whoever it was caused a you okay? I don't even know where to begin. T Look, Mom, I'm sorry you're upset, and you I know that you hate that I'm working with Brooke, and you're convinced something awful is going to happen, but I've been right so far. T No, Mom, you have not. Nothing has happened between Brooke and me. Nothing will ever. T Mom. T I love you.  I have had a taste of the good life, and I am really hungry for it again. When I was married to Rick, it was like Christmas every day.  You said the Forresters never really accepted you.  Oh, they didn't, but it was still the best time of my life.  Amber, that is pathetic  You don't know what it's like, Oliver. When you walk into a room as a Forrester, you get the the clouds part, and the sun comes shining through. You know, you could have that, Oliver. If you hook up with Hope, all your money problems could disappear.  I don't care about that.  Well, I do. All I need is an opening, and when I get one I will get one I'm going after William Spencer III so fast, he's not gon na know what hit him. I would be extremely honored to be your date at tomorrow night's soiree, Mr. William Spencer III.  Mm. Even if your dad would rather I didn't go.  I would totally boycott my own party if you couldn't come. Aw. That's some serious love.  But seriously, seriously, are you sure it's okay if I go?  The only thing keeping me from totally freaking out is knowing that you're gon na be there. I need you for me, and I want to share it with the woman I love, okay? ' Kay.  Here you go. So how did, uh, Ridge react to the photo of Brooke and Thomas? He was shocked and very upset. And then he just blew the whole thing off and looked the other way just like he always does with Brooke.  Really?  I just don't understand how he can keep allowing Brooke and Thomas to work together so closely. I don't know. I don't know. I guess as long as the line is a success, anything goes. Bro Brooke can just drag Thomas into another scandal, and Ridge will just look the other way. Just, you know. I-I'm scared to death for for my son, Whip.  Well, honey, sweetheart, I-I-I completely feel the se way as you do. I just. it's a very dangerous situation Finally I am so glad somebody sees this the way do. I am so grateful to have you on my side. I am.  I think like you do. Mm. (sniffles)  You know, I-I just I just think as long as Brooke and Thomas continue to work together, this isn't gon na stop.  There's gon na continue to be these kind of incidents.  I just feel that. Ridge, I will stop working on the Taboo line if you want me to. Our marriage means more to me than anything.  It's the most important thing to me, too. I really hate this tension between us.  Logan, these things can't keep happening. They can't. I know. I know. I don't want to do anything that's going to jeopardize our relationship.  I believe you. And love you. Our marriage means more to me things that have happened in the last few weeks the kiss on the runway, these racy pictures. I know that you haven't crossed any lines, and I know that you're not going to. Never.  Besides, you've been a tremendous help with Thomas. All of your experience you've got a great eye for all this stuff. I know that. That's all I want to do is help your son.  And you have. But you got ta hear me when I tell you nothing inappropriate can happen again never again. Okay, never. I promise. I promise.  Good. Thank you. You mean so much to me.  You know what? You've got the worst luck of anyone I know. I don't know why these things keep happening to us, but it it's like.  Whatever is put in our way, we manage stronger, Ridge. It makes our bond stronger and the feelings that we have for each other, and you are just such a wonderful, compassionate husband. I love you so much.  Logan, I will always believe in you, and nothing is ever gon na come between us ever again. Okay? Okay.  Okay? Yes. Okay.  (Sighs) Oh, yeah, Ridge. Oh, Ridge.  No, you mess with my marriage, I mess with yours. I'm not done with you yet, Ridge, not by a long shot. 
Why are you crying so much today, Mommy? Oh, Honey. Because I just love you so much, and I missed you so much.  I missed you, too, Mommy.  Hey, R.J ., you remember I told you that Mommy and Daddy have a, uh, an adult party today?  Uh-huh.  Well, Matthew's mom's on her way over to take you to a very cool play date.  Awesome  Awesome, yeah. She's gon na be here in a few minutes, so why don't you go get your stuff together? I'll see you later tonight, okay?  Okay. Bye, Mommy. Bye, Daddy.  See you later, Bud. Love you ( Door closes )  You've been with him almost all day. Yeah, it's. It's been a wonderful day, a day I thought I'd never have.  It's fillin' up downstairs. Everybody . They're very grateful that you're both okay. We all are. You know, Sweetheart, you and Brooke, you've been through something horribly traumatic and very personal. I mean, surviving a plane crash and then being out in the middle of the ocean drifting at night, and then isolated on the island. I-I know it's a lot, and I want you to know, when you're ready to talk about it, I'm here for you, okay? T Okay. Thanks, Mom. Okay. T It means a lot to me that you and Dad came together. Your father was. He was absolutely magnificent. He never gave up, no matter what kind of negative word we got. It didn't deter him. It didn't stop him, and I have to tell you, I am so proud that Ridge Forrester is your father. T And I'm glad I had him by see you again.  Thank you. Everything looks perfect.  Nice. Hey, hey, hey.  What? Wait till everyone gets here.  Okay, okay.  Oh, can't we please just go upstairs? I'm dying to give Brooke a hug.  She said she wants to spend some time with the kids, Honey, we'll see her in a minute.  Okay, fine. Everyone should be here soon.  Speak of the devil. (Sobs) I'm so glad you're home. I missed you so much. Thank you for bringing my sister home. (Sobs) Oh, it feels like home again now that you're back. I was really scared. Yeah, me, too, Sweetie. ( Knock on door )  Come on in, Son. Thomas, hey T Thanks. T Uh, do you mind if Liam. Hi. Mm Oh, God, I've missed you.  Yeah, I missed you, too.  Your mom's back. Know. I know.  I know. And Thomas, too. I mean, it's like.  Yeah. It's like a miracle.  How is she? She's not herself yet, but, I mean I mean, she's here. She's alive, and if it weren't for your dad I'm serious. If it weren't for your dad, Liam, I don't even know. Well, we were worried sick.  A lot of people would have given up hope.  Kristen and Felicia send their love.  Oh, Brooke and I spoke with them earlier. They're gon na fly out and see us as soon as they can. Well, that's wonderful. Where's Brooke and Tom before they came down to face everyone. T Well, everyone's waiting for us. -I'm. -(Sighs) I-I'm not ready. I need more time. T We have to face them sometime, Brooke, but. before we go downstairs, I-I need to know. What what are you gon na tell my father about what happened on the island?  Hey, Sweetie, I made your favorite chili for you.  Mom, you know I don't like chili.  Okay, well, why don't you call Liam and invite him over? Maybe he'd like some.  Because he's busy.  Now what could be more important than the mother of his child?  Hope Logan.  So Liam is with Hope celebrating Brooke and Thomas' return from the dead.  Well, he's also there because of his dad. He is. You know, Bill is an amazing man. He helped save Brooke and lot like Bill. I hope if our baby is a boy, he'll be just like his father and grandfather.  Well, Dad, you did it again. You pulled off another miracle.  Thank you, Son.  Bet you're happy to be home.  Yeah, I'm happy to have my brother back. ( Glasses clink )  Well, Brooke, too, huh?  Yeah, believe it or not. This is a nice party. You did a good job so last minute. Thanks well, there wouldn't be anything to celebrate if it weren't for Bill. Mm. I'm gon na go check on Donna. I'll be right back. All right. Donna says Katie is very happy about all you did to bring Brooke and Thomas home safely. Hope this is the end to your separation. though I can't help but wonder. All the time you and Steffy spent together whilen't help but wonder how much your wife must be missin' you right now, " Baldy. "  Ok, beat it.  You know, Dad, I was I was thinkin'. Um, this is about Hope, too. It means so much to her what you did to bring her mother home.  Well, I'm glad to hear it. (Sniffles) I have to tell Ridge I have no choice. T He just got back, and he thought he lost us forever, okay? Come on. Telling him now would just. It would hurt him. Why did we eat those berries, Thomas? T Brooke, to save our lives. Look, I feel horrible, too, but we weren't ourselves, okay? We were under the influence of some very strong hallucinogenic. T That doesn't make it okay. My completely open and transparent relationship that I have with Ridge want to lose that. I can't keep anything from him it'll just come back to haunt me, and I don't want to do that again. If I keep this from Ridge, I won't be able to live with myself. It was all so surreal. I can only remember bits and pieces. T Exactly. We didn't even know who we were. ( Knock on door )  I hate to rush you, but everyone's waiting. T Okay, uh, we'll be right down. Brooke, look at me. No one can ever know, and please, don't tell my father ,' cause he'd never understand. Don't do this.  Oh, I hate to have to remind you, Pumpkin, but that little baby in your belly is technically Oliver's.  Biologically, it's Oliver's baby. But in my heart, it's Liam's.  My, my, my. You are falling Faking that paternity test was the best thing we ever did, because if our little secret works, and it is going to, before too long, you are gon na be married to a Spencer.   There they are. Oh  Yay Yay Yay Hi.  T Ohh.  Hi. (Sniffles)  Oh, Dad.  Oh, my Oh oh, Dad (Sobs)  I love you so much.  Oh, God, I thought I'm just so glad you're home. Eric.  Hi. Hey, do I get to hug him?  Oh. Will you break if I hug you? T Maybe. Maybe. Oh, Honey. T  Nicky did everything in his power to bring you and Thomas home safely. Thank you. (Sniffles) I'm glad you're home. I will. T Mom. Seriously. Oh, okay, okay. I think we should probably say something to everyone. Are you sure you're ready? T Yeah. I would like to say thank you to everyone. I-I don't think Brooke and I can believe we're really here. I'm sorry, do do you want to tell them how we survived? You you don't have to say anything if you don't want to. You ready? Tell us, Brooke.  Yeah, tell us, please. T It's all right, Brooke. I-I-I can speak. I know I can speak for Brooke when I say that we're lucky uh, lucky to be alive, but also lucky to have such incredible, supportive family and friends. Two men were lost at sea, two men with. loved ones and and families of their own. I would like us all to observe a perished in the crash. I wouldn't be alive right now if it weren't for Thomas. The plane went down, and. I was drowning, and I slipped under the water. Thomas pulled me up. (Thomas-remembering) T Come on Keep swimming I see a bigger piece of the plane. Hold on. ( Thunder crashes ) T Brooke He saved my life. T After the crash, um, we held on to a bit of fuselage and some flotation cushions. Then we finally made it to the island. By then, we were already exhausted and dehydrated, and there was only a little amount of water from the rain the night before. So we didn't know long we would last without food or anything to drink. We just. we did what we could to survive.  But you were there for days. Uh, uh, what what did you do? T We just tried to survive, look for food know, we're just we're just glad to be alive and home with all of you. Dayzee. Dayzee, I. I felt your spirit. You kept me going. (Sniffles)  T Thank you, Bill and sister Steffy, for being too stubborn to give up. (Laugh) T And and Nick for remembering your old shipping lanes. My dad said you were like a human compass. And to my mom for. (Sniffles) Joining forces with my dad and coming on the search. Of course I would. (Whimpers) Oh, I love you. T I love you. And Brooke. Thank you for being supportive, for being so strong. It's over. We're alive. That's all that matters. And finally, to my dad. when I saw you on that island. I'm sorry. Um. you saved my life. I'm so blessed just to have a man like you as my father I too, Son. T (Coughs) Dad, you you. Your belief in me, your support I don't want anything to ever change that.  Nothing every will. Why, Thomas, that is beautiful. T We're just all so. we're happy to be here with all of you, and we're alive. So thank you. It's .. So much happened on that island. It's just. hard to forget. Ridge? There's something I need to tell you.  What, Logan? What do you want to tell me? 
What is it Logan? Thomas. he meant every word that he said to you. You are a wonderful, devoted father, and he loves you so much. Now there there's something that I really, really need to tell you. T Brooke, hey, you're upset maybe you should go lie down. You can talk to Dad Thomas, stop it please, I am going to tell him. I am not going to put this off.  So what are you reading?  A book on pregnancy.  Honey, don't waste your time with all that. Come on. You got ta keep your eye on the prize. You you got ta get focused and get that man to put a ring on it.  Mom, as much as I would love to marry Liam.  He is still in love with Hope. I know, honey. That's why you got ta stop buying books and listen to your mama. Look, be more aggressive with Liam.  What's going on, Logan? What's going on? I-I'm sorry, everybody. I-I'm sorry.  Logan, you haven nothing nothing to apologize for. No, I know. I know. I'm just trying to make sense of it all. It it was very difficult time on the island. A-a lot of it just didn't even seem real. Ridge, I just I wasn't myself. I wasn't thinking. I-it just felt like everything I cared about was slipping away the kids. you. our family. And then. when I heard your voice on the beach calling my name, that was the most breathtaking sound that I ever heard. And you were there you saved us. You save Thomas and me. (sniffles) and if it weren't for you, we'd be dead right now. I guess what I. what I really need you so very much I love you. I just. (sobs)  Excuse me, everyone. I have something to say. I just want everyone to know how grateful I am to have my brother and and Brooke back home safely, thanks to Bill and his remarkable efforts  Thomas, would you, uh, join me over here? Not long ago, I gave a percentage of my percentage of the company to Thomas. Let's make it official, shall we? T Thank you, Dad. I will do everything to make you proud.  Well, it looks like we've got something more to celebrate.  Hey, take a look at this.  Huge story all over the international press.  Oh, man, look at that.  What? Wow. T Crazy. At least our story has a happy ending, right, Brooke? Brooke and I went through something we were lucky to survive. We were given a second chance, Australia in the first place. So I'm moving forward with Taboo for women and focusing on everything and everyone that I have to be grateful for.  Cool.  All right.  He's not picking up. Oh, oh, hey, Liam, um, it's Amber.  Hey, what's up?  Listen, I know that you're at the party for, uh, Brooke and Thomas, and, um, please send everyone my love. But, um, I was I was wondering, when you're done, if maybe you could come by and we could, uh, talk about birthing classes.  Birthing classes?  Yeah, um, I know it doesn't sound like a ton of fun, but, um, we are having a baby together, so, uh, do you think you could maybe come by?  Uh, all right.  Great. Okay. I'll see you soonn't have my daughter back if it weren't for the both of you.  We're just glad we could bring' em home.  Both of my girls are lucky to be married to men who would go to the ends of the earth for' em. Thank you. Hey.  Hey Whatch doin' out here?  Phone call. Let me guess. Amber? Hey, um. thank you for sticking by me when I thought that I had .. lost my mom. I needed you really badly. I did. She she's home now. You know, she's back, and I have to move on. We've talked about it, Liam, you know? I don't ever want you feeling torn between spending time with me and being with your baby. Your future is with Amber and your child, you know? And that that's just that's how it has to be.  Well, you too. But it just. it has to be this way. It does. Ready to go home?  What are you saying? I don't want to spend another second apart from you. Take me home. T Well, thank you for not telling my father. I just couldn't do it. T Yeah, well, I thought you might. I didn't know what I was gon na do. And when I thought about everything he did to to rescue us and what he went through, and then when I saw that smile on his face. T Look, I am determined to move forward. Seeing my dad today, he was so proud. Brooke, I don't ever want to lose that. I know, and I don't want to take that away from you. But when I think about. not telling him. You kissed me, Thomas, and I allowed it. After that innocent. But but I know we shared some intimate moments, and it's something that Ridge needs to know. He will understand. T No, he won't, no matter what the circumstances were. Please. Please don't open this up. There's nothing to gain, and and it will only cause a whole lot of pain.  Want anything? No, I'm okay.  Welcome home. It's good to be home.  Why now, Katie? You know why. I wasn't ready. Look, I know you feel like I've betrayed you, and I'm sorry for that. I was scared, not of you, but of the situation.  I'm the same man you married. I know. And I love you. You're the man I want to spend the rest of my life with. I just want to go back to the way things were. I just want  On what condition? No conditions. I don't need you to go to therapy. I know who you are. You're a good man. I know that. (Sniffles) I'm home, Bill. I'm home, and I'm never gon na leave you again. ( Door closes )  You're safe now, Logan. I'm not gon na let anything hurt you. When you were gone, I realized how crazy this all was, us being apart. We're better than that. We love each other. This is our home this is exactly where I want to be. I missed you so much. I missed us. our home. our bed. It's been so long. I want you so bad. I want to make love to you. Meet me in bed.  I love you, Bill.  Bill, I love you.  I love you, too.  Beautiful know. I'm sorry I got so emotional. I just couldn't help it.  I think everyone understood you just got back from a horrific experience. I have to admit. I wasn't sure that you'd come back.  But you have. This is what I imagined a thousand times just to be here in our home in our bed with your arms around me. You are my hero. You saved me. You always save me.  You're alive. You're safe in your home. Sometimes. sometimes it takes. some horrendous thing to happen to make you ever so grateful and I am ever so grateful that you're here. Just close your eyes and try to put it out of your mind. I'm trying.  It's gon na take some time.  What you went through was so painful, I know. What you and Thomas experienced. You have no idea 
I think you deserve at least a kiss after a night like this.   Hope's out of the house. R.J. is over sleeping at Matthew's. Mm-hmm. We're all alone. Just you and me. Our little girl she's so grown up. Moving on.  Are you a little worried ?' Cause I am. Well, it's her first night living with Liam, sharing a bed.  Do you mind?  No, but Hope might. Well, I'm her mother. She will understand. Now give me the phone.  Oh, Logan. Gim me, gim me. Come on.  It's just ringing.  Is that a good sign? ( Cell phone rings ) How was the bachelor party?  Well, I wouldn't say it was on of my legendary efforts. That's probably a good thing.  Maybe. Did Liam have not as good as the time he's having right now. Oh, because daddy left the party?  Mm, daddy came home to his own party. Mm, Boy, do I have a game for you.  Really? " Pin the tail on the Katie "? Something like that. Can't keep the father of the groom waiting.  I'm not the father of the groom just yet. Sorry, little sister.  She broke another promise. She set back the wedding date. I mean, how can she do this to you, Liam?  I don't know, Steffy, but I'm sure she had a reason.  Well, she's controlling you.  No, I don't think so. I trust her, and.  I-I don't mean to fill all this doubt in your head. I'm sorry. I-I-I'll leave. I'll leave. But one last kiss wish we hadn't have done that. Uh-huh. So you gon na take a shower?  You trying to get rid of me? Of course not.  So maybe you could make another phone call? Ridge, I just want to see how she's doing.  Logan, there comes a time in a young woman's life when she really doesn't want her mother calling her. ( Cell phone rings ) (Ring) Hi, Honey. Hey, Mom. You know what's going on with Hope tonight? Oh, well, I was with Hope over at Liam's earlier. Oh, yeah? She decided to move in with him tonight. She wanted it to be a surprise. So if you're looking for your sister, she's otherwise occupied. Oh. Okay. Thanks, Mom. Rick? ( Phone hangs up )  We can't ever do that again friends.  Well, no benefits to this friendship.  That's not funny.  No. No, it's not. It's just tragic what Hope is putting you through.  She's she's not putting me through anything. She believes in something.   Yeah, it's not something I believe in, but you know what? I don't love her because she thinks the way I do.  Well, like I said. I want you to be happy. You're my hero, remember? You saved my life.   So when you're suffering, I'm suffering. I told you, and I meant it. I love you. I do love you, Liam. But I-I know that you love Hope. But I just. I have to tell you how I feel.  Steffy, if it hadn't been Hope, it could have been you. But it's Hope.  Yeah, yeah here right now, when you were telling me all the sweet, kind stories about Hope, and there was just that look in your eye that was just bright, cheerful, hey, you know what? I'd be a little hurt but I'd be happy for you ,' cause like I said, I only want the best for you.   But you don't have that right now. I mean, when a girl is in love with a man, he is practically all she thinks about. And she's not thinkin' about you. No, she's thinking about her career. Everything you're going through, it it doesn't matter to her.  I do matter to her. And she does know what I'm going through. And she feels bad.  But her career comes first. You know, maybe I'm just. A hopeless romantic. I mean, Steffy Forrester wow in love with love. that I'm gon na be with, he's gon na come number one in my life. I don't want something that's convenient, something that works. No, I-I want to go on a journey with my man. I-I want him there every step of the way. I-I know that's corny, but, um, it's true.  No, it's not. It's beautiful, and it's what I want. just. with Hope.  Well, maybe Hope will give that to you.  Thank you for saying that, even though I know you don't believe it.  No, I only know what I want and what I cherish. Life has too many obstacles to take on all by myself I want a partner. But he has to feel the exact same way.   But you do. And if Hope did, you guys could have a great marriage. But she doesn't feel that way, Liam I'm wrong.  You're a good friend.  You're a lifesaver. ( Cell phone rings ) Mm. Go ahead and get it. I'm sure it's business  Sorry. (Ring) Mm. (Ring) (Ring)  Hello?  Hey, uh, look, I-I know you can't talk but, um, I just want to let you know, uh, it didn't happen with Liam and me.  Really?  I'm sorry, Bill, mostly for myself. I-I'm in love with your son, but, uh, he's in love with another woman.  It won't work.  No, I know, but it won't stop Liam. He's gon na do everything in his power to make it work.  Just keep trying.  You know, no, Bill. No, I-I respect Liam, and he means a lot to me, so if he wants to be with him all the best. ( Cell phone rings ) (Ring) (Ring)  Hi. How was your night?  It wasn't, uh, what I expected. Are you still at work? No.  You know, I-I'd ask you to come over, but honestly, I don't even know if I could handle it. I mean, being around you, knowing that I'm not allowed to be with you the way that I want to be with you. Sometimes it's almost easier to be alone, Hope. Alone?  Yeah, I mean, aren't we aren't we supposed to talk about this? I mean, could how could you go back on your word to move up the wedding? I mean, I understand that it's partly about business for you, but how is that more important than our relationship? I mean, I love you. I want I want to be with you . I'm angry with you, too. You're angry? Yeah. Um, I'm angry, too.  O-okay, so let's do something about it. I mean, postpone your publicity tour, not the wedding. I mean, I don't want to do this anymore. I know you don't. I know, and you won't have to. I don't want this, and I know you don't want this either.  Um, wait, what are you talkin' about? We all make choices, Liam you've made yours, and now I'm making mine.  Okay, so basically you're saying that you're just you're refusing to move up the wedding. Is that what you're saying? Well, I don't want to get married anymore.  Whoa, what? What are you ta (Stammers) Wait, you're not serious. Go look on the fireplace I came on a little strong just now, but I'm not I'm Go look on the mantel, Liam.  Your engagement ring? I can't see you anymore.  Look, Hope, this is crazy. This is insane. What are you doing right now? Good-bye, Liam.  What? No, no What? Hope, don't don't hang up ( Phone hangs up ) (Sobs-quietly) (Exhales-deeply) 
This is kind of like a honeymoon. Mm.  It's great. I will miss Hope, though. I just want all our kids to be safe and happy. I know Hope is, her first night with Liam.  He better be good to her. Hope. Rick, what are what are you doing here? I followed Liam home. Oh. I know something bad happened. We can talk about it in the car. No. No, I don't I don't want to talk about it. All right, then we don't have to. But I'm not leaving here without you.  Liam, what happened?  I have no idea.  What are you doing with Hope's engagement ring?  She gave it back. She ended it. You followed him home from the bachelor party? Yeah. late. I don't know why. It's pretty obvious why. So you saw them? I know that they were in the car together. They were kissing. They they were making out. Bastard. How could he do this to me? I thought that he loved me. Maybe I should just go in there. No. No. I just want to go home. Will you please take me home? ( Engine starts )  Hope broke off your engagement?  She called and told me the ring was on the mantel.  Why? I mean, what happened?  We were supposed to talk.  Yeah, about not moving up the wedding date.  That's what I thought. That's not why she called. She called to end it. She doesn't want to marry me. ( Front door closes ) I wonder who that could be.  I Rick? Come on up. Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt. Oh, no, it's okay. Wh-what's going on? It wasn't a good night, Mom. Oh, honey, I'm sorry.  Did your sister call you? No. I just happened to be there. Where? At Liam's? I followed them from the bachelor party.  Followed them? He was with Steffy. I'll tell them. I'll tell them, Rick. It's fine. (Sniffles) I had everything set up, because I-I was gon na surprise him. And his his ca his car pulled into the driveway. but he didn't get out. He never he never got out of of the car. And so after a while, I went outside. I went up to the car. and I looked in the window, and I saw Liam making out with Steffy. honey. I still can't believe this. Of all people. He was with Steffy.  Thanks.  You said that she called you. Okay.  She must have.   Come by this afternoon, put the. ring on the mantel. She didn't even want to see me.  Well, like, maybe this is a misunderstanding. I mean, did you guys get in a fight earlier on?  No.  Then why would she do that?  You'll have to ask her. It's totally out of the blue.  Well, did you. I mean, ask her why when she called?  Yeah. She didn't want to talk.  She didn't want to talk?  No, she acted like she wanted to get off the phone. God, I guess. she really. didn't want to get married. I mean, that's why she would would pressure her. I thought I thought she was happy, you know? I thought she loved me.  I-I-I thought she loved you, too. No, I understand that her career was coming first, but I didn't think for one second she didn't want you.  Well. she didn't. I guess I pushed her too hard.  Hey, no, no, no, Liam. Don't even say that. This is not your fault. Listen to me. You are the ideal boyfriend. You loved her. You were supportive with her. You gave her all the freedom that she needed.  Why why then, Steffy? Why would she do this to me?  I don't I mean, she's a Logan. Brooke is her mom. They have issues.  That's not good enough.  Well, I honestly don't have an explanation. I mean, you guys were supposed to be married Maybe you're right. This is so bizarre. I thought I knew her, you know? I. but I didn't. I loved her so much, but I didn't really know her. When I put this ring on her finger, you should have seen her face, Steffy. I mean. it was joy. It was pure joy. And to think that she just. came in here, took it off her finger, and put it on the mantel. did she even look at it? Did she even think about what it meant? What she was doing? I I guess she did, and she didn't want it. She didn't want. me.  Why were you following Liam and Steffy? I saw Liam get into his car after the party. Steffy was in there with him.  She was with him at the party No.  Wait, I don't I don't get it what was going on, so I followed them out to Liam's place. The guy was acting weird all night. There has to be some explanation. What? They were all over each other, kissing. I saw them. What explanation can there be? Honey, listen to me. Whatever is going on tonight, there has to be some reason, something we don't know. What, Mom why would he be in his car in front of his house making out with Steffy? Why? I mean, he was probably gon na bring her inside. (Sobs) Honey. Oh, God, how could he do this to me? Okay, do you want do you want me to stay with you tonight? No. No. No, I want to be alone. He doesn't love me. After everything we've been through, it was always. Steffy.  This is all. so unreal way? Wanting to end it?  Liam, she did love you. I mean, how could she not? She isn't shallow. She had to see the goodness in you. Maybe this was. difficult for her. She was. confused. I think she wanted to make this work, but she just. she couldn't. Liam, I know you're going through a lot of pain right now, and you do not deserve that. You have been so patient with Hope. But it's gon na get better. In time, it's gon na get a lot better. There is life after Hope.   No, I know. I know that it's hard to believe. But there is, and I'm gon na be there for you. I'm gon na help you get get through this. You're gon na be my first priority, Liam.  Your project, huh?  No, we're have gone through a horrible loss. You know what? One day listen to me you're gon na wake up, and you're gon na be over it.  And then your work is done.  Well, I don't know about that. I don't think I'll ever be finished with you. I love you, Liam. I want you to be happy. I want you to be a better person. You know why? Because I'm your friend.  You've been a great friend, better than I've been to you.  Okay, you know what? Um. We're gon na get you through this. I am gon na take you by the hand, and I'm gon na get you out of this hell that you're not supposed to be in. It's gon na be tough. But you can't take it out on Hope. I mean, she's young. She's not of you who is ready.   Liam, I asked you before to end it with Hope and to start a life with me. You said you couldn't think about then. Well, maybe you can think about it now.  I've never met anyone like you.  Then we're even.  I feel like a part of me died tonight.  Then let me bring you back to life.  I will. Will you marry me, Steffy?   Marry me. ( Bianca Moon's " Will You Marry Me " playing ) There's been twists and turns but now you're back in my arms where you belong it's been hard on you but we've made it through' cause you you're my shining star  Will you marry me? Yes. You're the light I see Yes, I would like nothing more. You're the world to me will you marry me? 
You know, it's really too bad that we have to stand here and drool over Steffy in her lingerie, you know? You know you're terrible, right? What? Steffy's hot. You know it. You're serious about this? I mean, what you told me earlier, about you being interested in Steffy again? I'm sorry. Who? It's been on your calendar. It has? Oh. Yes. Christine Johnson she won the essay contest? Yes, yes, oh, of course, yeah. She's here with her mom and her sister. Okay, great. Yeah, now is perfect. Yes. Okay, I'll be back with goody bags. Okay, thank you, Madison. You're welcome. Come on in.  Hi. Hi Hi Hi, I'm Hope. Hi, welcome to Forrester Creations. Mrs. Johnson Hi 're really here. Mrs. Johnson Hey, you guys are wearing Hope for the Future. Mrs. Johnson Oh, please. It's all they'll wear anymore.  Most of our friends, too, because of you and your message.  I'm assuming you don't want to attend? T Uh, it creeps me out enough watching you get ready.  T I'm glad you're back at work, though. It'll help you.  Help me, what? Move on? T Yeah. Steffy, are you okay?  I'm fine. I signed the divorce papers. But that doesn't mean it's over for Liam and me. Can you blame me? I mean, you know better than anyone what it's like to fall for Steffy. Well, we felt for each other before, you know? That just doesn't go away. Well, it better not of you. The least you can do is end up with her. No No, Rick. What are you thinking? There is no way I'm gon na let you be with Steffy again. So it doesn't seem like I'm, I don't know, preaching at all?  Are you kidding? No. Okay, good. Good, because I-I'm really not trying to talk down to people who who don't share my values. Mrs. Johnson Well, you've never said " Be like me. " You say what you believe in that every young woman should have the confidence to make the right choice for herself.  That's exactly it. It's what I wrote in my essay. I was feeling a lot of pressure, and I wasn't ready. But it seemed like I was supposed to be. And then your line, Hope for the Future, came out And not just with talking to my boyfriend, but also with opening up to my parents. Mrs. Johnson Oh, Sweetie.  I owe that to you. Thank you. Okay, well, just tell me when Oliver gets here, okay? You bet. All right. Mom, too. Bye. You misinterpreted. That you're interested in Steffy? I may have implied. You said it. So that Marcus would believe, and you know, that in case Steffy walked in. What? Now I don't want you to get involved, okay? It it's Ridge's daughter. I-I don't want to explain it to you. Tell me. Annulment papers? If I can get her to sign, you know, I-I-I can make her fall for me again, I-if I can remind her how we how we used to feel. Look. It stops now, and I'm stopping it. T It it worries me that you're clinging to hope.  I don't cling, especially not to " Hope. " T  I take it you've given up? T They want to get married. What can I do?  Six months is a long time. A lot can change, and a lot won't. T You think that Liam will come back to you because Hope still wants to wait?  T Steffy, if if Liam is that kind of guy, why do you want him?  I don't think that will be the reason. I think he'll come back to me because his opinion doesn't matter to her. I mean, I don't I really don't get what you see in Hope, but, uh, don't give up. Liam will come back to me. T  I hope so. T You know, in love with Hope. But I'm not gon na put my life on hold, just sitting around waiting for them to break up, especially when there's no guarantee that that will ever happen. Steffy, you could wait your whole life for that. And then what?  T Liam wants out of your marriage. Why not just agree to the annulment? I just I don't see what dragging this out gets you.  So what am I supposed to do? Just give up on Liam? T No, Steff. Give up on being miserable. Live life regardless of Liam.  T Maybe someday he'll come back to you. A-and if you're still interested, that's that's great. But chances are you're gon na be in a better relationship with a-a guy who is only in love with you.  Well, I already had some guy admit that he had feelings for me. He even kissed me. But I-I . T No, not if he could really love you.  About that Rick? T (Groans)  Okay, see? Right there. Right there, your face. Okay. T Uh, Rick kissed you?  Uh, yeah, but it was. It it was just it was on the cheek. T Okay.  I'm not reading anything into it. T  I think I think he's just realizing how awesome things could have been if. things were just different between us. T Yeah, no doubt about that.  Hey. Hey.  Sorry to interrupt. Oh, no, Liam, I want you to meet the Johnson's.  Hi. Um, this is Christine. She won the essay contest that we sponsored.  Oh, wow. Hi. Yeah, um, everyone, this is my fianc Liam Spencer.  Hi. Nice to meet you. Mrs you. I hope you know how lucky you are.  I do. Mrs. Johnson Well, we should get out of your way. Thank you for your time. Okay. No, absolutely. I-it was my pleasure, seriously. I mean, talking to you really reinforces what this line is about.  Mrs. Johnson And we're grateful to you. ( Knock on door ) Madison, hey. Hey, perfect timing. Hi Um, would you mind giving Christine and her family a little tour? Oh, no problem, and I have goody bags for everybody. Mrs. Johnson Oh.  Here you go. Nice. Awesome. It was so nice meeting you. Thank you so much. Thanks. Bye, guys.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Enjoy. What? What's that look?  I just. enjoy seeing why you on people. If this is at all possible, it makes me love you even more. You know, Steffy's gon na be down here soon, so you probably should just go. And leave you to do what? Seduce her into signing annulment papers? Rick, this is crazy Look, S Steffy's messed with Hope's life so many times now. So you're gon na mess with hers? Ridge's daughter? I'm sorry. You know, I-I-I didn't want to put you I-in a tough spot. Look, just do me a favor don't don't tip off Steffy. And don't tell Ridge. Okay. Yeah? Yeah, I'll turn a blind eye and let you do what you can for your sister. Maybe it'll even help Steffy. She'll realize she can't mess with people's lives. I am not going that you have in Steffy. It's not going to work. Ridge won't support it, and neither will I. Mom? Hmm?  (Singsongy) Awkward. What are you doing with Rick?  What? Nothing? So this new interest that he has in you and it's nothing to do with you?  That's really hard for me to believe. Yeah, Mom, we we have a-a photo shoot, so. Oh, right, yes. Well, keep it professional. Hands off  Rule number one when you have a crush don't tell Mommy. What a great reminder for me. Yeah, I-I am so glad that I talked to them.  Yeah. Yeah. Who? Oh, hey, Mom. I, uh, I just met with the essay contest winner. Yeah, my line is still having an impact, which is really good right decision. even if it means waiting a little longer than I wanted.  Yeah. I may have some good news, too. What?  Yeah, what? Steffy might change her mind about the annulment.  Well, no, we've all tried talking to her. But Rick hasn't, and he's with her right now, and he might be able to appeal to her in a way that none of us were able. Your marriage could end today.   Where's Oliver? Uh, he's running late from his last assignment. But we can go through the shots, you know, just make sure you're ready to go. ( Champagne fizzing )  Cool. What's this? Oh, this is, uh, a prop.  Okay, is it is it real? Yeah, it's the good stuff. I just want to make sure you're modeling, of course.  Oh. Yeah. Mm-hmm.  Mmm. That's good. Oh, okay. Um, first setup, I want us to be. right here. Mm-hmm.  Mmm. Oh, here, yeah.  Mm, mnh-mnh. Careful, okay? There's " In the mood, " and then there's " Passed out. " All right, we we're gon na take photos of both, you know? See which one tests better.  Well, I can tell you which one my dad will approve. Yeah?  Yeah. Take off your robe. Let's run through the poses.  Okay. Damn.  What? Like, it. It couldn't have been easy for Liam.  Wait, are are you the f-first person in Hope's family to actually admit Liam wanted to be with me? I'm uh I'm just saying that obviously you guys had a connection.  Well, obviously, his connection was stronger with your sister, so if that's your point, I really don't need to be reminded. No, no, no, look, look, look, look, look, my my point is, Liam's loss is someone else's gain.  Liam's loss? He's still my husband. No, a husband doesn't do that. He doesn't go dumping you after everything you gave him.  Wait, wait. Okay, stop. What? I don't understand. It's it's either you want Liam to be with Hope or not. I don't think he should be with either one of you. Look, you know how I grew up watching my mom get hurt over and over again by a guy who loved two women. I don't want to see my sister you go through that, either. Frankly, I think she should just kick him to the curb, but she thinks the sun and the moon of him. I think that she can do better than a guy who thinks twice about leaving someone. like you. Any guy would be lucky to have someone like you. well, any red-blooded man, that is. You know, I'm beginning to think that Liam's just a boy. You know, with the choices that he makes, maybe he should be with Hope. give you a chance to be with a man. You're too smart for this chasing after some guy who disrespects you, make you feel desperate, makes you look like a fool. No, he he's the idiot who walked out on you.  I love him. You can't tell me that someone who's as intelligent as you are, as strong as you are is in love with a guy who doesn't appreciate who challenges you. Does Liam do that? Does he challenge you? No, because he's just a boy who's lost in the fog.  Thinking about another woman while he's lying in your bed.  What are you doing? Something I should have done a long time ago, but I was just. too blind to see it.  Wh-what do what do you have?  Annulment papers.  No. Whoa. Whoa, I-I gave you no indication Come on, Steffy, where's your pride?  Where's your dignity? I-I can't stand here watching you, you know, waste your time with a guy who doesn't appreciate you.  I mean, do you really think that you're in love with boy?  Because the moment that you that you have a man, you have someone someone that that holds you and kisses you what that feels like. Sign the stupid annulment papers and move on. Move on with me. You see what that feels like? What it feels like to have someone kiss you who's not thinking about another woman? Can you feel that, Steffy? Can you feel what it's like to be with me?  Do you have a pen? Yeah. You'll sign?  (Sniffles) (Sniffles) (Sniffles) (Pen-scratching) (Sniffles) (Sniffles) There we go. How fast can you have these filed? As soon as I can get it to Liam.  Do it. All right, I will. I won't be long.  Hey. I'll be waiting.  I mean, Rick won't try to, like, intimidate her? Steffy? Does she get intimidated?  Well. (Stammers) She hides it well, but, yeah, this whole process has been pretty rough on her. Don't worry. Rick knows just to see what needs to be done.  They have a very complicated history. He knows what he needs to do to. persuade her. Liam, could you imagine? I mean, could you imagine if he got her to agree? We could get married right away, no more waiting. ( Door opens ) You're free.  Wh-what? What? Yes, signed Are you serious? Yes, signed Oh, my God  Whoa (Squeals) Oh Rick. Oh, my God  Oh, my God. Liam. Liam We did it We did it Oh, my God Liam, we can get married.  We can get married. I'm going to be your wife  (Squeals) Oh Oh, my God.  
So Steffy really signed the annulment papers. I-I-I-I. Right in front of me.  Why would she do that? Are you celebrating or drowning your sorrows?  Mm, I'm congratulating myself. Join me? You bet.  Oh, good. What am I gon na congratulate you on?  Um. Well .. I made the right choice. And what choice would that be?  Ooh. Ooh, bubbles.  The annulment papers. Oh, your father told me you threw them away.  Yeah, but, uh, Rick brought a fresh set. Rick?  Yeah. And he said he couldn't stand watching an incredible woman just waste her time with a man who doesn't appreciate me. I hope you tore those papers up and threw them right in his face.  I signed them. You wanted it signed. It's signed.  What what you said to her, but I-I don't care. I am just so relieved.  I know. You know what? Aunt Katie told me not to give up. She told me not to. But just I didn't think that Steffy would ever come around. I know.  Neither did I. I how did you do it? Well, you know, Steffy and I, we we have a history. I just I reminded her that, uh, Liam's not the only guy who's on the market. That is wonderful.  Yeah. Okay, so how soon can we get to the courthouse? Uh, the courts are closed. Okay, okay. Well, then what about the, uh, the minister? Can we call him? Well, you know, or there there's always Vegas, right? No, no. right now. Not Vegas, no.  Uh. Oh, come on, Liam. He seems like a Vegas guy. What do you say? Liam.  Okay. I'm excited, too. I'm excited, too. But, um, I-I just don't think we should jump the gun here. I mean, let's just make sure that this whole thing is legit before we start making plans, ok? Hey, your marriage to Steffy's over. It ended when she signed on the dotted line. She's moved on. Look, she doesn't want to be in limbo either, you know? She, um. She what?  What? She punked me. What?  Huh? I'm sorry, sis. Let me see. This is a joke to her? Well, she's not gon na get away with it. You signed " Loser " is if he actually think I'd fall for his act. He never looked at the papers, so he never realized what you'd done?  Nope. He just grabbed the papers and ran.  Oh, God, he is so cocky, just to think that I would, like, fall for him, and we'd go back to the way we used to be. You know, I have to admit, some of the things he said were very flattering. But I'm not going to annul my marriage. Liam means way too much to me. ( Glasses clink ) Too bad for you. He's in love with my sister. And believe me when I say, he's just as ticked off about this as I am. So how's it going so far, smarty-pants? I came to talk to Steffy. Yeah, to apologize, I hope. Apologize? Yeah. For trying to playing games. I told my sister you signed those annulment papers.  Huh, without looking at them first? I expect my employees to show a little more attention to detail, Mr. Forrester. I got her hopes up. She was very excited.  Oh, and you're blaming me? I thought we had an understanding.  Oh, I understood you perfectly. Watch out. Whenever somebody doesn't do exactly what he wants, he starts the sweet talk. I meant every word. She's on to you, Rick. Cut the charade.  Grandma, um, may I talk to Rick for a second? Don't worry. I can handle him. I have no doubt about that. Just remember one thing. He always has an agenda. What do you think, Steffy? That I have an agenda?  What you have is a little sister with a big problem. And you're trying to to work. She's playing with us. It galls me, too, sweetheart. To her, this is all just a game, and right now, she's winning. Well, this can't go on indefinitely. Six months is forever, Mom. I want to be married. I want to be a wife to the man that I love. I know you do, sweetheart. Yeah, but you know what? But Steffy's not gon na let that happen, and I-I am so frustrated right now.  Hope, Hope, listen.  It's gon na work out, okay? The divorce papers are signed. They're filed. The days are just gon na tick by. Yeah, tick tock, tick tock. There are a lot of seconds in 180 days.  Okay, all right. I know that you're upset, but Upset? Upset? Liam, am. Liam. Aren't you?  Okay, well, this is not doing you any good. Okay, so. at what do we do? How do we get through to her? Maybe Rick can do something.  You know what, Brooke, I'm not comfortable with that. Okay, I'm not. Well, you know what? Somebody has to try. We all tried to reach her, and we couldn't. So maybe Rick would be able to get  He blew it, guys, okay? He blew it, all right? She saw him coming a mile away, and she signed " Loser " right there. Okay, then what you want to do? Just sit back and wait?  I just don't think that that Rick should go in and try to, like, manipulate the situation. That's all. Oh, my God. You're defending don't think that's what he's going to do.  No, it's not. I don't like being in this situation either. Then do something about it, Liam. Do something, please.  Brooke, would you mind giving us a minute? I can't do this. I can not live like this. I can't stand it. We have to get the annulment.  You're a good big brother. Not much of a con man. It wasn't a con.  God, my grandmother was right. You just don't let up. I think that you'd appreciate that in a colleague.  Employee. Yeah, see, that's funny. Your little annulment joke, uh, not so much.  No? You could have just told me that you weren't gon na sign.  Really? Would that have shut you up? Do you have problems with manipulated. Move on with me like I was actually gon na fall for that. You do need to move on, Steffy.  And that kiss. I thought that kiss was pretty hot.  Well, you overplayed your hand. Oh? You didn't stop me from kissing you. So. I'm gon na take that as a good sign.  I tried changing Steffy's mind. You know that. I know. I know. But that didn't work, so now somebody else has to.  Okay, well, Rick was not be able to do the trick. How do you know? They have a lot of history.  Because, trust me, Steffy is not as shallow as you think she is. What does that mean, Liam.  It just means that emotionally, she's not so easily swayed. Liam, that is because she wants to go after you every chance she can And it is driving me crazy. Liam, I want you. No I want to be with you in every way.  I want you, too. I know, but I made a pledge, and and and waiting until marriage means something to me, okay? And and I'm just doing it for the people who look up to me. I'm also doing it for myself. But right now, our lives are on hold because of Steffy. Being spiteful and vindictive, because she is trying to ruin everything that we have together.  I know. I know. She can't. She can't. She can't do that.  She will never be able to do that. Okay? You've got ta talk to that son of yours. Why? What happened? He's down in the photo studio trying to con Steffy again. I don't know. What you think to get her to sign annulment papers. And Steffy made it seem like she had. Clever girl. Why can't you just leave her alone? Look, I don't know what Rick thinks he has in mind, but it isn't gon na work. She's still in love with Liam. Her marriage to Liam is a farce. And she just can't accept that. She thinks that signing the annulment papers would be an admission of guilt, and Rick is just trying to help her see it another way, figure out another way to move on. He went there as a friend. That's all. They're not friends. Listen, what transpired between them happened a long time ago, and it's been over for a long time.  I still can't believe my dad thinks we can work together. It's a done deal.  Oh, I can change his mind. You won't you that you've never seen. I'm pretty sure you can already feel the heat.  You know what? Just put enough effort into my line as you did wasting all that time trying to get me to sign those stupid papers. You want to talk about some wasted effort.  Oh, you know what? Rick, don't even go there. Come on. Liam is a lost cause .. Get rid of him. Let him go.  You know, I am just sick of everybody trying to hound me, to get me to do what they want. No, I am not gon na be pushed. I am not gon na be guilt-tripped, and I am definitely not going to be seduced. I have signed the divorce papers. That's it. It's final. It's through. And if we are actually going to work together, drop it. This subject on my marriage is over. I don't want to hear then let's talk about you.  Oh. How could a woman who is who is so smokin' hot and so gorgeous sit around for six months with her memories when you could just you could spend it with me?  Hope, look at you. You're shaking. You've got ta calm down here, girl. I can't. I can't. I can't. I-I mean, I guess I'm an idiot, but I got my hopes up again, and now I  I-I know that you're disappointed. I'm disappointed, too. Disappointed? No, Liam, I'm s that's not it. I am angry. Steffy is holding us hostage.  No, I don't think she sees it that way. No, of course, she doesn't, Liam, because she can't see anything from anybody else's point of view, ever.  Okay, I know Steffy. This is about the law. It's all about Steffy Okay, she could busily give you the annulment. She just won't.  I-I know. I'm just I'm saying that legally she has that right. Okay, well, she shouldn't have any rights, Liam. Your marriage was a deception.  I know, Hope. I know. What do you want me to say? She gets to make that demand. And we have to respect it. Okay, well, I don't respect it. And I don't respect her. Liam, she has been manipulating both of our lives for months, longer than that. Since we got engaged. Or since since we started dating, she has been throwing herself at you. And and I-I get that you want to be sensitive to her, because you care about her, but, Liam what about me? I love you. I want to be but we can't do any of that until we are married. And I made that promise to myself, and I am not going to back out on that, and and and I'm sure as hell not going to let Steffy push me into something that I don't feel is right. Liam, she is using this to control us. Like we are her puppets. She's using this to wreck everything that we have. And someone has to stop her, because it's not fair. It's not right.  Okay, okay, listen. And I don't know what to do about it.  Hey, hey, stop. Calm down. Calm down. Get a grip, okay? You and I are together. We're together. Steffy can't change that.? Nobody can change that. I love you, okay? I love you. Okay.  And I will always love you. Okay. (Breathing-heavily) I I want you. God, I want you so much. You need to face reality, Steffy. You're gon na be alone. Liam will be with Hope, and it'll be just you and your memories.  Yeah, and a lot of work that I'll obviously be doing all by myself. I know you. You're not the kind of person that just sits around and wishes that that things could be different. If you can't change a situation, you just switch course. What is it with this guy? It's not like he's all that handsome or all that dynamic.  I love him, Rick. And he loves my sister.  But he loves me, too. He wants a life with Hope, and she wants him.  Okay. Then they're gon na have to wait six months. She's already waited months.  Then okay, then they're gon na gon na change anything.  Then why are we having this conversation? Then why are you holding on? I mean, you know, I-I think about this, and it it just seems like it's some kind of fatal attraction with you .,  Ooh, wow. My, my, very dramatic. Okay, you want to know why? Because Liam is a genuine person. He's honest. And I can trust him. You know, unlike a lot of men that I have been with. They just used me so I could just boost their ego or they could get back at my dad. Liam doesn't want anything from me. Then he's nuts, because he should want everything that you have to offer.  Okay, then he'll figure it out. What if he doesn't?  Oh, my God. Rick, I just I don't want to go there, okay? But you will. six months? Until that divorce is final and Hope and Liam are married. And then you're gon na kick yourself for wasting so much time.  So what am I supposed to do? Just rip off the bandage and just get it over with? You're the boss.  Well, I don't know if I really want to work with you anymore. Why? Because you're afraid we can't keep it professional?  No, because I'm afraid your ego won't fit in my office. We'll be great together. You and I, what we had, it wasn't just about getting back at your dad. You know, I can still remember what what pulled us together, and it was real, and it was exciting, and we had chemistry, and I can still feel it and personally, I know you're not the kind of woman just to hang yourself out to dry.  I don't know think I do.  No, I think you're wrong. I've changed, Rick. Thanks to Liam?  Yes. Because I know what real love is. Let me tell you something about love. Love needs to be nurtured.  Yes, it does. But it's not gon na happen between you and me. You know what I think?  Hmm? That we're gon na rock this Intimates line. And it's not gon na end there.  It will, Rick. I'm not taking no for an answer.  Well, it takes two to cha-cha-cha. Why can't we just have a nice rumba? ( Cell phone rings ) Hey. I-I-I was just with Liam, and this waiting is making me crazy. What are you gon na do, Rick? Don't worry. I'm gon na get the papers signed. I-I don't care what you have to feet. I-I-I don't care. Get the annulment papers signed, okay? Make it happen. I will. Okay. Soon, Rick, please. It it can not be soon enough. 
No matter how far he went, you're thinking J.T. went under, right? (Sobbing) I believe in the power of prayer. You gave me a miracle once, you brought J.T. back to me, dear God, please, give me another miracle. I never got a chance to say good-bye to him. You wouldn't do that to me, would you, God? Please. Let him live. Let us find him. (Screaming)  You must have thought I was nuts ringing your bell at this hour. Of course when do you think I'm not nuts. Anyway, on that short list of people I could call in an emergency like this, that list was short. Your name is the only one on it. I keep picturing it. Our initials inside a heart, carved on a tree. And other people will be wondering about it. The same way that we're still wondering about that can. What can? Not that weird Sanskrit thing-a-ma-jig? Well and somehow it turned up again in the hand of the frozen corpse in the canal. I just wondering about things I can never know about. Like the couple up the river bank tonight and what they took from there. Yeah, that was cool. Yeah. I wonder what it was.  He should be in his car seat.  Give me a break. He's cold as an icicle, and he needs body heat. I love that old car seat.  Why is he so quiet? Why'd you look at me like that? Looking like he's breathing.  I don't know, Glen, could be he's dead.  No way, no son of mine's going die like this. We're getting him to a hospital. I need some help in here, now Hold it Hold her Stand back, hold her down  If you hurt my daughter in any way I will destroy you Drip Lexie? Lexie? Why is she fighting me so hard? Lexie? Can't breathe No I've seen Jennifer lose it before. Usually over some dumb stunt of mine, but I've never seen a wreck like this. Jennifer has inner reserves of strength. She gets that from you.from a long line of Horton women. Pioneer stock. This time. reminds me of when Abigail chopped that little porcelain doll she got at Christmas She couldn't believe I could not glue that doll's tiny little face back together, it's tiny smashed pieces. It's like Jennifer's heart is smashed. Unravelling. I'm sorry, I've been up all night.  Darling, darling you did the right thing coming to get me. And thank you. I had no choice. She really needs to see you, Mrs. Horton. We were too far away to get a good look at what they picked up, but it a laundry basket. Like you have ever seen a laundry basket close-up, rich boy. You mean rich boyfriend. I know, they were camping and they were just folding up their tent. It was too small for a tent. You're really into this, aren't you? Well, I'm intrigued. I mean, tonight you carved our heart on the tree, just the most romantic thing ever, and suddenly this other couple. Wait I know exactly what they were doing there. Look, I'm not saying the baby went under, okay? We're still conducting a search here, and I say that no news is good news. Now I got my people headed down river for a drag and search of the entire section, okay? Right. Hang in there, bud. Yeah, yeah. I trust you. Yeah, he's a good man. Doesn't mean he's going to find my . It's been a rough night for you, making sure Lexie got to the hospital, getting the kids out of that elevator shaft. You hanging in there? I have no choice. Shawn and Hope, waiting for me to come home with news. What if it isn't good news? I don't think hope could take it. It will be good news, Bo. What are you doing why aren't you home with Shawn and Belle? I want to be here when they find J.T. Our baby's alive, I know it, and we're not giving until we find him.  Oh, dear. How long has she been like this? Ever since the drugs wore off and she woke up. I tried to get her to stay in bed after she woke up and rest, but. I better go up and check on Abigail. I shouldn't have left Abigail up there with Jennifer so out of, you did the right thing. If abbey had needed her, Jennifer would have found the strength.  Those famous reserves, right? Thank you. Bless you. Gram?  Mmm. What are you doing here?  I came because you needed me. I killed Hope's baby. Did Jack tell you? I killed J.T. What am I going to do, Gram?  You're going to be strong. The way you've been all of your life. This isn't like anything else in my life.  No. Hope's baby is gone.  I know, darling. Come here, be comforted. Gram. Please tell me that they found J.T. Please tell me they found him.  No. I'm sorry. Oh, Gram. It should be me, grandma. I should have fallen in the water. I should be the one who's dead now  You always hated myn't stop me then, and it's not going to stop me now. You better listen to me very carefully, young lady. So do you think the people at the river were into something criminal? Not criminal, romantic. You're just in a romantic mood. Well that's what made me realize. I'll bet that years ago they were just like us, and be he brought her to the riverbank to carve their initials on a tree, and now she brought him to have a picnic by their tree, and they were just folding up blanket that they used to lie under the stars and look how much their tree has grown. Just like their love. And I'll bet that one day they're going to want to bring their kids there and their grandkids to see it. Hey, maybe they had their kid with them and that's what they were picking up from the river, the baby. Huh? How's that Come on, boy. Come here, boy. Aww. Oh, come here. (Baby-crying) Oh, hey. It's okay, little buddy. Yeah. It's okay. Can you keep it down a little bit? Hmm number you're making Barb kind of nervous.  Cute You're making Barb kind of nervous, ha?  Look, lookie. Hey, see? There's all the proof you need. I'm his dad and he knows it.  Well, I'm glad he's better, but I want to get him checked out by a doctor. I mean, he could still be hurting.  No, he's just like me. If he's hurting, he's going to let you know loud and clear. He's not going to go on and on, milking it. Oh. Right buddy? Ha? You're my little tough guy, aren't' ya? Huh? Yeah. (Baby-crying) No, it's shh. See, I'm his dad and he knows it.  Well, if that's what you want to believe, okay, but we don't know for sure you're the dad.  How much more sure do we have to be. It said Isaac on the car seat, that's what they call those kids, my kid. End of story.  End of story. How the hell did that happen, huh? How did he end up on a riverbank for God's sake? It's okay, you don't have to cry. That's it, deep breaths. Easy. That's it, nice and easy, in and out. All right. And release her. She's breathing normally. Good work. Excuse me, Nancy. What are you still doing here? I signed you out. Um, listen, what Lexie needs right now more than anything is a lot of peace and quiet, some rest. All right, fine. If she gets agitated though I want to you hit the if she gets agitated though I want to you hit the call button. I'd prefer be one than two of you. I'll let you decide. She's my wife. I'd like to be alone with her.  She had a father before she had a husband. Well, technically. It's not like you were ever there for her.  I was never given the chance to be there. I have that chance now. Just try to get rid of me. Hey, I thought you wanted to go home. I'm a little scared. What, are you feeling okay? What's wrong? I'm fine ; honey, but Stefano DiMera threatened me. You know what? There's one word for that guy but because I'm still on the job I'm not going to say it. Craig, I Lexie say something about switching babies at the hospital. That is so cute that you thought they brought their baby. Cute? Yeah, it is way too late to bring a baby out. Besides, they'd want their child to be older so that they could explain the significance of the tree. But I do think that the blanket thing is right. Yeah, yeah definitely a blanket. Philip, could you do something for me? Could you make this night go on forever? Well, that's kind of tough. The sun's going to be coming out soon. Well don't let it. We'll keep driving under the stars and keep talking and talking. Well, we figured out the people on the riverbank. What do you want to talk about next? I don't know. Normal things. Silly things. Happy things. Like love. Do you know what you just said? You said the take that one step further and say you love me. Abe. Where am I? You're in the hospital, Lex. Hospital? What happened? There was an explosion sweetheart and you've been having trouble breathing and you had this awful nightmare.  Don't mention that or she will be upset again No No, I want to talk about it. I want to know what happened. And I was, where's my baby? Where's It's okay. It's okay, he's fine. One of the nurses has him. No No, I want my baby Okay, all right, all right, I'll go get him, I'll be right back. All right, okay, okay.  Alexander, we just have a moment. No, no, damn it, wake up and listen. Come oh come on. Nancy was with me in the cubicle next was having a heart attack or something, but she overheard you saying that the babies were switched in the hospital. Oh my God.  Yeah Oh, I was so careful.  But, but the lab was blown up, so we don't have to worry about Glen and his DNA anymore. But if she opens her mouth I could lose my baby to Hope. Oh God. Oh God. Okay, okay, I have to stop Nancy.  What difference does it make how he ended up in that riverbank? We've got him now. That's all that matters. Barb&gt; Honey, they must be going of their mind worrying. You've got let them know he's all right.  Kelly will. Hope, you shouldn't be here. I can't be anywhere else. It's the last place we know J.T. was, within 50 feet of where we're standing. Okay. That's right. Well, there's nothing we can do but wait now. There's a crew out there searching. And ...? So far they've come up with nothing. I don't understand. I just don't understand. He fell up there on the bridge. He wasn't underneath the car, he wasn't on the riverbank, he fell into the water, right in there. Yeah. And the car seat would float because it was made to do that. So they should have found him by now, dragging the river, but they haven't. Just hoping one thing. He's alive. I feel it I hope to God you're right, Hope. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? What? God sakes, tell me What? It's as if J.T. just disappeared. Well, look what we've got. Oh, my precious little sweetheart Oh, and I'm sure he missed you, too. After all you are his mother. He needs you. Abe, do you know if Nancy Wesley are still around? I'd like to speak to her. Can't that wait until the morning? I need to rest. Oh honey, I need to see her now. It won't take but a few minutes. Okay.  I'll hold my grandson. That's all right, he's more comfortable with me. Come on, let's go.  I've already warned the Wesley woman to keep her mouth shut, so what are you planning on telling her? I don't know yet.  What happened tonight on the bridge was tragic. But it wasn't your fault. Gram, J.T. was in my care. Hope trusted her baby with me. And now he is gone.  I know, but there's nothing else that you it were your baby, would you understand? I mean, if I had lost  Sometimes things happen in life. Sad, terrible things and we have no control. You did all you could tonight. Gram, it wasn't enough  Someone right here in this house needs you now, Jennifer. Your daughter. Abigail's been through a very difficult time, darling, and she needs the support of you and Jack. Right now. You know what, Gram? Abbey is stronger than you think. You know sometimes I think that she's the parent and Jack and I are these little kids who can't quite get it together.  She's, she's precocious but that doesn't mean she doesn't need your advice, your oh, Gram, let's be honest, I'm the last person who should be giving out advice right now. I just, I feel like I have been sliding into this funk for so long, I don't feel like I'm any good to anybody. Especially my innocent little girl  You are the one person that she needs. No, Gram I look okay to you, but I am not I'm not okay I'm in. I'm in pieces I don't even know who I am, and I feel like that I should be put away for my good, for everybody's good, just like my mother was You mean I'm finally going to hear those three little words? Ah that would be just a little bit too much romance for one night, don't you think? No, I think I could really get into that actually. Actually, it's still, it still really scares me, Philip. Like if I say the words the feeling will go away. Well maybe that's true for some people, but not for us. Oh, we're so Chloe. Come on, ever since I took your glasses off and looked in your eyes for the very first time? You remember that don't you? On the docks. I knew right then. I knew something was started in my life, and here we are, more than a year later and it's not over yet. It's never going to be over. That's not what your father thinks.  Well it's my life, not his. Well what if he never accepts me? Then we'll run away, like I said. Okay? I've got money. What if he cuts you off? Chloe, you're not getting this, okay? We could live in a log cabin, we could live in a one bedroom apartment, a cave It wouldn't matter, as long as we're together. You really mean that, don't you? Hey, I'm the guy who guy who put a heart around it. That's forever, Chloe, our secret love. In our secret place. We'll never tell anybody where we were or what we did tonight. J.T .'s out there, I know he is. I just hope he stays safe until we can find him. And the search team is working on that you should go home, get some rest You're tired Bo, I was tired giving birth to him, I couldn't stop and rest then. I'm certainly not going to stop now until J.T. is in my arms again. And you know what, Brady? Then we'll both go home and we'll crash together. Oh, Bo, I love you. You are the most loving, supportive husband, and the best father. Just ask Shawn. Ask J.T. when he's old enough to talk. And you There is no better friend in the world than our eldest son tonight and now you're here, searching for our youngest. Thanks. I know. I know you care about J.T. just as much as Bo and I do. Well, he's he's my God son, and I always will have a very special place in my heart. But I'll tell you one thing that kid really lucked out when he got you as parents. Couldn't pick a better mom or dad. And I mean that. You really surprised me earlier when you were talking about your mom am and dad. I thought that you totally blamed your mother for breaking apart your family. Oh, mom definitely blew it, but dad, well, he's I was with my mom all my life. She was all I had. Dad was he was just there for me. I thought you were very angry with your mother. Oh, for sure. But she loves me. don't want bad things to happen to her. What are you thinking about? Just that sometimes I wish that I had that kind of compassion for Nancy. But it's just, it just isn't there. Well, it could be if you make it there, you know? If you try harder to make a connection. Chloe, she's the only mom you've got. Take the next left. Left? Yes, take me to the hospital. I want to see my mother. Excuse me, Lexie. Abe said that you needed to see me? Yes. Ah, my father told me about your heart attack and I wanted to make sure you were okay. Oh, no, I didn't have a heart attack ; it was, um, just severe indigestion. Oh well I've seen people doubled over in pain with that sure they were dying. It was awful. I hope to Yeah, I hope you don't, either. Um, Nancy, I understand there is some confusion about something I said earlier tonight. Oh, you mean about the hospital switching the babies? Yeah. I am so sorry. I mean, you're the wife of the chief of staff. I can imagine what went through your mind when you heard that, but you can relax. I can? Yeah. You see, um, I was having this really weird nightmare. I've been a pediatrician for years, and I'm afraid that I have variations on this night mare fairly often. Well, in tonight's dream I was in the hospital at the nursery, and all of a sudden a bomb went off and all the babies started crying and then the lights went out Lexie, it's okay. No wonder you had something like that. I mean, after everything you've been through Oh, Nancy, it was started crying even more and they were frightened. Well so I said that the hospital had to turn the light switch back on for the babies Switch for the babies. Switch babies. Switch Oh. Lexie, I thought you said that the hospital switched the babies. I had overheard your father telling Craig that well, some guy's come to town claiming to be Isaac's bio dad and I naturally, misunderstanding, I thought that that's what you were talking about and No No, no, no. No, my goodness. How could that be? I know. Right. Um, listen, thank you for coming in here. I just didn't want you to get the wrong impression. I am so glad that your heart attack was a false alarm. Oh, thank you very much. Now you get some rest, okay? If you can with the nurses popping in and out. Wake up, well. Well, I guess I should say good night. Or good morning. Whatever. Okay. See you later. Bye-bye. What the hell's going on with you two? Daddy's fine, Abigail. That feeling you're picking up on, my perceptive little miss, is worried. About mommy? Yup. Being in a car accident's no fun. She's pretty shaken up. So let's make a deal you and me, okay? Tomorrow we're going to be quiet and supportive with mommy. And if she's not her usual jolly self, we won't ask a lot of questions and we won't let it bother us, okay? We'll give mommy some space. We'll that's what I was going to say. We're going to give her some space and some love and support. Okay, daddy. That's my little girl. Now it's time been up way too late. And lo and behold, it's now way too early. De. Dee dee dee. I love you Abigail. Just like mommy and daddy love you. I love you, too. I love Mommy and Daddy, too. I love you, too. Pleasant dreams. Night night. Are you sure mommy's okay? I'm on my way, my lady.  Your mother had severe psychological and emotional problems that troubled her for years. You were in an accident Gram, my mother left me on a bus when I was a little girl younger than abbey. She was irresponsible. And that's what I was tonight. I should have come back here instead of staying at Bo and Hope's house, Gram. But you know what? I wanted to get back at Jack. I wanted to be as irresponsible as he is. Well you know what? I outdid Jack Devereaux tonight, and, because I was playing games And Gram, I remember, remember when they put mom in that institution. And she would tell me how. how she could feel so clearly that she was losing her mind. And Gram, I'm so scared, because I feel that way. Now I feel that way tonight.  Darling, you are not mentally ill I mean, maybe I should be punished for keeping Jack and Abbey apart for all those months but, but why is God punishing Bo and Hope? And why are you here? You should be with Hope  Because you need me tonight I don't deserve your help Your great grandson is probably dead because of me Philip, you don't have to come with me I should talk to my mother by myself. I can be your moral support. Well you've already been my inspiration. Really. The things you said about your mother, about not made me a better person. I think you're perfect already. You know that. Because you're so sweet. Well, take your time, okay? I'll be right here waiting for you. No, that's okay. I'll get home on my own. Are you sure? Yeah, I don't want your dad to think we eloped or something. Sounds good to me. Thank you for one of the best nights of my life. Really. Now wish me luck. Break a leg. That's what they say to performers, right? Right. Thank you. Hey. If I'd lost Abigail last night, if she'd been the child in that car, how would I go on? She's my heart and soul. Let's be totally direct. Jennifer there's no kinder and compassionate woman in the world, but God, if that baby really is dead, to live with it.  Blaming yourself won't change anything. I know, Gram. Nothing will ever change this awful, awful night. And that is why I have to blame myself, Gram. I was a coward To leave my daughter and Jack in this house. The first night in our new house. Yeah, it would have been hard, Gram, but you know what? It wouldn't have killed me And I decided to go hide out at Hope's. And now her baby's gone. I am a terrible person who is responsible for the death of an innocent baby, Gram Don't you ever say that again I brought your grandmother over here to help you. More than anybody else I know, Alice can cut the bull and call a spade a spade. But God knows, obviously you've decided not to listen to her words of wisdom. You are stuck with my ravings, such as they are. I hope you'll listen to me. Nancy Wesley. If you don't get out of here, I'm going to check you back in, do you hear me? I was on my way home, but Lexie Carver said she wanted to see me, so I went in there and she explained to me that I had totally misunderstood about the hospital switching the babies. Ah, see? What a relief. Because the last thing that we need here at university hospital is a lawsuit, right? Now get home, get some rest and I will see you later, okay? Okay. What is this doing here? Hmm. See you. Something just doesn't seem right.  What's wrong, Abraham? I'm not allowed to look at my daughter? She was almost killed last night, for goodness sake And I am relieved that she is going to be all right. Perhaps when you're a father long enough, Father, please. You'll upset the baby. You know, I think his diaper's a little bit wet right now. I'll go and change him. You know, you need to get over yourself DiMera. You're not the most important person in this room, or in this family.  I don't know how you stand that sanctimonious man. But you, on the other hand, you, you are brilliant. You neutralized that meddling doctor's wife, and now that the lab has been destroyed and we don't have to worry about Glen anymore, I think that we are home free, sweetheart. After all that little boy's been through, what a heartbreaker. You know, with that bridge blowing up that baby must have falling what, 50 feet? I hate to say it, but no way little J.T. Brady's alive.  So what's the plan? Are we going on the run with this baby?  else would be letting him down. I did that once already with Marlo. By not doing the right thing. Finding him tonight was like God giving me a second chance with him, Barb. He was meant to be with his real father. Right, boy? Hmm? Isn't that right, buddy? It could be you and me forever. And Barb, too, if she gets with the program.  You're making a mistake, Glen. Such a big mistake. Did you find him? Did you find my son? Search-Team No, I'm sorry. Look, no one on the search team understands what happened. We combed every inch of this place. We dragged the river down to where it was a trickle. There was no baby in the car seat, nothing. What do you think? Search-Team If that baby was in there, we'd have found him. Now, I mean no matter how tiny he was, he 'm saying? Unless you gave that baby swimming lessons, and he unhooked himself from that seat belt and swam to shore, all of which we know couldn't have happened What do you think happened? Say it. Search-Team I'm sorry to say, ma'am, but I I think somebody took your baby. I'd stake my life on it. I knew it I knew it I told you, Bo I told you John, my son's alive. He's alive. He's alive. 
What are you doing here? The nurse didn't tell you? I was here before. Chloe's voice You mean we all thought my mother was dying, but all she had was gas? No, she didn't tell me. Look, I didn't tell you I was here before because you were resting. Oh. Well, then, exactly why did you come back? I'm not sure. Well, actually, I came to talk to you because of something Philip said. I'm in the hospital, but you came back because of something Philip said? Yeah, that's right. Of course, whatever Philip wants Philip, your best friend, your advisor, your mentor. You know, I should have known it was a mistake to come here. Look, Chloe, just one more question before you take off again. How long are you going to blame me for your unhappiness? I don't know, Ed., he is right. Someone found J.T. And took him. It's the only explanation.  Bo, we used Sonar, every piece of equipment we could get our hands on, and that baby isn't in that river. Not a trace? Because someone took him, but he's alive. I know it, I feel it. Hope, I don't want you to get your hopes up. Bo, look, I knew before there was something wrong and I was right, and I'm telling you right now J.T. is alive. I'm right about that. That's something to think about. We have to keep looking, we have to find out what happened to him.  I was thinking it's time to lift the media blackout. No, no, no, no. No. Why not? Because we got to search this area for evidence. We don't want the media is. That's right, and at this point, if someone did take J.T ., We don't want him to know we're out there looking for him. Ed, get your men to search this area with a fine-toothed comb. And they left something behind, you got to find it.  All right, you got it. And you, I want you to go home and get some rest. No, absolutely not. Yes. You're going to be in the way down here. You will. All right, you want to make yourself useful? Go see Lexie, see how she's doing. You got your cell phone on you. I'll call you if there's any news. Go on, get out of here. Please don't be long. Okay. You call me. I will. Anything. Bye. Get out of here. So, what do you someone out there took J.T. And he's all right? I don't think she could take it if he isn't.  What's wrong, Abraham? I'm not allowed to look at my daughter? She was almost killed last night, for goodness sake, and I am relieved that she's going to be all right. Perhaps when you are a father long enough, you will know what I am talking about. Father, please. You'll upset the baby. Yeah, I think his diaper's a little bit wet right now. I'll go change him. You know, you need to get over yourself, DiMera. You're the most important person in this room or in this family.  I don't know how you stand that sanctimonious man, but you, on the other hand, you you were brilliant. You neutralized that meddling doctor's wife, and now that the D.N.A. has been destroyed and we do that we are home free, sweetheart. After all that little boy's been through, what a heartbreaker. You know, with that bridge blowing up, that baby must have fallen, what, 50 feet? I hate to say it, but no way little J.T. Brady survived. Gasps Kim, come in here  Alexandra, calm down. Sweetheart, calm down. Just take it easy. Kim, come here, please  Don't get excited. Honey, are you all right? What is it? What did you say about Hope's baby? Oh, God, you heard me. Get Abe, please. I need to see Abe. Get him now. I'm so sorry. Oh, God.  You have to get control of yourself. What, control myself?  Yes, yes. If Hope loses J.T.  Look, be quiet, for goodness sake would you please be quiet, huh? Oh, God.  You heard them, right? Which means that somebody could hear you. All right, look, look, listen to me now. You have got to be strong, very strong. You have only to think of your son, all right? Stay calm. Just a great job keeping her calm. I'm sorry. Lex, Lex, it's okay. It's okay. It's all right. They found him? They found J.T.? No, no, no, no, not yet, but you need to take care of yourself, sweetheart. Take care of yourself. Now calm down. That poor baby. Poor Hope. I know, I know, but you've got to get well for our son. He fell in the river? Everybody's looking for him. We'll find him, I promise. We'll find and now Marlo's baby is there, too. Lex, what do you mean? What do you mean Marlo's baby? What do you mean?  Glen, we have to give him back. If we don't, we'll be kidnappers. We'll be on the run for the rest of our lives.  But this is my son.  You don't even know that for sure. All the D.N.A. tests were blown up in that lab.  Then I know a way we can keep him legally. Okay, he's not in the river. No one's found any indication that J.T. was ever on the banks. You thinking what I'm thinking? More than likely. What if Hope is right, that J.T .'S alive? It smells like DiMera. Yeah. Yeah. All right, before we send everyone off looking for a needle in a haystack, let's go over got pregnant. She was being controlled by DiMera. Now, she's always insisted that DiMera wasn't the father, but what if he is, huh? He would wait for the right moment to kidnap J.T. Bo, I'm not so sure about that. So what he does is create the right moment by blowing up half of Salem as a distraction, and he takes Lexie to Tuscany. He has a perfect alibi. He can say he's a potential victim. We want to get to J.T ., All we got to do is follow that road. Bo, trust me on this one. You're wrong.  Glen, you can't take the law into your own hands.  Yeah, well, that's what they did, didn't they, the carvers? They stole my son, Barb. They lied to me over and over again. They did everything to keep me from him.  So did his mother.n't want you raising her child.  Oh, like Marlo knew what she wanted. We brain was mush from all those booze and drugs.  She didn't even tell you he was born.  Because she hated you, Barb. She didn't want you raising her son.  Okay, can we skip the part where I have to compete with some literally dead drunk?  Okay, fine. He would be dead right now if we didn't find him. What kind of parents would let that happen?  Oh, come on. He was strapped into his car seat. Obviously there was a horrible accident. You saw those spotlights last night.  Barb, the town was blown up. Of course there were spotlights.  Okay, well, I'm going to turn on the radio and listen to the news, and if this whole town is looking for him, then we have to give him up.  Over my dead body. sedated. She does not know what she is talking about. Sweetheart, sweetheart, our son's in good hands. One of the nurses is looking after him. You understand that, don't you? Our son's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I understand. Is J.T. dead? Oh, honey, honey Abe, please, come on. Tell me, all right? Don't try to calm me down, all right? I have to know. They're dragging the river. There's no evidence of the baby. Honey, that's a good sign. All those times I told Hope that she didn't know what it felt like to think that you could lose your baby. She must be in hell right now. Lex? Hope. Oh, Hope, hi. Stefano. Oh, sweetie. Oh, thank God you're okay. What are you doing here? okay. Hope, I'm so sorry. Shh. I am so sorry. It's okay. It's okay. J.T. Is okay. They found him? No, no, not yet, but, um, he's not in the river, and I know he's okay. You know how you just feel things about your kids? Well, I know right now that J.T. Is in a very safe place. This has been such an awful night. But you're fine, and so is J.T. And the sun is up and this terrible night is over. Oh, look at you. You are so strong. I am so mad. I am so angry. Someone terrorized this whole city last night and is responsible for the acts that took my son away from me. I won't rest until that person pays. I swear. Nancy, I don't blame you for my unhappiness Yeah? Well, you sure spend an awful lot of energy on being nasty to me. Not that much. It comes naturally. Oh, I know why. I believe it has something to do with, " you threw me out like a piece of garbage. " I believe that's your favorite quote, right? No, I like " unkinder than a serpent's tooth. " You are so smart, so smug. Well, let me tell you something, dear. Just because you have a high I.Q. doesn't mean that you are not mean and vindictive, and I'll tell you something else. I was 19 years old, just three years older than you are right now, when I was pregnant with a child that was conceived with. It's too painful for you to even talk about, right? Let's just say that it was not a fairy tale romance. I've tried to explain that to you. more. I'm done. From now on, I don't give a damn. What else is new? Think anything you like, you can say anything you like. I don't care. You have won. Your incessant nastiness has triumphed. I no longer have any feelings for you. But I do have one feeling, one memory that I will always cherish. I don't care. I remember an innocent little child, Chloe, a beautiful, beautiful little baby girl, and when they were taking you away, I wanted to be the one that was holding her. I loved to watch the way she moved, the way she stretched, the way a newborn does when they've just been released from the womb. One on hand, they're free, and on the other, they're afraid, coming into a whole new world. That's a memory that I will always remember and hold dear. But I will no longer me right now. So you're saying you don't love me anymore. I've just got to say it, Bo. I think you're on the wrong track here. You just said yourself the whole thing smells of DiMera. You saw him running out of the restaurant just before the explosion. He knew it was going to happen because he organized it. He organized it to get J.T. Bo, you heard Maggie. DiMera figured out a bomb was planted in the car. The reason he bolted out of Tuscany was to get to Maggie. To make himself look like a hero. How do you figure out a bomb is in a car? Because you put it there to make yourself look good. Listen, listen, I believe that he's capable of doing everything that you're talking about. But? He wouldn't endanger his daughter, not Lexie. All right, so he didn't want the restaurant the  John, here's the list you wanted 10 explosions, same M.O ., without a reason in the world. Oh, there's a reason in the world, all right. There it is. Eastside Lab? Eastside Lab. Eastside Lab this is the lab where Abe and Lexie were having the D.N.A. tests done. Now no one knows the results. So Lexie doesn't lose her baby. Lexie doesn't lose her baby. Think about it. Think about it. DiMera finds this Marlo chick, she gives up her baby to Abe and Lexie, and then what? She disappears. Yeah, except she turned up again frozen in the canal at my wedding. Then she disappears again, this time from the morgue. DiMera's signature's all over that. And evidently DiMera and the mole in your department didn't move fast enough to stop the computer projection, which leads this guy to for Lexie not to lose the kid, they blow up the lab and half of Salem. Well, no one ever accused DiMera of doing things halfway, have they? A problem with that. What's that? Got rid of those results. All what's his name? The father has to do is demand a retest. That's perfect. Bought DiMera more time. Next time he'll have his people inside the lab to switch the samples. He will ensure the D.N.A. does not match. He did it for Lexie, Bo, for his daughter, not to take J.T. And you know this because? Because DiMera's not J.T .'s dad. Trust me. I'd like to, John. I don't know why you're so damned sure about this.  I should be in there with my daughter. I want my wife to have time alone with her friend. You know, . Something go wrong with your plans last night?  Stefano, I never intended that Alexandra be harmed. I placed the bomb in Maggie Horton's car, wrapped in pretty rainbow-colored wrapping paper.  The hell with your rainbows. You idiot, you almost got me killed, too.  Stefano, I planted bombs all over Salem. I thought you would be pleased. You you especially wanted one placed near Tuscany in order that you might not be a suspect. When I saw what was happening, that you were in danger, I wanted to stop it, but what could I do at that point? I could do nothing. It was too late.  I don't know what the hell you are talking about. I'm talking about the Eastside Lab, which doesn't exist anymore. You know, I know you'd do anything for Lexie and I know there are things that she's not telling me, but now Bo and Hope's son is, including your own daughter's.  This is preposterous. I don't know anything about any bombs. I was almost killed myself, for goodness sake. You go ask your friend Maggie Horton. I saved her life. You just pulled a fast one, that's all.  Oh, you and Bo. When you can not do your job, you simply blame me. You know, we are going to do our jobs. We're going to find out who set those bombs and why Marlo died, and we're going to find out who took Marlo's body from the morgue.  Oh? You haven't been able to do it so far. Well, I think there's someone in Salem who will be able to give answers to our questions. You know, maybe a little reward might entice them. Can you think of anyone who might have the answers?  There, we've listened to the news on four different radio stations about a missing baby.  That doesn't make any sense.  Well, maybe the cops think the terrorists who blew up the bridge took the baby.  Then why were there all those spotlights in the river last night? No, they were looking for the baby.  What are you doing?  What we have to do. I'm going to call the cops and tell them we got a kid that doesn't belong to us.  Turn it off. We're not calling the cops. We're making plans.  Glen, I don't want to make you mad, but when they don't find that baby, they're going to bring in law people from all over the county to look, okay? So let's at least go to the bridge and see what's going on.  Okay, okay, but if you try anything, anything at all, this marriage is over, got it? I have to, uh . Bo and I think it was Stefano who set off the explosions. Sighs I don't know what to say, Hope. We've never let who your father is come between us before, and I'm not going to let it now, but remember how you felt when you thought you lost Isaac? Yeah. Right now I don't know where my son is, and if your father had anything Hope, please. Lex, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean Oh, Hope, please don't say you're sorry to me. Okay. Here's what I meant to say. I know I can count on you. Mm-hmm. I know you understand what I'm going through right now. I do. And I understand what you're going through. So if this Glen person turns out to be Isaac's biological father, you just know that you can my power to help you, okay? And this I can't believe that you're thinking about me at a time like this. I think of you as my sister. I think of our sons as brothers, and, Lex, I know what you would do for me, and just know that I will do the same for you, okay? Groans you don't deserve this. I can't do this to you. I can't. Go ahead and say it. I can see it in your eyes when you look at me. You don't love me anymore. You won't let me love you. I have tried to reach you, but the more I try, the more the more you hate me, and hate real hate is very powerful, Chloe. Hate destroys. It destroys the person who hates. Well, you're right. I do hate you. I hate the fact that mean you haven't figured out why? Because you gave me away You just got through saying that newborns are afraid of coming into a whole new world. Well, imagine how scary it is being taken from your mother and handed to strangers. I've spent my whole life asking, " why would she do such a thing? " I used to lie awake at night wondering if you were even looking for me. Crying but you never came, and so I stopped wondering. And then, all of a sudden, there you were. And all my dreams had come true. But a hell of a lot of feelings died along the way, and the only ones I had left, I didn't know how to use. I can't even tell Philip that I love him I just feel so screwed up inside. I know that I'm going to push him away, out of my life, just like you pushed me out of yours. You broke Chloe. I'd like to try and fix it. I-I'd like to try. How? I think, um, I think if we started to communicate, really communicate. Fine. Okay, let's communicate. Tell me who my father is. I asked you a question, John. How can you be so sure DiMera isn't J.T .'S father?  If the day comes that Bo ever finds out the truth about J.T .'S paternity, that certainly will mean the end of your family, John, and the end of Bo Brady's family, too. Bo. I want you to believe me when I tell you I know DiMera better than anybody. Now, let's keep working this. Do you remember when Stefano found out that Lexie was his daughter? He claimed her like that. He became a father to her. Now, if he knew that J.T. was his son, he would have claimed He wouldn't lose an opportunity to humiliate me. That's a fact. The one and only decent thing I can say about the man is he loves his children. If he were J.T .'s father, he would want that kid right here in Salem, living happy and safe and, as you said, very publicly. He also knows that Hope wouldn't let him be part of J.T .'s life. He would have controlled her mind again, or he would have forced her for custody. He would have done a hundred things except kidnap the kid and go off into hiding. Think about it, Bo. Nothing else adds up. What do you mean, you can't do this to me? I, uh. Have. I mean that I can't let you go through this by yourself. I have to get out of here. No, Lex, slow down. No, what you need to do is you concentrate on keeping that beautiful little boy of yours. I am so sorry about J.T. I know. I know. He's going to be okay. We're going to find him, Lex. And in the meantime, I am going to keep praying the D.N.A. test proves that Glen is not Isaac's biological father, and this whole nightmare can be over. Wait a minute, that's tomorrow. Tomorr you're going to get the results tomorrow, isn't it? No, no. Uh, I won't. Why? The lab was blown up. Oh, God, I didn't know that. That means you have to go through this terrible ordeal again. You must be terrified. Yeah, I am. For a lot of reasons. You've got to hang in there, okay? All your friends are pulling for you. I love you, Lex. I love you, too. I'll see you later, okay? Okay. Oh, God. What have we done to you? Oh, God.  I certainly hope you did not let anything slip. And I hope you go to hell for what you've done. You know, Bo, something you said earlier really struck me. Hmm. And that is if Stefano is J.T .'S father, you're right he would use that fact to publicly humiliate you. Oh, believe it. And even though I hold him responsible for everything that happened last night, I don't think he planned J.T .'s disappearance. Mm. I was hoping he would lead us to my son, but I guess he won't. And that's a good thing. Why is that a good thing? I love J.T. He is my son. I'll love him no matter what. But I'd like to think that his I would I would think that that man would consider himself very fortunate, knowing that you're raising his boy. Who cares what that loser thinks? So. How do I find my son? With good old-fashioned police work, Bo, and that's a good thing because you're the best at it. Well, I hope so. Bo. J.T. Didn't disappear without a trace. There's something out there, something somewhere that's going to lead us right to him. And I'm going to find it.  We will deal with your moralizing later. Tell me, did you let anything slip with Hope? You mean did I tell her that her baby is alive and well and just hanging out right next door in the nurses' lounge?  Shh Be quiet, for goodness' sake No, father, you don't have to worry. I didn't do the right thing. I have missing, comes to make sure that I'm all right, who tells me that she wants to make sure that I keep my baby and. I couldn't tell her the truth. I lied. Like a true DiMera.  That is not her son asleep in the lounge. He is yours. So don't let your self-indulgent conscience betray him. Do not let strangers take him from you. Bo and Hope aren't strangers. They're my friends.  Huh. Isaac is Hope's flesh and blood. This isn't right. I can't do this to Hope. I-I can't.  Then fine. Go out and tell your husband that you are going to give up your child. Before I tell you about your father Hell has to freeze over, right? No, but you and I we have to resolve our relationship. Oh, gee, that's not manipulation, that's not blackmail tell me, and you'll do anything to not have to Chloe, listen to me. I don't want to tell you who your father is, but that's not the reason I won't tell you now. I won't tell you because you and I are too disconnected. And when you do find out about your father, you're going to need someone your mother. Oh, come on. Chloe. If meeting me has done to you what you say it's done, then, sweetheart, what's it going to do when you meet your father? Can't you see that I am trying to do what's best for you? If you can't, then you're not as smart as I thought you were. Are you telling me the truth? I am trying to be as honest as I can. Okay. I hope that that okay means we have a whole new starting ground here. confused, and I don't really want to be awful to you. I don't even know when I do it or why. I think that you just did a pretty good job of explaining why. You are still angry at me for giving you away. And before last night, I-I heard you say that, but I guess I really didn't understand. Sometimes I think I wanted to hurt you just so you would know how I felt. I can understand that. I was arrogant. I thought I could understand your anger, feel your pain, when the only thing I was doing was feeling sorry for myself because you were being so horrible to me. That couldn't have been fun to say. I don't care. I mean, I really don't. You can hurt my feelings, you can yell, you can scream if it's going to help us fix what's wrong. Chloe, I will do anything I can you to understand me. Hey. They said I could find you here. Anything? Did you find anything? No. Nothing, damn it. How's Lexie? Oh, she's a wreck. Did you know the Eastside Lab was blown up? Yeah. John and I were just talking about it. I think. It means that pig DiMera knows that glen is Isaac's father, yeah. Bo. There's no way Lexie can deal with losing that little guy. There's no way.  Um, excuse me. Hey. Uh, can you tell me what happened here? Did terrorists do this? Well, somebody blew the bridge out. We don't know exactly who.  God, that's horrible. Was anybody on the bridge when it happened? No, but a car was trying to cross over and didn't know the bridge was blown out.  Well, what happened? He went in the river, followed by the car.  So, do you think the baby died? Let me ask you something. What's with all the questions, lady? Can you help me understand what you're feeling? I-I have to go. Chloe This is just really making me feel uncomfortable. So what? I-I mean, that's all part of it, isn't it? I mean, my God, I thought we were starting to make some progress here. I just have to go, okay? It just hurts so much, Mom.  I'll send Abraham in. You can unburden yourself to him, you can tell him the truth about Isaac, he can call up Hope, and they can give Isaac to Hope. N-no.  Yes, because that's what you want because that's what's right. No, I I can't tell Abe. He that, can you? No.  Oh, Alexandra. Oh, Alexandra. I knew that you would come to your senses. I hate what I'm doing.  Yeah. At this moment, mm-hmm. But in time you will learn not to hate yourself. You will get your priorities right, and then. then you will be a true DiMera. Guess what, big guy. Your mommy is going to be fine, and you're going to be fine, too, Isaac. Yeah, you are. You know what? I'm never going to let you down, son. Never. I'm not. No.  Hey, little buddy. You know, Isaac's a really, really nice name, but I think I want to name you after me. Hmm? You don't have any problem with that, do you, son? Hmm? Huh? Do you, buddy?  Well, who would blown-up bridge, cops cars, you want to know what's going on. Yeah, right, especially if you're a reporter, huh?  You think I'm a reporter? Listen up. This baby story is off limits to the media. We're going to hold on to it until we give the go-ahead. Now, if I've made a mistake by shooting my mouth off here and you release the story, you and your newspaper will be sincerely sorry. Do you understand me?  Look, um, I'm not a reporter, I swear, and I won't say anything to anyone, okay? I promise.  Crying Oh, my God. Listen. What? Do you hear that baby crying? Bo, it's J.T ., I know it. Bo, it's him. I'm telling you. I know his crying. I know that's our boy. Bo, somebody has found him and thank God, thank God. 
Look at this. Looks like old man winter came early this year. You know, Will, I remember this one year when it had a huge blizzard on Halloween day, and they ended up having to cancel trick or treat.  Oh. I know. Isn't that terrible? And then, you know, we didn't even have to go to school, which is a good thing, but the whole town practically shut down, and and I remember Eric and I stayed outside the entire day. So when we finally came in, mom thought we were frozen solid and she just put us down in front of the fireplace and gave us hot cider.  Wow. That is awesome. I don't know if I can beat that, but I do have something special planned for today. You do? Tell me what it is, Austin.  Will, you think I should tell her? No ..  No, can't tell you. on, just a hint.  No, no, no. Will, how about a hint? Come on, come on my hint.  No, no, all I say is that you're going to love it. Come on. Ha ha ha. Shawn, I am so glad you called me. The park looks so beautiful. You look beautiful, Belle. Oh, my God, I can't believe I just said that. That was corny. No, I thought that it was sweet. Oh, well, hold on a second. You just did not say sweet. Yeah, I did, and I think you are sweet. Okay, well, you know what? Don't you dare use that word again. Shawn Brady is the sweetest guy in the whole world. All right, you said it. Ha ha. Oh Shh. Oh, yeah. Okay That was a good one. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah? Ow. Oh, oh, are you Belle, are you all right? I'm sorry. Sweetheart, why don't you come sit down? Your omelette's getting cold. I'm not really hungry. But it's your favorite turkey, bacon, and lots of fresh grated Parmesan. (Telephone-rings) (Ring) Sweetheart, that's your phone. Do you want to get it? (Ring) Chloe? (Ring) I don't want to talk to anyone right now. (Ring) (Hangs-up-cellular-phone) (People-Talking) Got an important phone call there, kid? No, no, I was, uh, I'm checking my messages. Here. Check that out .. Check what out? Che whoa. Mm-hmm. Hey, my son's got good taste. Ouch expensive taste. You know, most people's house payments don't cost that much get what you pay for. Sighs Oh, come on, listen, you're not going to get a big surprise on your credit card bill. I still had some money left over from my settlement. Yeah. Well, all right. So what's the occasion? No occasion. I just needed a new shirt. Mm, you sure it doesn't have anything to do with Chloe? Is she your big date tonight? Hmm? I am not going on a date with Chloe. You know, for someone who complains about the drinks here, you're becoming a regular customer. Eliza I must admit the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired, but the places does have its strong points. Oh, yeah? Such as. Eliza The handsome American men who hang out here.  Wow. Swell place.  No one said it was going to be the Ritz. Help me put the stuff away.  sleeping on this thing. I need a firm mattress like the one at Green Mountain Lodge. Why can't we stay there? It's not that far a drive. Oh, better yet, I can call the Salem Inn. You know, some of their rooms have hot tubs. Wouldn't that be nice on a cold day like today?  We're staying here. End of discussion.  Oh, honey, but we've got that 5 grand. Please?  Have you forgotten that I just lost my job? We're not going to blow all that money that Lexie gave us on some 4-star hotel.  Yeah, well, there's lots more where this came from. Trust me. Oh, boy, I tell you, this was such a nice change, you know having breakfast here in front of the fire? Mm. You know, I think I might, um, take off work early so we can take Isaac to How does that sound to you? Mm.  I want a million. Oh, oh.  Cash, unmarked bills. Lex? Honey? Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. No. No, you're not fine. You know, you haven't touched your breakfast. You've hardly said a word all morning. Something's bothering you. Honey, please. I'm fine, really. No, ever since Barb Reiber showed up here last week, you haven't been yourself. Talk to me, sweetheart. What's going on with you?  Abe and Lexie Carver owe us, Glen, big time. Think about it. All the while we were trying to find your son, it was just one lie after another.  You know, it's still hard to believe that little boy they adopted from Marlo isn't mine.  Forget about that. It's in the past. own little boy or girl.  With any luck, I'll have another job soon. Can't raise a kid on unemployment.  Now that's why we're moving here to Salem.  What, are you kidding me?  Oh, come on, honey. The schools are much better than in our old neighborhood, plus it's a lot safer, and we can find some big old house with acres of yard and lots of trees. No more cramped apartments and grouchy landlords. Doesn't that sound nice?  Sure, it does, but like I said before, I've got to find work.  Well, that's no sweat. We'll have Lexie's old man hook you up you know, corner office, company car, 6-figure income. No more blue-collar jobs for my Glennie.  Oh, I'm not so sure about that, Barb. I mean, stuck behind a desk all day? That's not my style like it. Just wait.  Babe, I know you want to live a certain lifestyle, but to tell you the truth I don't need a lot of money to make me happy. To me, family is what's important.  I know that, Glen. Family's important to me, too. That's why we need to do everything we can to make sure our little son or daughter has the best life possible, and if living comfortably means having money, well, then that's what we've got to shoot for, right?  Yeah, I suppose.  Well, there's no time like the present. Hey, I won't be long.  Hey. Lexie, you're my wife. I don't want there to be secrets between us. Here, honey. Have some more toast, huh? I don't want toast. I want to know what's gotten you so tense? Why are I'd lie to you? Come on, Abe. You know me better than that. You know, what did Barb Reiber want when she showed up here last week? Well, how am I supposed to know? That woman is crazy, Abe. She hasn't got a brain in her head, you know? All she does is just rattle on like some kind of a lunatic. You know, just just forget it. I'm out of here. Wait, um, honey, wait, look, um, look, sweetie, um, I know why you're so upset. I-I mean, you're still angry at me for moving us in here. Look, honey, I understand how difficult this is for you, okay? It's a huge adjustment, but it will get easier. You know, maybe if you just try to relax, hmm? Just try to enjoy it a little bit, hmm? I mean have such a wonderful home to live in. You know, I'm only here because, apparently, you don't feel safe anywhere else, but, frankly, I don't understand that. Well, I don't know how many times I have to tell you or how many ways. This new lifestyle is going to protect us, Abe. Yeah, what's that supposed to mean? Belle, I-I'm sorry. Are you okay? Yeah, Shawn, I'm fine. Are you sure? Okay ,' cause you know I'd never do anything to hurt you. I know. I'm fine. I promise. You know, got to keep my arm in shape for baseball season, you know? Yeah, I think you're in shape okay. This year, you might want to consider pitching. You think? Well, if I'm going to do that, I'd probably have 'm saying? All right, you ready to catch? Shawn Douglas Brady, don't you dare. Ha ha. Ha ha. Okay. All right, all right. Bad joke. I'm sorry. Let me make it up to you. Uh, how about, oh, I get you some hot chocolate my treat? Extra large? Biggest they have. Whipped cream? Extra whipped cream. Deal. All right. Ha ha ha. Hey, how you doing? Can I get, uh, two extra grande humongous hot chocolates with extra whipped cream? Sounds good. $5.50. $5.50? Are you kidding me? I'm going to be cleaned out before we even get to the movies tonight. Well, you know, if you want to, I guess we could share some popcorn, if you think that's okay. Really? Okay. Well, we'll see. change. Mmm, good. It's warm. Thank you. You know, I can't believe I left my house without my parka. It is so cold. Well, you know, I do know one way to warm you up. Hmm. You know, Chloe, you may find this hard to believe, but I do understand what you're going through. When I was your age, I used to want to close myself off from the world, too. I'd I'd go to my room, I'd lock the door, unplug my phone, and just lie on my bed and stare at the cracks in the ceiling. But you are the most outgoing person I know. Thank you, but when I was around 15 or 16, I went through terrible bouts of depression. You did? Yes, I did. Sometimes it was about school, and other times it was about boys. I kind of like a rite of passage. Why is Philip doing this to me, Nancy? Is he trying to hurt me? Is that why he's seeing someone else? Sweetheart, I'm sorry. I tell you what Craig has to work tonight, so why don't we have a girls' night out? We can go over to the pub and have dinner, and then we can go on over to the bowling alley. What do you think? Look, I appreciate what you're doing, but. Okay, well, then we'll have a girls' night in. We'll we'll order pizza. We'll play some card games. No, thank you. Look, I already have plans. Oh. Is that a fact? And, since you're probably dying to know, I'm going to tell you. I'm going out with Brady. Look, dad, I don't and I are just good friends. Mm-hmm. Whatever you say, son. Don't do that. Don't give me that look. What look is that? The I-don't-believe- a-word-you're-saying look. I'm going to the movies. It's no big deal. If it's no big deal, what's up with the new shirt? Will you just get off my case, please? Hey, if you don't want to talk about it I don't want to. You really like this girl. Dad What? Well? Well? Fine, she's she's all right, I-I guess. Who do you think you're talking to here anyway? You're not going to let this go, are you? Not likely. Fine. Fine. I admit it. Chloe and I do connect on a few levels, you know, the whole music thing, but she matter anyway. Hmm. Well, then maybe it's time you did something about that. Thanks, ma.  Now, Bo, be nice. You should direct that toward her. Eliza Pardon me? Yeah.  Huh. You know what? You kids are on your own. Ma seems to have a soft spot for you. Eliza She's a wonderful woman and a delightful shopping companion. I've rather enjoyed getting to know my future in-laws. Even though we're a bunch of boisterous Irishmen? Eliza Oh, please. Spare me your Blarney. You know, your fellow Brit Paul McCartney said, " give Ireland back to the Irish. " Eliza So many innocent lives have been lost. It's such a terrible shame. You do have a heart beating underneath that fur. Eliza Ha. It's not a subject I take lightly, Bo. The conflict has been going on for generations. I just wish you more. There's some things here in Salem I wish would come to an end namely, Stefano DiMera. I see you know exactly what I'm talking about. Eliza I'd rather you not repeat this, but I have heard that name before DiMera. You have? Eliza If I'm not mistaken, the man owns a factory outside of Dublin. In fact, do you remember those clandestine meetings that I told you about the ones that Colin was always attending? Yeah? What about them? Eliza I think it all had to do with the DiMera factory, and I must be honest with you, Bo. That worries me a great deal. Ah. Hey, hey, hey, come on. Come on. What's up? Sit down here. You're not finished yet. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry, dad. I got to run. You got to run? It's Earl ready for your big date. Whoa, whoa, what did I just say? I know, I know. I know it's not a date. It's not a date. Well, listen, whatever it is you're going to do with your friend, hope you have a good time, kid. I will, thanks, and the snow outside may be just the ticket I need. See ya. See ya. Ha ha ha. You're going out with Brady? I know what you're thinking, Nancy, but don't. He's just a friend .. That's it. In fact, Belle and Shawn are going to the movies, too. It's like a group thing, so please don't read into this. You don't have to explain. In fact, I'm glad that, uh, your plans tonight include Brady. You are? Yes. Um, Chloe, if an open mind? When you s when you first started hanging out with Brady this summer, I have to admit I really didn't like it. Nancy. Please, sweetheart, let me finish. But the more you were around him the more I realized what a positive impact he has on you. When you were dating Philip, you spent so much time and energy being angry all the time, but with Brady it's just the opposite. He's made a big change in you. Don't you agree? Oh, Chloe, I'm so sorry. The last thing I wanted to do was upset you more. No, Nancy, it's okay. I understand what you're saying, but. But what, sweetheart? It's just really hard for me because. I still love Philip. Look, I have to go. Sweetheart. I'll see you later.  Okay, will, you have fun, and remember that trick I taught you about how to make it turn? Yeah?  Okay. Here. Okay, go knock yourself out I mean, not really, you know. Don't knock Thanks again.  Take care. Thank you. Be careful. Austin, he is having a great time today.  Yeah. What's the matter?  I just feel really bad that Lucas can't be here. He really misses his dad. Well, I just thank god that he has you in his life. Will and I are both lucky to have you. The only other thing I could ever hope for would be some sort of comfort that the three of us will always be together as a family. So my neighbor comes in and says, Tonight is going to be so great. Don't you think so, Shawn? I hope the movie that we're going to see is really good because preview of coming attractions. Well, you said you wanted to get warm. I do, but I think we could get a little warmer. Yeah? Well, I think I could do something about that. Um, I think we're being watched. What? Chloe, hi. What are you doing here? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you guys. I was just going for a walk. No, no, no, it's okay. I've been trying to call you all morning. Oh, I just let the machine pick up. What did you want to talk to me about? Tonight are you excited about your date with Brady? Um, what I meant is that we are set for the rest of our lives. Do you realize how lucky we are? I mean, think about it. Just knowing that, thanks to my father, we are financially Damn it, Lexie, our security is my job. Oh. I will provide for you and Isaac. Okay, we really don't need to have this conversation right now, do we?  I'm sorry to interrupt, Mrs. Carver. Um, the caterer would like to know if you've made a decision on the menu for Mrs. Brady's party. Uh, would you tell him I'll call him later?  Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Sighs What? What's that look? This party I-I think we should have it someplace else. Oh. Hey, now why don't we rent a room a banquet room at the Salem Inn? You just won't give up, will you? You and your pride Why are you making this so difficult for me? Because I think everybody would be a little more comfortable if this party was somewhere else. you would be more comfortable. Come on, honey, can't we just take advantage of our good fortune? You know, all you ever do anymore is complain. " Why can't I pour my own wine? " " How come I can't fix my own lunch? " Goodness, I'm sick and tired of it. (Doorbell-rings) yeah, I better get that. That's Eliana's job. I'm going to get the door. Uhh (Door-opens)  Where's Lexie?  I'm sorry. The carvers aren't receiving visitors right now. Perhaps you'd like to come back later.  Oh, yes, they are. What the hell is she doing here again? We will return for the second half of " Days of Our Lives " in just a moment. Would you excuse us? Honey? Listen, I have no idea what she wants, but don't worry. I'll take care of at work, all right? You know, I'm not leaving until someone tells me what she's doing here.  Hey, what's with all the whispering? We're all friends here, right, Lexie? I mean, it's not like we have any big secrets between us. No secrets, huh? Well, then if that's the case, maybe you'd like to explain why you keep dropping by.  Oh, I guess your wife hasn't told you yet. Yeah, I've got some big news, Abe. Big news. So, tell me about this DiMera Factory. What do you know about it? Eliza Well, it's how dare you? The only reason you're being kind to me is to get information about that man Stefano DiMera. Di whoa. Wait, wait. Hold on. Hear me out. Eliza To think I was actually beginning to trust you. Do have been a bit tense between us lately. I think it's time we clear things up, have a little talk. I wish everyone would quit calling it a date. We're just hanging out together as friends. Maybe Brady thinks of you as more than just a friend. Look, I've got to go. I'll see you guys later. Ha.  Ooh. Here you go. Thank you, Austin. Wow, will's really getting good at this, isn't he?  Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You know what? Next year, I'm going to have him skiing and then I'm going to have him snowboarding, and then by the time he's 10, he's going to be the youngest athlete in the " X " games. Ha ha. Sounds like you have his future all mapped out.  Oh, his isn't the only one. What is that you doing?  Something's missing, you know? This finger. Right here.  What's the matter, dear? Eliza It's your son. He's impossible. What's going on, Bo? See that woman? (Slams-door) That's my cousin Colin's fianc Elizabeth. That's right. I remember seeing her during the kids' welcome home party. Yeah. Well, I've been trying to get her to talk to me about Ireland and Colin's involvement with the underground there. She knows about DiMera's Factory just outside of Dublin. Mm-hmm, and I thought Shawn wanted you to stay out of that. Yeah, well, pop doesn't have any say in this anymore. I could put DiMera behind bars if I can prove that he's the one responsible for the crimes Hope committed when she thought she was Gina. Then we can finally have some peace around here and maybe just maybe Hope will and with you. What news? What the hell are you talking about?  What's with you people? Am I not a guest in your house? Can't someone at least offer me a drink? You, I will take a nice bloody Mary. Oh, you know what you better make that a virgin Mary. It's still a little on the early side and I've got to watch out for the bambino here. The what?  That's right. I'm going to be a mom. Ahh. All right. All right, that's it. I'm not going to ask you again. What the hell is going on? Uh.  Oh, maybe I can explain. Well, then somebody had better.  Yeah, see, in a few months, Glen and I are going to be parents and since we don't know the first thing about raising a kid, I thought, " why not your wife are such honest, caring people, and I thought Lexie here could just fill me in on the joys of motherhood. Oh, and since we'll be spending so much time together in the next few months, Glen and I have decided to pack our bags and move to Salem. What?  Yeah, well, Glen doesn't really like me to announce it, but he lost his job. So, other than the cubbies and the deep dish, there's really nothing keeping us in Chicago .. We're looking forward to small-town life right here in cozy little Salem. (Cellular-phone-rings) (Ring) Yeah. Carver. Well, there's got to be some mistake. I left it on my desk. All right, all right, I won't be long. Yeah. (Hangs-up-cellular-phone) Was that the station? Yeah, there's a there's an important file missing. I got to get down there.  Oh, great. That'll give Lexie that right? Honey, um, you go ahead. I'll take care of this. I said go Austin, do you really mean you're  I-I'm not officially proposing yet, okay? So don't send announcements to " The Chronicle. " Ha ha. Come on. Come on. We have to go. Will, come on. Will, say goodbye to Tyler and and let's go.  Okay, where are we going? We're going to the jewelry store in Salem Place. Come on, Will. You know, I thought going out with Brady might help Chloe. I guess I was wrong. Well, I think Chloe still has it bad for Philip. Look, I know you're friends with Chloe, but sometimes she can be so. Moody. So you see it, too? Yeah, don't get me wrong. I love Chloe and she can days we're all Romy and Michele and then others she hardly says a word to me. I guess the best way of dealing with her when she gets in one of her moods is just to keep your distance. Yeah, I don't feel comfortable around her sometimes. It's like Chloe's on another planet or something. Whoa, hey, I'd be careful what you say about my date. Brady, you just missed Chloe, uh, but if I were you, I'd steer clear. Why? What's up? Nothing. It's just another one of her angst-ridden teenage moments. I see. Well, which way did she go? Uh, that way. Thank you. It was never meant to be. I'm just going to have to accept that. Philip's the popular one and I'm the outcast. I don't fit in, and I never will. John . Mm. Listen, Bo, when I was under Stefano's control, I did a lot of things that. Well, let's just say I'm not real proud of, things I don't want to get into right now. But that's the point that I've been trying to drive home with Hope, and she just doesn't get it .. Just tell me what these things are. Damn it, didn't you hear what I just said? I don't want to get into it. (Sirens-wailing) Time to die, you bastard. John, you with me here? Do you understand what I'm trying to do? Yeah. I'm not sure it's worth it. Hey, I don't need a list of reasons why I shouldn't. Just answer me one question. What's that? Will you help me? So what do you say, John? I need your help. Can it takes to keep our family safe. Great. I'll keep you posted. Whatever it takes. We need to talk. Abe, please Now Honey, I know what you're going to say, and I'm sorry, okay? You will never speak to me that way again. Do you understand? I am not one of your servants, and you're not going to order me around. No, no, I'm not. You're right. It was inexcusable, okay? It's just that, that woman gives me the creeps, Abe. You know, she just she just puts me on edge. Forgive me .. You know, this is all just it's crazy. I'm not even sure I want to leave you alone with her. Honey, I'll be fine. Really, honestly. Look, I'll just give her some of my old parenting magazines you. Have a good day at work .. All right? And call me as soon as you reach the station. Maybe Isaac and I will come by and say hi, huh? I love you. Yeah, you, too. Okay. What the hell do you think you're doing?  Mmm. Spicy. And I like the glassware. Get your feet off the coffee table.  Pregnant women are supposed to keep their legs elevated. Would have thought you knew that, Dr. Carver. I want you out of this house this instant.  So, your husband doesn't know about the baby switch, huh? You know, I almost feel sorry for the guy. I told you, get out  You are playing a dangerous game, Lexie, a game that you can't win .. Out Now  Not until I get what I came here for. I want my million bucks. right? That I love you? I do know that, and my son knows that our son.  Whoa Whoa Oh, my goodness.  What do you say, son? Hmm? Want to go to Salem Place? Ice cream.  Ice cream what a great idea Ice cream? On a day like this?  Yeah Please.  Please. Oh, the puppy dog eyes.  Yeah, it works every time. Austin All right. All right, ice cream. Ice cream for everybody. Come on, let's go.  Yeah Let's go. Belle? Shawn? Hi.  Hey, you guys. Hi, Belle and Shawn. What's up, buddy? Well, we'd love to stay and talk, but we have to get out of here. Why? What's up? Well, I can't enough. Come on, come on, hustle.  See you. Yeah. Well, that was weird. Definitely. Oh, my God, I need to go. What? We just got here. What are you talking about? Yeah, but I have to get ready. Come on. Hold on a second. It's for tonight? It's not even noon. You guys do not understand my makeup has to be perfect. My hair has to be perfect. My purse can not clash with my shoes. Hey, you know, by all means, do what you got to do, but especially the whole shoes-matching-the-purse thing, yeah. You know, maybe I'll see if Chloe wants to get ready with me. That might make her feel better. Come on, let's go see. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing? I thought we were going to hands are kind of cold. And, uh, your nose is kind of red. And your cheeks. And your lips. Being with you, I'm finding out who I am. Finding out what it means to care about someone .' Cause' cause I'm in love with you. Philip. I can't believe I just said that. I mean, it sounded so lame. I mean, we haven't even known each other for that long. How can we be falling in love? Chloe? I'm sorry, Brady, but I can't do this. I can't go out with you tonight. 
Speaking of ice, how about we check out the beauties behind me? Those are not ice cream. You're right, Will, they're not, but they sure will warm Mommy up. Big time. I have to go. Stay. But our date my hair You look perfect the way you are. Chloe. I'm sorry, Brady, I can't do this. I can't go out with you tonight. Why not? There's just too much pressure. Look, can we just go for a ride in your jeep like we used to? It's about Philip, isn't it? You don't want him to see us out together. Admit it. Nicole, I thought you wanted to take a walk in the snow. I do. Do, do, I do. First snow of the season is so romantic. Sure you wouldn't rather stay of brandies? Ooh, hold that thought until tonight. Dad, where are ya? I'm in the foyer. Honey, don't go away now. You stay here. You going out? Yes, you just caught us. Since when do you spend the weekend with Nicole? I beg your pardon. You work with her all week. Isn't that enough? It's not like she's part of the family. What's the matter with you, Philip? I'm going to go get my purse. You stay right here. What's going on with you? (Doorbell-rings) Damn. Well, opening your own front door these days. We must be in an economic downturn, huh? What the hell are you doing here, Kate? I'm here because I was invited by our son. I need to talk with the two of you. Together. And If I had told you ahead of time, you would've found some reason to duck out. Well, you wasted your time coming here, Kate. And let this be a lesson to you. I already have plans. Dad, please. Can't you see that he needs us? And I could use your help. I don't want to get into the middle of family things. Well, you already are. I need some time alone with my parents, okay? It's important. I understand that, but your father and I have plans. Well, change them. No, that is up to Victor, not me. Look, I don't know what you hope to get from my dad. I mean, I know you've always tried to be friendly and supportive of me, and I appreciate that, but I'm trying to bring my family back together, and every time I turn around that's enough What did u do, throw mom out? I'm right here, darling. Listen, I'm going to have to meet you later. Okay. Why don't you meet me at. I'll be waiting. Dad Hold your horses. Don't be a sore loser. This is only round one. Have a nice day. Ha ha ha.  You want to get a diamond? Isn't that kind of conservative? What's conservative?  Um, boring. Mommy's not boring.  That's true. You're sure right I'm not. Don't you boys want to know which one I like the best?  How about that one? Austin, that one's, like, three karats.  So? Well, it probably costs, like, $50,000. Whoa.  Whoa, yeah, will is next one? That one.  What? It's perfect.  The ruby one? No, no, the one next to it. If you were going to get me a ring, that's the one I would want. But it seems like it might be more expensive than some of the others. Maybe Santa will bring it. Yeah, maybe.  Oh, maybe. Maybe, uh, it's time to take will to get some ice cream. Yeah. You're going to go buy it now?  Well, I might. I might not. Well, I mean, I'm just going to price check it, you know, see how much it'll cost us. Us?  Yeah. You know. Everything is going to be us from now on, starting with the ring. I love you.  I love you. Mom Okay. All right, we're Surprise me.  Mm-hmm. Shawn, time-out. Time-out? If we keep this up, we're never going to get to the movie or home or anywhere. Well, then they're going to find us here frozen together. I have to go. Forget about doing your hair. Tonight is our second date. I have to look perfect. You already do. Shawn, stop. You know you want to stay. No, I don't. You do, too. No, I don't Okay, okay, okay, okay. I will stay, but no tickling, no kissing, and I'm going to button my sweater. Well, we might as well leave then. No, I'm just kidding, all right? Fine no hands. See? I promise. No, no, no I can't believe we're doing this in the beats the linen closet at the hospital. Don't remind me. Do you see my mom anywhere? Dr. Evans? Don't worry, I'm with your daughter. Everything is under control. You're safe with me. Like she's going to believe you. You are, you know. I always feel safe with you. This day has been so perfect. Hey, we're just getting started. We still have the whole night ahead of us. Not if you don't let me get ready, we won't. Soon. You are driving me crazy So? Let me drive you a little crazier. My not wanting to go to a movie with you has nothing to do with Philip. Chloe, come off it, please. You know damn well that Cynthia's going to be at the movies tonight with Philip. You're just afraid that if we show up together, Philip towards him, and, my God, what a tragedy that would be. I thought you were supposed to get smarter as you get older. Sure couldn't prove it by you. I thought that we were supposed to be friends, Chloe. So did I. Friends don't stand each other up. All I'm suggesting is a change of plans to go for a ride in your jeep instead of going to a movie and suddenly it's all about Philip? Will you listen to yourself? You're letting him control your life again. I am not. Where do you get off insulting me like that? And where do you get off using me to spend time with? You don't want to be seen with me in public? Do you have any idea in hell how insulting that is to me, Chloe, as a friend? Will, will, wait, slow down. Why? together. What about my ice cream? We'll get your ice cream in just a second. In fact, I think we're both going to get everything that we want today. What's wrong? Well, you know what it feels like to wait and wait and wait for what you want and then you finally think you're going to get it? Like ice cream? It's better than ice cream, Will. Everything I've ever hoped for and ever dreamt of I think is finally going to happen. So you're happy? Yeah. I'm very happy. The setting is particularly unusual. It shows the beauty of the diamond.  It's, uh, it's nice, all right. Please. Are you familiar with the properties of the diamond?  Properties? The four c's we call them cut, color, clarity, and karat weight  Enlighten me. right. I owe it to myself to pick up a little something and charge it to Victor. Austin? Gasps Don't tell me.  Okay, now that we've discussed the four c's cut, clarity. Color.  Color and. Karat.  Karat. How about the fifth " c " cost? Well, I can let you have this ring for $8,995.  Wow. Um, I suppose it wouldn't be any cheaper after the January white sale, would it? Ha ha ha. It wouldn't help, I'm afraid. We do have others less expensive.  No, no. This is the one she wants. If it would help, we do have a 2-year financing plan.  Now you're talking. Austin.  Nicole. Is this the lady in question?  No. No, but I'm a friend. Would you excuse us for just .  What are you doing? I'm saving your butt. Put that ring down and get out of here before it's too late. You're not having any more physical problems, are you? Oh, no, nothing like that. Of course he's not. Don't you think I'd know if there were a medical problem? Well, I don't know. You seem to be otherwise engaged these days. I do still have a business to run, Kate. And important plans for the rest of the day. Like what? Cocktails and lunch at some fancy place with Nicole? Don't press your luck, Philip. You're already out of line, springing this meeting on me. Is it too much for your family to ask for a little of your precious time? She's your family, not mine. Victor, let's not turn this into one of our squabbles. Obviously he wouldn't have the two of us together in the same room. Could you try and act like a family, for my sake? Well, I have no problem with it. Dad? Are you in some kind of trouble? Yeah. I am. I don't know how to handle it. I mean, do you know what it means to me to have you both here in our home? Oh, for God's sake Victor, please. When I got out of that hospital in Puerto Rico, I thought everything was going to be different, better. I'll never forget coming to And seeing you both there together. The love I felt for both of you kept me going. I needed you so much, and I still do Sweetie, whatever's wrong, we are here for you now, too. I wish the three of us could be a family again. Dad, I know can't happen, but my life is totally screwed up right now. I lost the girl that I really care about, because I acted like a total jerk. And she has no reason to trust me .. I get up in the morning, I go to class, and it's like part of me is not there. I'm running on empty, and I don't know how to fix it. We said that we would be there for you, and we haven't been. I can't come to either of you the way I used to. It's, like, this separation that keeps getting wider. Well, obviously, we're going to have to find a way to make things better for you, Philip. There's only one way, dad. I can't take mom living in her place, Nicole sitting across from me at breakfast? That is not my life That's not my life. I want things back . Well, then change things back, dad It won't work You won't know unless you try Tell Nicole to get her own place. Move mom back in, and then you two can work at getting on, finally getting married, like you were supposed to after all those years mom took care of you in the nursing home. This is low, even for you. Using our son like this. It's unforgivable. After everything that we've been through together, how could you think that I would deliberately bail on you? I would never do anything to hurt you or insult you. Don't you know that? I do now. So, are we still on for the movies or what? What time do you want to pick me up? Well, that's Belle's thing. She's kind of planning this whole event. I'm really glad that all of us are going out sometimes. I just feel like this black cloud comes over me, and all I want to do is go into hiding. Well, every black cloud needs a silver lining. And I suppose that's you? Yes, it is ,' cause I'm always good for a laugh. When you're not being a pain. What, warmhearted, fun-loving Brady Black? Me? No. I'll give you fun-loving. Giggles Cheap shot. That's not fair, Chloe. Let's see here. Aah Ha ha ha Missed Not. This time. Come here. Giggles Aah You know, it's funny. When Chloe's with Brady, she doesn't seem as moody. Maybe he found the secret to keeping her happy. I think Brady actually understands her. I think Brady's got a crush on her, and he won't admit it. It's possible Shawn, that's Chloe. Yeah, let's go. You put Philip up to this. Admit it. No. No, I Don't talk to her like that. She had no idea. I tricked her into coming the same way I tricked you into staying. Because that was the only way that I could think to get us all in the same room. I love you. And I need you both. I thought that if you understood how much it meant to me to get you back together, that you would do something about it. But I guess I was wrong. No, Philip, please don't go. Victor, do something. Philip, you're not a child anymore. You have to accept the fact that your mother and I are not going to get married, much as we love you. Is that what you want, mom? That's the way it is. So " mom "? Oh, Philip. I'm sorry I just hate having her here. Get used to it. So much for the father-son thing. Look, I have given in to your wishes time and time again. You wanted me to support your mother financially, I'm doing it. She's free to come here and visit as much as she wants to, within reason. But that's it. Our relationship is over, finished, done Do I make myself clear? Crystal. Well, since we're on this subject, my bank account needs a refresher. Learn to budget. Well, I will, when I get a job, but I am still unemployed. Hey, you don't need to justify yourself. It's the least he can do. I'll write you a check. Thank you. I'm sorry, mom. I didn't want things to end . Believe me, I know everything you're going through. Just remember, if you need to, you can talk to me about anything. I assume you won't need my financial support once you start working in Basic Black? I'll let you know. Davis, bring the car around. Make out a check, and that solves everything. End of discussion. Next time, I would appreciate a little advance notice. Well, maybe there won't be a next time. Grow up, Philip. Come and get it, Kate. Do we have to make this as unpleasant as possible? I've kept Nicole waiting long enough. If you want to continue this discussion, I'll be home later tonight. I won't be.  This isn't tied to business. I mean, this doesn't concern you. But it does. I see you becoming one of our top executives, Austin, with it.  What's most important to me in the world is family. You know, I'm building a relationship with a woman who is committed and honest based on love and trust, and I have found that with Sami. And when I put this ring on her finger, that is my promise to put her and will above everything and everyone else. Then this marriage is a done deal.  Yeah, as far as I'm concerned. Well, it certainly is a beautiful ring. You won't get any argument from me there.  Hey, maybe, you know, one day you and Sami will be able to put your past aside and, I don't know call me crazy maybe you'll be able to be friends. Ha ha ha. Don't hold your breath, Austin. Because when all this love and trust goes down for the count, don't say I didn't warn you.  I'm going to Ooh, well, I wish you luck, because you're going to need it.  All right, well, goodbye. I will, uh, I'll see you Monday morning, bright and early, at work. Will, can you keep a secret? Uh-huh. Mommy and Austin are going to get married, and the three of us are going to be a real family. Yay That's why I'm so happy. Me too. You know, we're going to buy a house and a big backyard for you with a swing, and the three of us are going to live together. Happily ever after. You got it. Is daddy going to live with us, too? Thinking Isn't that a cozy family picture? Poor little kid having that witch for a mother. His fate may be sealed, but Austin's doesn't have to be. I know how scare her a little, make her doubt Austin. And bye-bye, wedding bells. We will return for the second half of " Days of Our Lives " in just a moment. Many I show you some less expensive selections?  No thank you. Well, I am sure we can help you find something for the lady in question.  We did. This is it. I'll take it. Well, you've made an excellent choice. Would you like it gift-wrapped?  No, no, just the way it is. Yeah. Very good. And the lady can come in anytime and have it fitted to her size.  Great, great, and how about that payment plan? Of course.  Yeah, I'd like to put $500 on my credit card and finance the rest. Oh, that'll be fine. I'll be right back with the application forms and the jeweler will polish this for you not afford to lose my job now. I had no idea Sami had such expensive taste. Oh, I guess I have a lot to learn about you, Sami .. Honey, daddy, can't come live with us. He he's still asleep. Is God watching over him? I'm sure he is. You are one very lucky little boy, though, because you get to have Austin as your second daddy. The three of us are going to be together forever. Can I have ice cream now? Of course you can, with sprinkles and everything. Race ya. Where the hell is Victor? Hey, watch your language. Well, Mr. Punctuality is late. Well, I'm all yours. Everything peaceful on the home front? Well, I had to put out a couple of fires, but no permanent damage. Why do I find you in front of a jewelry a little something to make up for being late? Not to mention letting Philip throw me out of the house. I don't owe you anything. Victor. But I could be talked into getting you a little token of my affection. Did you have something in mind? Mm. Hmm. Those. Diamond earrings. I suppose you've priced them. Why? Money's no object with you. I don't throw it away. Not even on the right person? You're going to have to set your sights a lot lower before I pull out the plastic. Come on. I'm starving. Mm. Thank you for what you tried to do today. Mm. A lot of good it did. Well, I'm proud of you. Why can't dad see you for who you are? He acts like he hates you .. Your father is a very stubborn man, but he, even when you're very, very angry at him. You are amazing. You know that? You're the one who should be getting angry, and you're not. Well, I know things didn't go the way you wanted them to today, but I think there was definite progress. You're kidding. Well, look, he didn't throw me out of the house, he gave me a very generous check without too much arm-twisting, and I think he was actually rude about how you felt about Nicole living here. Those are baby steps, but that is definite progress. Aah Your luck is running out, Brady Black. Ha ha ha ha Oh, you're going to pay for that one, Chloe Lane. Oh, wait. Wait, wait. Still friends? If you think I'm just going to let you stop because you're being all nice and friendly all of a sudden, need you to let me do anything.  Laughing So much for Chloe in distress. Yeah, looks like Brady's the one in trouble. Laughing Oh, my gosh. Oh, hey. Oh, hi. Hi there. We could hear you screaming all the way across the park. Oh, don't worry about that. That was just Chloe singing. Ha ha Oh, you'll pay for that. Oh, come here. Come on, guys. Let's get into it. What do you say? I can't. My hair. Let's get' em. You got that. Oh, you know it Screaming Well, that's one wish coming true.  Well, if you close your eyes and wish real hard. Well, isn't this a surprise.  So you two having a good day? Yes, we are. you know, just a little window-shopping. Did you buy anything special?  Who, me? Victor, wait. What happened to the two of us having fun together today? I am just sick and tired of everybody hitting me up for money, expensive gifts, as if that's all I'm good for. This isn't even about me, is it? You're angry at Kate and Philip, and you're taking it out on me. Well, you know what? I can buy my own damn lunch. Nicole. All I wanted was one afternoon alone with you. We can still do that. Listen, I'm sorry. I don't know why I let Kate get to me the way she does. So what'd she do, rake you over the coals for more money? Yeah, she used Philip to force my hand. You still have strong feelings for her, don't you 've heard that from other couples, and they act like they're ready to rip each other's throats out, and then six months later, they turn around and get back together like nothing ever happened, and I can't help but wonder if that could happen for you and Kate. That's not even a remote possibility. I'll see her in hell first .. Yeah, but what if what if your relationship with Philip depends on you getting back together with your ex? Kate knows you won't risk losing Philip's affection. I mean, that's her trump card, and if she plays it, she wins and I lose. Mom, I know dad still cares about you. I could feel it when you two were together in the hospital with me. Well, right now he's in denial, but if you keep telling him how you feel, in time, he'll listen, and then Nicole will be looking for furnished too soon. His love for you is going to make him do the right thing. When you were talking to him today, I could feel it drawing us back together again. It's going to happen .. You just have to be patient. Mom, I've been patient. I've tried to do everything right, and none of it seems to be paying off. Okay, now, are you talking about victor, or are you talking about Chloe? It's it's everything. Honey, why don't you tell me about Chloe, hmm? Don't you have enough to handle? No, that can wait. You come first. And who knows? Maybe I can help you. You know, I do know a little bit about women. So, Austin, why don't you, um, show me what you have in your pocket?  Ha ha. What makes you think I bought anything long time.  Well, I'm a slow walker. Come on, Austin, if you don't tell me right now, I'm going to freak out in this mall.  It would really help if I knew what you were talking about. I know.  Well, why don't we head back to the apartment, and you can whisper it in my ear? Wait, wait, please, please. You got to tell me.  Tell you what? I'm not leaving here until I know.  Okay, well, we'll see you later. Are you going to come? Sure.  Okay, cool. Let's go. Austin. Men  You told me to surprise you, and that's exactly what I'm going to do. Kate will never be back in my life, no matter what Philip wants, and the fact that you doubt that makes me realize how badly I . Well, you should be. If this were a business deal, you'd be giving me hell. Ha ha. Probably. Well, it's time you got a little quality assurance, and there's no time like the present. Come on, and don't ask any questions. The thing is, most women, they want what they can't have. So you're saying I should go out with Cynthia, even if it means hurting Chloe? I think you need to show Chloe that you are a strong, independent guy who's getting on with his life whether she's with you or not, and if that means going out with what's-her-name, then so be it. You don't think I'm using Cynthia? Well, not if you show her a good time, no, I don't. And she knows about you and Chloe, right? Yeah, I guess. Well, honey, out and have a good time. Yeah, but. What if I run into Chloe? If you run into Chloe, you say, " hi, how are you? " And then you keep on going. I don't know if I can pull that off. Oh, honey, the last thing you want to do is let her know how much you miss her. I do, all the time. Stop, stop. Stop right there. Do you see how patient I am with your father? That's because, in the end, I know I'm going to win him back. Do you want to win back Chloe? Then you need to play it cool. Don't show your hand. Got it? Got it. I know exactly what I have to do. We'll take them. I'll have them wrapped. Oh, no, no, no, no. Forget putting them here, glittering. Just charge them to my account. Thank you, Mr. Kiriakis. It's always a pleasure. You, too, Ms. Walker. The real pleasure is seeing you so happy. These are so extravagant. Every time you put them on, I want you to think about how much you mean to me. No more questions, no more doubts. No one's ever treated me the way you do. Even when I'm mean and ornery? Mm, I'm learning to get around that. You do have a way about you. Don't you?  You're so tough. Don't that beat all?  Beat what? Well, it just seems as though Victor's spent a lot of money on Nicole. Let me see. I guess some people will pay anything for a little affection.  Well. If and when I get you a token of trying to. Buy your love. It'll be because I love you with all my heart. If and when?  Aw, come on, come on. No cheating. Come on, Austin. You know I'm no good at waiting. Austin said no cheating.  Yeah, and you don't want to teach your son bad habits. Okay, all right. Let's get out of here.  I see we're going to have to keep a close watch on your mom. Come on, it's no fair. How can you do this to me?  Keep moving. Keep moving. Ha ha. Laughing and yelling No I have snow down my shirt Oh, I'll help warm you up. Oh, gross. You know what? I guess that makes us the winners, huh? And the wettest. Well, that's what you get for rolling around in this hair. Have you ever seen hair so bad? Mnh-mnh. I'm going to freak out here. Chloe, do you want to go to my house and get ready for the movies? Actually, I told Brady that I couldn't go. I told you. Well, we will miss you. But Brady talked me out of it. Yeah, she's going. Don't worry about it. We're going together. That's great. Yeah. Thanks for suggesting it. We really do need something to lighten up and enjoy ourselves with. I'm not going to enjoy anything if I don't have time. To do your hair. Yes. We know. Ha ha ha ha. Chloe, uh. I'll race you to the car. Okay, that girl must have a split personality or something. One minute she's up, the next she's down. . Ah. I've been doing it all wrong. One of the reasons Chloe went for me in the first place was that I knew how to have fun. Yes, yes, when she sees you out there having a great time with Cynthia, she's going to realize what she's been missing. Ah, but too bad she won't see us out together. I know Chloe. She'll spend her Saturday night alone in her room listening to opera. You have got to be kidding me. That's what she does when she gets in one of her moods, but tomorrow, she'll get Belle to tell her everything Cynthia and I did together, and come Monday in school, she'll be coming to find me. Oh, honey. You know, the important thing is for you to get on with your life and enjoy it until you and Chloe get back together again. There's something about talking to you That's good. I wish you were here all the time, mom. Don't worry. I will be. 
Oh, boy, that sure was a lot easier when I was a lot younger.  Watch this a second. (Music-playing) ' Round the cobbler's bench the monkey chased the weasel the monkey thought it was all in fun pop  Laughs  Goes the weasel Laughs Hey.  Oh, hi, look who's here. Hey, here they are.  Here comes your mommy and daddy. Oh, there's my big guy Hey, hey, yeah. Yeah, that is that is your party hat. Boy, I sure missed you. Did you miss us? Yes. Because Mommy and Daddy sure missed you. Hey, thanks for picking him up. And did you have a good time with Grandma and Gramps?  Shall we show Daddy? Look. (Music-playing)  Every night when I go out the monkey's on the table take a stick and knock it off I know, I know. Pop goes the weasel pop goes your great from that bug is that people make goo-goo with babies and then eat Brady burgers. Stupid  And you don't think that's useful information, hmm? Rolf, listen, that device is no good unless it's in their house like you planned. Maybe we should rethink this.  I will do the thinking, Bartleby. You just do the listening, hmm?  Monkey's on the table take a stick and knock it off pop goes the weasel That thing scares me.  Can you believe I know all the words? I should go on " Jeopardy "  Hey, hey, hey, party time Look who's here.  Hi, everybody Hi.  Hi, cutie. That's going to be for you.  There's my birthday grandson. Grandpa.  Hey there, guy. How's my big grown-up guy, huh?  Yeah, how are you? And where's the He's on his way. Let me put the gifts down.  Absolutely. Want something to drink? Chips? Can you believe this? What?  A 2-year-old and a kid going off to college. Are you ready for that? Yes. Yes, Brady, I am. Honey, I'm ready for anything as long as my family is together and happy and. which Shawn clearly is not right now. Mm. Yeah. Well, to see how far he went to help out a friend well, not even a friend someone who needed him. I'm proud of him for that, but But but disappointed that he lied and that he didn't come to us about Jan. Mm-hmm, and he's paying a heavy price for that. You know, I've tried talking to him about Belle, but he just shuts down. ' Cause he's still in love with her. that it's over, that she's not going to forgive him, ever. Well, I'm happy that he's going to the dance. With Chloe. What do you suppose that's all about? She's one gifted singer, Nance. Chloe's now a speech writer. Did you hear that speech before graduation? No. She said she preferred to do it entirely on her own, didn't want anyone's input. She didn't need anyone's input. She was amazing. I was so proud of her. Weren't you proud of her, too, sweetie? Hmm? Craig, I was beyond proud. I mean, my daughter is she's everything I never was. She's poised, she's smart, she is so strong. You're all those things, too, sweetie. No, Craig, I'm not. Yes I try. I've talked myself into helped there. And, um, I read a lot to try to get smarter. But strong? That's a real challenge. Nancy. Hey, look at me. You have more strength than you know. You do, Nancy. You you're full of strength and heart and. sweetheart, that's why I know that whatever we find out about Chloe, you're going to you're going to be there for her. You're going to be strong, and you're going to be loving, and you're going to support her, and you're going to help her with everything she's got. She's very lucky to have you, Nancy Wesley. Very lucky. Yes, she is. And you're right. I am strong. And I'm I'm going to get even stronger, Craig. And no matter what happens, I am going to let her know just how much she's loved, how much we You know, for someone who totally nailed her valedictorian speech and had everyone's parents wishing that their kids were half as smart and together as you, you can't be depressed. That would just be too. bizarre. I'm not depressed, Mimi. I'm just thinking about Belle and Shawn. Well, tonight may be our last chance to get them back together, huh?  Before Belle goes off to college. Well, I'm getting Shawn to the dance.  How do we get Belle there? Hey, I like a blunt cut on you. It looks wonderful. You know, your grandparents called from Colorado asking about your size, and I said distinctly, size small or a size 4. So what do they send you? Pants in a size 8 and a medium sweater. I thought we'd exchange them as long as we're going to be here. Are you hearing a word that I'm saying?  I've . You know, since you were so poised during your speech today, I thought we would let's change this little outfit for a power suit. Maybe like that one. Mom, maybe if I was 40. Ha ha ha. I got you to smile. I'm sorry, Mom. I really do hate being like this  Belle. I was looking all over for you. Dr. Evans. Um, I need some time alone with you. I need to tell you something. It's important. Shawn, my mom and I are busy right now. You know what? I don't mind exchanging this for you. I know all your sizes. Why don't you two take some time and chat? I'll meet you right back here. Sighs  I had to talk to you. I listened to your speech at graduation. It was amazing, but I could see in your eyes that you because I didn't trust you. And there's no excuse. I know that. In fact, the more I think about it, the angrier I get with myself for believing Jan over you. The idea that you could hurt anyone how could I have not known better? You know, there's no point in beating yourself up over this.  I'm trying to make you understand. I was so focused on saving Jan's baby that I couldn't see anything else. She knew that, and she used it. She lied to me. She manipulated me. She did things to make me look bad and to keep us apart. And I fell for it. I was a fool. But she's gone. Jan is gone. Her mother has taken her to London. So? Just because Jan is gone, just because this is over, do you think that changes everything that you've done to me?  No, no, of  But. nothing. I guess I just need to know that you're okay. Not about me. I don't expect you to forgive me. ever. But I know you're unhappy, and that is because of me, and I can't stand it. You should be having a great time, enjoying the end of the year. You should be going to the Last Blast. You shouldn't be alone. But I am alone, and I am not having a great time, and I am definitely not going to the Last Blast.  See, that is what's wrong. So are a lot of things, Shawn. Can't you see that? In our lives, in the world, that is just how it is. You're going to have to get used to it. Nancy, you're confusing me, sweetheart. I know you're determined to be upbeat, yet you won't let Chloe go to the dance I be upbeat and a caring mother at the same time? I mean, what if she gets over-tired? Sweetheart, who is the doctor here? Hmm? Yeah. Do you think I would let her go if I thought it was a bad idea? No. Sweetheart, she's going to be at that dance surrounded by tons of people kids and adults, and if anything happens, they'll Wait What? Wait a second. You're saying that something could happen, yet, Craig, you're gung ho to let her walk out that door, get in a car, go to the dance, where she could Nancy, listen to me. She's feeling okay. Not great, admittedly, but she's feeling okay. She got through graduation just fine. No, she was better than fine. She was amazing. She was at the top of her game. Forget it. What? to that dance tonight. Hey, Roman. Hey, Roman. What's up? I, uh, understand that Zack likes his new toy. Yeah, he does. He loves it. Greta made a great choice. What are you thinking? Bo, you know what he's thinking. He's worried about Zack's safety. And so am I. And so are you, and I wish you would just stop pretending that everything is okay and admit it. We can't let our guard down, not for one minute. Now we're cooking. At least they're talking about the kid.  Oh, please Do you mind? I am trying to listen here. ( " Pop-Goes-the-Weasel " -plays ) Humming along Yay Do you like that? Huh? Yeah, Mommy will set it up for you again.  Got his eye on that no matter what. Okay, hold here. Okay, come here. Zack, hold on a second. Listen, we know Lexie's not a threat anymore, but with Stefano still out there That bastard will never get his hands on my son. We'll be here 15 years from today celebrating Zack's graduation just the same as we're celebrating Shawn's today.  There's the graduate  Oh, he's here He's here at last Oh, congratulations, class of 2002, you beauty, you.  Yeah, thank you.  You were the best one in the whole class.  Oh, now I know you're lying.  It's true.  Hey.  Hey.  How about a big kiss for your grandma?  Right there?  Right there.  Right there.  Oh, Shawn, we're so proud of you.  Thank you, Grandma. And thank you all for being here today.  Of course I mean, I thought you'd be bringing some friends over with you.  Yeah, well, they might come by later. Shawn, come on over here. We got a surprise for you. Cynthia.  Hi, Philip. Cool ceremony, huh? Yeah. Yeah, it was all right.  Yeah, but those speeches " gather ye rosebuds where ye may "? I thought I was gon na hurl. Really? That's pretty sad.  What? Don't tell me you actually got sucked in. Yeah, I actually was.  Oh, my sweet, idealistic Stop.  What's got you in such a bad mood? Sitting here with you.  Look, I don't know what's going on with you, but how about you go and get dressed for the dance? No, no, I'm not really in a rush ,' cause I'm not going .  You're kidding, right? Nope. Dead serious.  But we had it all planned Forget it, Cynthia. It's over.  Why? I could never go to a dance or anywhere else with a friend of Jan's, not after what she did to Shawn and Belle.  But I didn't help Jan Yeah, but you didn't stop her, did you? You could have done the right thing, but you didn't. You're nothing but a user. And a manipulator. So goodbye. Hey. Where's Chloe?  She had to go, but I wouldn't have missed that for anything. You were great, Philip. Right.  All right, well, it's time to move on with the plan. Are you all set? Yep, yeah. I'll talk to you later, okay?  Okay. Bye. Hey.  Hey was supposed to meet her here.  No, I haven't. Um, but, actually, I have to talk to you about something. Um, Chloe, Philip, and I are. Oh. Shawn Hold on one second, sweetheart. Your brother wants to say hi. Hold on.  Hey, J.T. Hey, bro. I I love you, buddy, and I miss you. Anyway, I-I want to wish you a happy birthday, and I Hope I see you soon, okay? " Br " ha ha. He said " bro. " He's still calling me " bro. " All right, buddy. Bye. Recognized your voice. Hey, Glen? Yeah. Yeah, thanks a lot. Talk to you soon.  Abe, you okay?  Here he comes. What's the matter, Abe?  Hi. Hey, Zack. Happy birthday, huh? I guess I'll just, um. I'll come right out with it. Lexie's missing. She escaped? Yeah. She's flown the coop High-five Or not. Abe, what happened? I don't I don't I don't know all the details. Looks like she subdued a nurse and switched places with her. So she's gone? Gone. Honey, are you sure that I can't fix you something? No, it's all right, Mom. I'm just going to get a pint of rocky road, take it up to my room, and watch a movie. I'll be back. Uh-huh. (Doorbell-rings) Hi. Mimi, what are you doing here?  I have to work hospitality at the dance, remember? So I wanted to show you my fabulous dress. What do you think? Oh, it's great. It's, so I wanted to see if I could finally persuade you to come with me. Mimi  Sure could use a friend. Why are you doing this? You know I don't want to go, and I don't want to stand there all night by myself.  What happened to, " you don't have to have a date to have a good time "? It's not about that. I just I can't go.  We'll have fun, I promise. We'll talk, we'll eat. I heard the food's going to be really great. Mimi, can we please drop it? I am not going. (Doorbell-rings)  Uh-oh. Wonder who that could be. Hey, Belle. You're not even dressed yet. What? Come on, Cinderella, you're going to the ball after all. Here you go. I think this will be for the best. You rest, and in a couple of hours, we'll see how you're doing. In a couple of hours, I'll be at the dance. Chloe, you need to conserve your strength. Come on, Nancy. Craig, you're the doctor. Don't you think I can go to the dance? Craig? Of course you do. I can see it in your eyes. So please explain that to Nancy while I go upstairs and get dressed. Craig, what are you thinking? I'm thinking she's going to be okay. And I'm also thinking that if she has to go into treatment, Nancy, this could be her last dance or her last night out for a while, and I think we should let her have it. You're worried about Lexie, aren't you?  No, no, no, no. On the contrary, she is even more like her father than think she'll do now?  Well, contact us, I hope, but just to be on the safe side, I'd better send some men out to look for her. Abe, don't worry about us. We'll have round-the-clock police protection. We'll be fine. What about you? Yeah. Sure. Oy. Let's do it.  Uh, what about the baby's gifts? Um, I'll come back for' em later, mom.  Okay. Thanks for everything. Sorry the party's cut short.  Have a great evening.  Yeah, thanks. Grandma.  Excellent. Our men are out on the streets, looking for her even as we speak. I just heard them say they're going to leave the baby's gifts at the pub.  Damn Now I have to listen to more orders for Brady burgers.  Listen. You focus on what is important able to focus at all. Alexandra has escaped, and we must find her. Help her to get her child back. Yeah, because she's, uh. Whistles You know?  Well, in her current state of mind, anything is possible.  They probably should've taken that jack-in-the-box with them.  You want me to go after them?  Oh, it's Zack's favorite. I'm sure he's going to miss it.  Well. wait a minute, hold on. Hold on, what do we have here? All around the cobbler's bench the monkey chased the weasel the monkey thought it was all in fun pop  Why are you still playing it?  I-I thought it looked broken, you know? I guess I was wrong.  Well.  It's fine.  It's a shame they were in such a rush. Oh, it's just so upsetting. (Shawn-speaks)  After everything they've they have to worry.  Well, this family needs a break.  Ja, I agree a break. Just be careful what you wish for, Mr. and Mrs. Brady, hmm? Those two cops out front are good guys.  What do you want me to do, Dad? Well, help us get some semblance of normalcy around here get yourself dressed for the dance. Oh, look what Mommy got for you. Hi, sweetie. Are you going to be okay with the tiny man? Sure. All right. I'm going to check on the cops out back.  Ball. Ball. Shawn.  I think I should stay here with you. Absolutely not. Honey, this is your last high school dance. You have to go. Come here, sweet pea. You need to go out and have some fun.  I don't know about having fun when Belle's at ruined this for her, and not just the Last Blast, but graduation. And talking to her, apologizing it's just so lame because she doesn't want to hear it, and I don't blame her. What happened to getting ready? Shawn. Come on. You don't want to keep Chloe waiting.  No. I don't. I can't let her down. She deserves to have fun tonight. So do you. Go. Oh, Chloe, how beautiful. Well, well, well. Nancy, please, no pictures. Please, sweetheart, just a couple. Turn to the left and let me get that gorgeous profile, okay? You look beautiful, sweetheart. I don't know. When I bought this, I thought the color was becoming. It's a beautiful color. Absolutely. Besides, what color wouldn't look amazing on you? Am I, you could use a little more blush. Chloe, you look fine. You're right, Craig. She's beautiful just the way she is. Come on, honey, let's sit down. Why? Shawn will be here in a couple of minutes. And don't be all " take care of yourself, Chloe. Don't exert too much energy. " I don't want him to know that anything is wrong. And he won't, I promise. I'll be very cool about the whole thing. I'll just be. Haughty accent " Oh, darling, have a fabulous time tonight. Dance your little heart out. Go and have fun. " Maybe you should drop the accent, though. Ha ha ha. Fine, whatever. Chloe, we just want you to have the time of your life. I will. It'll certainly be a night to remember. No. For the millionth Come on, Belle. And don't joke about Cinderella, because I am definitely not Cinderella. Okay. It just makes me feel even more pathetic than I already do. Okay, you're not Cinderella. But you are my good friend, which is why I want to be your escort, and which is why I know we'll have an awesome time.  How could you say no to those dimples, Belle, hmm? Oh Even if I did want to go, I don't have a dress. Well, that's not entirely true. What did you do? I heard from someone that you had your eye on a dress at ballistic. So, I just went right on by and picked it up today, in case you need one. You didn't.  Looks like you have a fairy Godmother. You were all in on this.  Of course. Everybody wants you at the I don't know. You're my friend, Belle, so let's do this together to celebrate a lifetime of friendship.  Belle, it's our very own Last Blast. It's our last chance to be together as classmates. You have to be there. Please? Okay. I'll go. Yeah All right  Ooh, good Duh-duh-duh-duh Whoa You are looking are you my son? Because you look handsome. You look great.  Thank you very much. Where's Zack? Your dad just put him to bed. Oh, there's your dad now. Hey, you look great Very nice, very cool.  Wish I felt cool. Wish I felt like going. Oh, come on. You'll have more fun than you expect.  I hope so. At least I'm going to pretend to have fun, for Chloe's sake. Youn't have to say this.  Oh, yeah, okay, don't drink and drive. And try to get home at a decent time, please.  If I'm going to be late, I'll give you a call. I appreciate that. I love you, honey. Have a fabulous time. Are you sure you're going to be okay? We'll be fine.  All right. And I have my cell phone if you need to call Go on, go on. Just get out of here. Have some fun. A worrywart. I wonder where he gets that. Must be the Brady side of the family. Mm-hmm. (Creaking) Did you just hear that? Probably just the guys out back. Bo, go check it, please? Please go check it. All right, all right. Listen, Abe, let me coordinate the search for Lexie, all right up to me, okay? Yeah, I appreciate that, partner. Tell me something. How in the hell do you suppose this happened? It's hard to say really. She must've have had outside help. I bet it was DiMera, or one of his men. Was it you, Rolfsky?  Of course not. But  Shh. I'm going to send some men over to the DiMera place just in case she shows up, and then we put out an APB on Dr. Rolf. Hear that, Rolfsky? They're coming after you.  Well, they will have to find me first, won't they? Did anything happen when you were with her? She just seemed to have gone over the edge. She was angry and raving. And somehow, she switched places with the nurse. Yeah, well, in some way, the nurse got in Lexie's room just out like a light. (Cellular-phone-rings) (Ring) Yeah. Carver here. Yeah, well, thank you. Thank you. We just got a lead. Lexie? No. The helper. (Doorbell-rings) I'll get it. Hey, Shawn, how are ya?  Uh, good. Good. Um, do me a favor. I want to talk to you outside for a second.  Sure. You, uh, you look sharp.  Thank you. Thanks. You, um, you ready for a good safe time tonight?  Yeah. I don't need to give you the. old rules of conduct speech, do I?  No, no, my dad covered that pretty well. Good. Good. You got a cell phone?  Yeah. Great. Do me a favor, will you? Why don't you take my numbers with you, okay? It . You know that Chloe hasn't been feeling all that well lately, and just in case anything were to come up or happen, I want you to call me immediately, okay, and I'll come get her. And I don't care what time it is. I just want you to call me.  Yeah. Okay? Hi. What are you two talking about?  Hey, wow. Wow, you look beautiful. Thanks.  That's for you. Oh, thank you. Come on, let's go. Bye, Craig. Don't go yet Wait Wait, I think your mom Please don't go yet. I have to get a couple pictures. Come back in just for a minute. Come on. Inside. Just a few shots. Come on. Okay, get together. Come on. Oh, great. Come on, big smiles Big smiles Oh see, we're hoping that if we get Belle and Shawn together on the dance floor, they'll talk, maybe work things out. We know they still love each other. It's just a matter of Belle forgiving Shawn, which isn't going to be that easy, because what Shawn did was totally screwed-up. Well, that's one way to put it. I just want to make sure that Belle doesn't have any pressure tonight not any kind. Well, no, no. I'm not going to do anything that isn't going to make her completely happy. I guarantee you that, Dr. Evans. I'll be a totally cool escort. I think you will. Oh, my word Whoa. Belle. You look amazing. Thank you, Philip. Not exactly glass slippers, but they do match my dress. My mom even got me a purse, too. Thanks, Mom. Mm-hmm. Oh What am I thinking? Wait a minute, hold on. Pictures, pictures. Okay. Corsage. Oh, wait, mom. All right, I'll get you framed up. First thing I'd like to do is, uh, if you don't mind, is get Belle by herself, okay? You ready? 1. 2. great. Okay, uh, everybody, together, together. Are you ready? Ha ha Oh, it's great. It's great. All right, there you go. You're all done. Thank you. Okay, but I'm still not sure that this is a good idea.  Of course this is a good idea. We're going to have so much fun, even little me who can't dance, but I'm going to make the best of it. Now, that is the spirit. You just go and dance and laugh and remember how much fun you of those fun times I would really like to forget them. Uh-huh, well. yeah, come here. Whispering You listen to me. Shawn loved you. He still loves you from what I hear. You don't have to forgive him. You don't even have to speak to him. But think about the good times you had, about the love that you shared, not about the anger and the pain, and you just go and you have the celebration you deserve .' Cause this is your last high school dance. Oh, man, I can't stand this. Ha ha ha ha Oh, honey. You're wearing me out with running up and down the stairs every five I thought I just heard something. You didn't. Maybe I should just stay up there, Bo. Maybe you should stay down here with me. Sit down. Come on. Let the baby sleep. I know what the same thing. But we got to fight it. First of all, if we panic, it won't do us any good. Second, imagine DiMera's satisfaction if he knew we were sitting around here, scared, biting our nails. We got to try to relax, stay cool and calm. Yeah, right. Stay cool. Stay cool. Right. That's going to be really easy. Bo, Lexie is insane. Completely. And vindictive. She wants our baby, and undoubtedly, Stefano is behind her 100%. And what? I'm supposed to stay cool, not worry? My God, what, are you crazy? Hope, stop Will you listen to me? DiMera will not win. Lexie will never get near our baby again. Never. So you figure Brandon Walker helped Lexie escape? He was at the psych ward visiting her when I was there earlier. He tried to blame her situation on me. belonged there. But the two of them are friends, and they've been friends for quite some time now, right? Apparently she's turned to Brandon Walker before for help.  Well, she should have come to me. Unless unless Brandon is somehow connected with DiMera.  Scoffs Well, whether he is or not, there's something going on with those two. No doubt in my mind. But walker's nowhere to be found. I'm going to find him. You can be damn sure of that. I'm going to find him and my wife.  Ball. Hope, he was asleep. I'm sorry. I can't leave him alone, Bo. We have men all around the house. I am trying. Honestly, I am. I'm trying to be courageous, not to panic. And I know that if anyone can protect this family, it not talking about normal, everyday dangers here. We're talking about DiMera and Lexie, who has become a DiMera. She's out there, Bo. She's out there somewhere wanting our baby, wanting him with such an unbelievable intensity. I'm scared. Wait. I know exactly what we have to do. Have a great time, you two. Now, you call me if you need Thank you, Nancy. Don't wait up. Laughs By Craig. Bye, sweetheart. Have a good time. Thank you. Take care, Shawn.  All right. She's going to be okay. I'm telling you, she's going to be just fine, just like at graduation, sweetheart. I pray you're right, Craig.  Uh, hey, your parents were acting kind of strange. Is everything all right? Yeah, perfect. And by the end of this Okay, I've got two more shots on this disk. Belle, are you ready? 1. 2. and. okay. Okay, good. Hold on. Just let me get one more. All right, 1. 2. all righty, that was the last frame. We're all done. Thanks. Time to go then. Nice job.  Come on, you can't get cold feet now. Mnh-mnh. Miss Belle, I'm very proud to be taking you to our last Last Blast. So now your carriage awaits. Your footmen are at the ready. Your horses are pawing at the, um. pavement. Right? Pavement, yeah. So, uh, take my arm, and we'll be off. Miss Mimi, the door, please.  Of course. Mm-hmm. Philip.  Bye. Mimi. Thanks, Mom. You have a wonderful time tonight. And if you I'll come get you. Okay. I'm loving you. Me too, Mom. Oh, Belle. I hope you're going to be all right. 
Yeah. Okay. He was asleep. I can't leave him alone. We have police all around the house. I'm trying, Bo, honestly, okay? I am. I'm trying to be courageous and not to panic, but. Look, I know that if anyone can protect this family, I know it's you, Brady, but we're not talking about normal everyday dangers here. We're talking about DiMera and Lexie, who has become a DiMera. My God, Bo, she's out there.  Bo. She's out there somewhere wanting our baby wanting him with such unbelievable sick intensity that I'm scared. Wait, wait. I know exactly what we have to do. What? What what can we do? We'll board the " Fancy Face " tonight and leave Salem. Whoo We need champagne.  This is just the beginning. The best is 's my sister. Nicole? Whose jets does he think he's turning on? Oh, no. This can't be happening not now. It's happening, all right.  Small world. Is this your idea of a joke? Do you think I would get a room right next to my brother? I had no idea you were here. But you knew, didn't you, Colin?  Guilty as charged. Panting Those gunshots were real, and that antique gun had real bullets in it. What? Sweet old Iris is loaded for bear, and that's not all. Brandon and Jennifer are not on the guest list. Wait a second. Brandon called here. We have been set up This is Brandon's idea of a practical joke. Well, that book and those gunshots are not funny. You get your stuff, we're getting out of here have known any place called the full moon. I'll just get our keys. Then we're going to go. Where are my keys? Come on. Where are my keys? Come on, let's go. Let's go. Let's get out of here. Come on. Come on, come on, come on. Where are you? Oh, Brandon's gon na pay for this, the muscle-head. If he so much as touches Jennifer, I am going to come on, step on it. We're getting out of here no Sami? Sami, come on. Quick. Sami? Come on out. Missing something? Yes my roommate. She was here. Now she's not, and she didn't just disappear into thin air. Well, of course not. I just saw her in the hallway. What? Yeah, I think she was headed outside. No. Sami, do Gasping  You're toast, Blondie. You can bend over and kiss your butt goodbye. ( Horn honking ) I don't believe this. You tailed us here? He planned it in advance right down to the room arrangements. You set it up so that you would be in the next room?  Lighten up, folks. We're supposed to be on holiday. No one treats my sister that way and gets away with it. No, Brandon  Take it easy. I'm not as devious as you're making out. Like hell you're not.  I heard you describing the lodge to someone at the hospital, and it sounded like an ideal spot, so I booked a room. I mean, who knew you were going to turn up on the same weekend, practically in the same hot tub? Please. I don't buy that crap. Please, why don't you go see how and leave you alone with him? Oh, believe me, if he tries anything, I will scream this place down. Go ahead. Go on. Be right back. Okay.  Jennifer? You still there? Yes, I am still here.  I'm decent now. How could you do this, Colin? How could you stoop so low?  Oh, come on. You think this is funny, don't you?  You Americans see everything as an affront, an attack. Well, I'm not attacking you or Brandon or his sister. I'm doing what you suggested I do, Jennifer, what you claim you're doing trying to put the past behind me and move on. So I brought a beautiful woman to a spectacular resort. Yes, you did, making sure that I would see you just hoping that I would be jealous.  Are you, Jennifer? Are you jealous? . Only till Lexie's found and we know that Zack here is safe. I think it would be kind of nice to be alone as a family, not always having to watch our backs. So is that a yes? Yes. Yes, I'd love to do it. All right. Hey, tiny man, looks like you're going to get your sea legs. You know, I'll call Shawn, let him know what's up. Okay, and I'll think about what to pack. Ooh. Don't pack too much. If DiMera's men are watching the house, we don't want them to know. Right. We don't want them to think that we're leaving town. You're right. Besides, I'll pick up whatever we need once we're out of Salem. Yeah, spend some money. Your money. Oh, Brady, thank you for being so smart.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. You and the boys mean everything to me. Good. I'll be back in a few. Mm-hmm. Hey. Come on in. Thanks. I just wanted to check on things here. It's been pretty quiet. So how's Hope doing? Great, now that we've decided to leave. What? We're going to board the " Fancy Face " and take off, just until Lexie's been you know, till she's back in custody. That's a good idea. I'll go with you down to the dock. Yeah. Thanks. Appreciate that. I got to make a few calls before we leave. Okay. You go ahead, and I'll, uh. Send some of my people down there to check on the boat. All right. And secure the area. It's dead tonight. Man #2 Santos. Commander Carver. Yes, sir. Right away. Man #2 Don't tell me we're finally going to see some action.  He wants a sweep of detective Brady's boat, the " Fancy Face. "  If you do as I say, then you'll live to see your Dever-ox again. Now get moving. Ooh It's Deveraux, you stupid jerk (Gunshot) Aah  You little you'll pay for this Ow Aah Sami Sami, come on, come on, come on. Come out, come out, wherever you are, Sami. Come on. Are you oh. Sami, come on, get in this car quick before the next round of gunshots. Sa wait a minute. Wait a minute. Who's been messing with my car? Oh, no. Somebody stole the battery. Now I really am stuck. Hurry it up, man. She's heavier than she looked a real dead weight.  Laugh Give me a hand over here, will you? Thinks Oh, my God. Sami.  Grunting So much for the old lady. Man #2 These two innkeepers are playing in the wrong league. Thinking Damn it, Brandon Walker. You sent us to a mobsters' convention. That's right. I got to find Sami and help get us the hell out of here. Cake, dear? C-cak uh. Wait a minute. I, uh. I-I I saw you, um. I-I mean I saw you in the trunk. You're, uh, not a man who holds his liquor well, are you? No, something something very weird is going on here. I mean, you sure you're not, uh. Watch that Just testing. Testing. Um, tell me, uh, thefts in the area? Your car is missing? No, no, no. I-it's right outside. Somebody ripped off the battery. Oh tsk, tsk, tsk dear. First your girlfriend leaves you and now you have car trouble. Well, perhaps she took the battery to keep you from following her, hmm? Thinking Sami never left this house. She was so scared after those gun shots, she was all over me like a cheap suit. Yoo-hoo. Excuse me. If you don't need anything else, I think I'll turn in. No, no, no. Iris, one more thing. A little earlier, one of Harry's Murder and Mayhem books fell off the bookshelf up in our room. Oh, dear. No one was hurt, but, uh, but, uh, the book fell open and there was a marked passage, and we started to read it out loud, and the next room reading the same passage right along with us. This old house makes quite a few strange noises. Jack Help Like that? Like what? Help me They're trying to kill me Like that. Don't try to deny it. You heard it, too. Sami's in trouble. Sami Sami Dr. Colin Murphy, you are the most arrogant, obnoxious man  You are jealous. I am not going to let you ruin this weekend for Brandon and me.  I'm jealous as hell of him. I admit that. Goodbye.  That's not all she wrote, my lovely Jennifer not by a long shot. Oh, why did this have to happen? Everything was so perfect. I'm going to kill that guy. Oh, gosh. Is Nicole still really upset? She won't even answer the door. What do here? No. No, no, no, no. What do you say what do you say we don't? Well, I don't see us sharing the hot tub with Nicole and Colin. Well, that's okay, because I don't intend on sharing you with anybody. We came here to be alone. We are alone. Are you thinking what I think you're thinking? Uh-huh. You're serious. I'm very serious. We made a deal, and a deal is a deal. A deal? What deal? My, how quickly you have forgotten. (Romantic-music-playing) This is the first hint. Nice. Oh, excuse me. It's coming back to me. Yeah, because, you see, we agreed to start out in the hot tub, and then we said that we would end up right here in this bed, and a deal is want to be with you right now, for the rest of the night. I was beginning to think my brother drowned you in the hot tub.  I figured that'll be at the top of your wish list. Why don't you get out of that wet towel and find out what I'm wishing for?  You're just full of surprises, aren't you? Ha ha. Oh, I don't compare to you when it comes to surprises.  Here's your second chance.  I give up. You win. Damn right I do.  You have a great forehand. Ever try tennis? I wanted you to know what it feels like to be seduced and slapped at the same time.  I don't suppose we could work this out. Not in this lifetime, and the next time you want a game of making Jennifer jealous, you pick another playmate.  Ooh, nothing I like better than it you Americans say " let it all hang out "? Oh. Well, here's another American phrase for you chill out, creep  Aah Get out.  You get out. (Thud) Don't worry. I know the drill. We'll take good care of your Mr. Dever-ox. Thinking Dever-ox? That's what those hit men in Vegas called me. I'm a marked man. Okay, then. Goodbye. Oh, didn't find your girlfriend? Uh. No, I-I'm I'm going to leave that up to the police. They're going to tear this place apart. Ha ha ha. I don't think so. My Harry's the sheriff. Well, then, he better start talking, because I'm telling you, I heard Sami screaming before. She is trapped in this house somewhere. I don't know what sick game you and your hubby are playing I don't have to take this from you. Now, y-y-you can't shoot me. I mean, people know I'm here. They're on their way here even as we speak. It's time to explain the full moon checkout policy to you, Mr. Dever-ox. Nobody nobody leaves this B &amp; B alive. Oh, I lost him. Okay, Sami, just pull yourself together. There's got to be a way out of here. You've been in worse scrapes than this. (Gasping) Samantha, up here Brandon Don't move. Oh, god, Brandon, please help me Please help me I will, Samantha, I promise, but I need you to listen to me, okay? Bran You've got to press your back against the hillside. Can you do that? Aah Aah Samantha I can't The ground No No, you can't do that. Those rocks are too dangerous. Brandon Aah Brandon Samantha Brandon, please help me Wait a second. I'm right back where I started from. I've been going in circles this whole time. All right. Open this door. Sami all right, I guess I just don't have the magic touch here. Jack Jack, are you still in there? Jack, please don't ditch me Jack, open this door Oh. (Rustling) What next, the ghost of Christmas past? (Footsteps) You are such a sicko.  You're a sore loser Pervert  Hothead Nicole Are you all right? Brandon.  Superman to the rescue. What the hell did you do to her?  Me? I'm gon na kill you  Get your hands off me I'm warning you, the door What happened? What's going on? He attacked her.  She threw the lamp, not me. Next time I won't miss.  There won't be a next time. You got that right. No, Brandon Come near my sister again, I will break your neck. I am going to the spa. But first I'm going to freshen up, and when I come back, Colin, I better find you gone. You heard her, mate. Get to packing. From now on, you stay away from her and Jennifer. Thanks for covering for me, roman. I owe you one. Okay. All right, all right, I owe you more than one. Yeah, I talked to pop. I told him I'll be in contact with you and Abe the whole time I'm gone. All right, later. Abe. Hi. Ha by to check up on you. Thank you. Roman says " hey. " He's going over to Mrs. H's after we're gone. You know, I think you need to keep your travel plans as quiet as possible. We don't want Lexie and Stefano getting wind of it. Yeah. When I radio in, I won't tell you my exact location. Did you hear from Shawn? I packed a few things for him. He's not coming with us. I want him with us. Yeah, well, he wants to stay here, think about his summer plans and college. I said it was okay. Bo, wait a minute. Do you really think it's safe for him to be alone with everything that's going on? I called all the grandparents, Mrs. H. They said they're going to take turns keeping track of him. Roman will, you know, I'll stop by and I'll make dinner with him as often as he'll have me. We can watch some baseball. He'll be fine. Yeah. He'll be fine. Is everything packed? Bags are ready to go. They're upstairs. Yeah, here you go. Um, I'll be down in a minute. Whoo-hoo.  Babbling You'll always be a part of Zack's life. You know, I wish that Lexie would understand what she's done to that little boy. To all of us. Honestly, I don't know how you've been able to be so strong through all of this. You've stood by us, even when it meant losing the child that you'd raised since he was born. I wish there was something more that we could do for you, Abe. (Cellular-phone-rings) Excuse me. (Ring) Yeah, Commander Carver. What have you got?  It's us it looks like Detective Brady's boat is secure. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yes, sir. Leave that. The Commander's on his way. Something big must be going down. Thinking I've got to get out of here before Abe shows up. But where can I go? There's no place that's safe. I am really sorry. This is all my fault, Brandon. Hey, you are not responsible for Colin. Besides, you know, he'll be gone soon. And we still have the whole weekend ahead of us. Think we could get back to where we were? I would sure like to try. Let's see. Ha ha. I think that we. Something like this. And. I think something like this. (Cellular-phone-rings) (ring) You should you should get that, right? (Ring) You must be kidding. Well, I mean, what if it's an (Ring) Don't move. (Ring) (ring) Hello? Brandon, it's me. I need your help. What's happened? I escaped from the hospital. You wh where are you? I'm at the dock. I was hiding in a boat, but the police started searching it. Abe is tracking me down. Brandon, you're the only person I can trust. I am not in Salem. I'm out of town. Come back. Please Brandon, I don't have anyone else, and Abe is closing in. Brandon, please, please help me. Look, the police are going to be coming back. Don't tell anyone I called. Just come. Hello? Hello? Brandon, who was it? It was that patient that I was telling you about before we left. Oh, that really troubled one? Yeah. Yeah. Look, why don't You know, you can enjoy the spa, use the hot tub, and, uh, I'll be back in time for a fashionably late supper. You know, I would be more than happy to go along with you so that you don't have to drive by yourself. Well, I I'd rather have a reason to come back. Okay, I'll I'll be here. To be continued.  I'm sorry. Outside, Dever-ox Wh-what is this, the full moon bed-and-burial? Keep moving Wait a minute. What are you going to do? You going to hand me over to your goons, let them do your dirty work for you? I want the pleasure of taking you out myself. Pants Aah Give me that Give me you are one tough old bird Aah Ooh. Aah Nighty-night, granny. I'm going . Wait a minute. Oh, boy. I can't leave Sami in their clutches. Oh. No. Sami, I'm coming for you, dead or alive.  Gotcha, Goldilocks. Did you get a hold of Shawn? Yeah, he's fine. He sends his love. Just needed to hear his voice. You having second thoughts? No, no. This is something that we need to do. Okay, here we go. We're going to get on the big boat. Yeah. Hey, big guy. Here he is. Zack's all ready to travel here, yeah. Thinking Isaac. My baby.  Water. Yeah, water. Lots of water. We'll stay in contact. All right, as soon as I find Lexie, I'll let you know. All right. You take care of yourself, okay? As long as I know he . Okay, Mommy gets in first. All right. Thank you. You okay? Yeah. Yeah. I was just remembering our first trip on the " Fancy Face " with Shawn. Now we get to share it with our youngest son.  Mommy, Mommy, Mommy. Yeah, you know what? You are going to have a big adventure. I wish I was going with you.  Water. Water. All right, here you go. Coming aboard. There you are. Coming aboard. That's my boy. Oh, my God. Bo and Hope are going to take him away and never come back. No lock. No lock. Oh. Since when is there an open-door policy for the mob? Open door. Open door. Wait a minute. This this is exactly where Sami was standing before she disappeared. And if she didn't go out that door, then there must Sherlock Holmes bit. I'm calling the police. 911. Come on. (Telephone-rings)  Emergency operator. Police. Get me the police. What is the nature of your emergency? Missing person, corpses and cars, hit men and a berserk granny. Your location is? The Full Moon in Ogden. Hurry, we are being hunted by homicidal maniacs. We hello? Hello? Oh, they cut the line. They cut oh, maybe they'll fool 911. There probably aren't any outside lines in this morgue. Wait a minute. There's a story for the " spectator " in this if I live long enough to tell it. Yeah, you're the only one who can save me now. I thought you were leaving.  I'll be out of here in a few minutes. Not that you have any reason to believe me, but I won't bother you anymore. I get the message. Name it. Just keep going. Go back to Ireland or Africa or wherever it is you came from. (Cellular-phone-rings) Ring, -ring, -ring, -ring, -ring, 2-ring Hold on, hold on. Brandon? Jennifer, thank heaven. Oh, Jack, not you. Please Don't hang up, please. This is a matter of life and death. Lover-boy Walker set Sami and me up. I know. I know all about it. You know? About the mob hanging out at this so-called B&amp;B in Ogden? Jack, I don't know what you are talking about. Ask muscle-head about the gun-packin' mama and her dapper don hubby at the Full Moon Bed-and-Breakfast. You know what? Whatever you are trying to pull, it is not going to work. Do you understand me? You can also tell him Sami's disappeared, and she may be dead. Oh, you you, Jack. This is real, I swear. If you won't help the father of your child, think about what it will do for the " spectator. " " Editor busts gangland hideout. " Ahh Oh, yeah? What about " editor busts her ex-husband Don't shoot, please. (Gunshot) Jack Jack, ans Jack Answer me (Dial-tone) You don't have any rental cars available? No, no, I need one right now. Okay, thanks anyway. Jack, if this is one of your stunts, I'm going to kill you.  Problem? Go away, Colin. Darn it  You're obviously upset about something. Could you just forget that I'm the enemy for one minute and just tell me what's wrong? All right. Jack is the one who just called me, all right, and I think he's trying to scare me. He said he's being, and he thinks she might be dead.  Even Jack wouldn't kid about something like that. Where is he? He's in a bed-and-breakfast in Ogden. I wrote it all down. It's inside, but I don't want to call the police, because I don't trust him. Jack has cried wolf so many times. But when I was on the phone with him, I could have sworn I heard a gunshot, and then the phone went dead. And when I called back, there was no answer. All right, and now I can't even get out of here because I don't have a car' cause Brandon had to go back to Salem for an emergency. You know what? I'm going to call 911.  No. Wait. I mean, what if jack is just playing some kind of game? Look, Ogden's only a couple of minutes away. I'll drive you. Come on. You don't . I'll meet you outside of my room in the corridor.  Okay. Thanks, Deveraux.  All set? Yeah, let's get out of here. Come on. I hope this works and the three of them are safe. (Beep) Commander, the station has a message for you from the hospital. Well, maybe they've located my wife. I'll call the station from my car. (Cellular-phone-rings) Yeah. We're on our way. A 911 two blocks away. No. You can't take my baby. I won't let' em. Lexie Move Move Wait a minute. H-how did you get in here? I had an out-of-body experience the kind you're about to have. You know, you're not going to get away with this. The police will be here any minute. Going, going, gone, Dever-ox It's time you and No, please, no. Aah Aah Wait Hey, what do you know? Adjoining rooms. This must be some kind of a secret passage Aah 
So this time, the whole night is going to be Romantic. No interruptions. Yeah, unless the Salem Inn sprinklers happen to go off. Oh, don't even think that. And, of course, I have a couple surprises planned. You know, I have a few surprises of my own. Okay. Victor has promised Nicole a wedding gift. On the day they marry, he's going to destroy me and your daughter. Ah, thanks a lot. Happy New Year. Oh, hey. Looks like we had the same idea. Yeah, fortification. I've got a long day ahead. Aw, right. You're not on the schedule for tonight. You got big plans for your New Year's eve? Not really. You? Oh, yeah. Hope and I we're going to Victor's wedding. Oh-ho. Not my idea of a good time. Maybe you can go out with Victor tie the knot with some other woman. Nah, trust me. She's going to put as much distance between her and Kiriakis as she can.  Hurry, people. We only have a few hours yes, right there is fine. Okay, come on. Make the mantel look really nice, and, you, you come with me to the kitchen. Let's go. Nico, what have you found out? And Murphy got the invitation, huh? Excellent. Well, that's one wedding gift that I'll see to personally, that blackmailing son of a then I'll take care of my bride-to-be. My God, Victor. You aren't actually going ahead with this. It's criminal.  Emergency gall bladder that's the last thing I needed at 3:00 A.M. Hmm. What do we have here? An invitation to Victor and Nicole's nuptials. I won't miss that sideshow for the world. . Damn who? Samantha. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you, but, um, you know, I was worried about you last night. I-I used the key you gave me and stayed here. I fell asleep. Are you okay? Yeah, I just I had a rough night, that's all. Oh. Well, where were you? Open up, Brandon. Nicole? Give it back to me, Brandon. I know you have it. Hey, Nicky, calm down. What is she talking about? What does she think you took? Thank you.  Mm-hmm. Where's Rex?  Outside, sitting in his new car. Not planning to drive it, I Hope.  Not unless there's an adult with us. We know. Ha ha ha ha ha.  Actually, Tony, I was thinking all the presents see new sports cars outside it made us so happy. You've made me happy, too. You've brought life and laughter to this house. Sorely missed.  We really are a family, aren't we? The three of us. Yes. Marlena. Are you sure you want to do this? I don't have a choice. No matter what happens, I love you, and I'm here for you. I know that. That's what gives me the strength I need.  Why did you just call me Marlena? I was just thinking, actually. if it wasn't for Marlena, the three of us wouldn't be celebrating this holiday together. I think we have a great deal.  It's too bad that you and Belle's parents can't forget the past like me and Rex. If you didn't remember the bad things, Marlena and her husband could be our family, too . There's the positive aspects of life love. The other, negative, which is jealousy, hate, mistrust. But these emotions do bind people together, even though they're negative and destructive.  Well, it sounds so scary. Oh, you two have nothing to worry about. You're so good and loving. I don't think you'll be caught up in other people's power struggles.  Did you, with John black and dr. Marlena? There were times. positive feelings there, too.  Does that make you sad that it's not like that anymore? Well, with the two of you here? No, things are much better. Besides, I've gotten closer to Marlena, closer to you.  I'm glad.  We'll do whatever we can to help you guys be friends again. I know you will. I'm counting on it. Mother. Now, see, Brandon, isn't she? Look, Samantha, you need to leave us alone so we can talk. Is she getting you to do some kind of dirty work for her or something? No. Brandon. Today is my wedding day, and we all know what that means, don't we? Tonight I become Mrs. Victor Kiriakis, so don't screw with me Nicky, that's enough. No, it's okay. I'm I'm going. All right, well, I'll call you, all right? Yeah. I love you. Give me the check, Brandon. I know you have it. You're not getting it. There is no way that I'm letting that blackmailing son of a bitch do this to you. If I don't give Colin the $5 million, the wedding is off, and I am a dead woman. You're not. I'll take Murphy, too. (Cellular-phone-rings) (Ring) (Ring) (Ring)  Dr. Murphy.  Well, it's about time. Where the hell have you been?  In the O.R.  Well, don't you think you should be tracking down Bo?  Look, I still have 24 hours to get the job done.  Yeah, well, you know, there's no penalty for taking him out early. You know that.  I'll contact you when it's over. Don't call me again.  Just remember, if cousin Bo sees in the New Year alive and well, you're toast, doctor. Kill him, or you're going to wish you were dead. I'll catch you later. Hey, Roman, I know it's none of my business. Then don't ask. But how serious are you and Kate? I don't want her to get hurt, that's all. Did she get in over, yeah, I think so. What are you going to do if it turns out that her connection to the DiMeras is something criminal? I don't want anyone to see it. Sweet temptation chocolate-flavored body lotion. Well, you're always telling me what a chocoholic you are. Put it away before someone sees it. Aah just kidding. All right, your turn. I think I'll wait. You were the one who thought information on Kate might turn up in grant's files. Yeah, but it didn't, and there was nothing connecting her to his death. Well, not yet. I think we ought to move the investigation from her over to Tony and cousin Colin. In case you're forgetting, you saw Colin meeting with Raymond Grant in that alley behind Salem place. We're going to need to have a lot more than that to convict him. Well, let's bring . Well, if we don't get any breaks, we'll do that. What are you holding back for? I just think if we give him enough rope, he'll hang himself, and if and when that happens, for your sake, I Hope Kate isn't involved.  All right, everyone, please come with me. Hurry, we've got a lot to do in the rest of the house. Come on, let's go. I'll call you back. All right, let's have it. What are you accusing me of this time? Neglecting our son. If you hadn't thrown him out of the house, if you hadn't cut off his allowance, he wouldn't have run away like this. He's not a runaway. He joined the marines. Well, the last time I talked to him, he had called me from boot camp at Parris Island, and, frankly, I . Otherwise, I'm going to be tempted to tell him the truth, and you know how devastating it's going to be to him to learn what his father is planning? What are you blithering about? Victor, know about your wedding present to Nicole. Now, I don't care about what happens to Sami, but how are you going to live with yourself if you destroy the mother of your son? Cut the macho hero crap, okay? I got myself into this mess. I can get myself out. Just hand over the damn cashier's check. What, and you think Colin is going to stop at $5 million? Nicky, once you are Mrs. Victor Kiriakis, he will bleed you dry. Well, then I will worry about that after I've tied. Please, I'm begging you, Brandon. Hand over the check. Let me go back to the mansion before Victor is suspicious. I thought you said 'd found the cashier's check and was onto you. I was wrong. When I rushed back to the mansion to find out what he knew, he had a champagne supper waiting. Trust me, if he had seen the check, I'd be out on the streets right now. That could still happen. You can not trust Colin Murphy, even if you give him the money. Stop arguing with me. I'm running out of time. I have to give Colin that check. My whole life is at stake. I will take care of it. No Nicky, there is no way that I am letting him do this to you. No one's going to hurt you not Colin or Victor. I'll see them both dead first. Don't bother announcing me. I will see myself in. Tony, why haven't you answered any of my messages? I didn't know I was at your beck me before Colin Murphy strikes again. Ah, you can take care of the good doctor. I suggest seduction. Well, he's very blind when it comes to the ladies. Oh, he is my cousin. And besides, I think he's got those bases covered big time. Let me guess, as in the fair Jennifer? Yeah, and her lancelot is going to get it in the neck from the evil aussie. Colin is going to stick it to Jack where it really hurts in the heart. And he's using me to do it. You have to keep it from happening. I have no idea what you're talking about. Okay, I saw Colin and Jennifer together at the Salem Inn. They were going at it hot and heavy in his hotel room doorway. She was saying how she wants him and only Oh, would you spare me the details? Right. All right, the point is and now he is threatening me. He wants me to tell Jack what I saw, break his heart, and if I don't, then he's going to fill Brandon's head with lies about me, and it's going to end my relationship with the man I'm always going to love. Yeah. I understand now. Colin's got the goods on you, and he's using you to do his dirty work for him. Whatever. Colin said I have to set up a meeting with Jack at lookout point tonight at 11:30, and and I have to tell him what I saw and then get out of there, but obviously, Colin is up to more than that. I mean, what is it? What is he planning? Heartbroken reporter leaps to his death as the clock strikes 12:00. Wait a second. Jack would never kill himself. No, but if he's on a high cliff, it would be so easy like a suicide. Oh, my God. You you actually think Colin would kill Jack? Just a wild guess. Oh, my God. I have to tell my dad. I have to tell uncle Bo. And then when the Brady bunch haul in Colin at the police headquarters, he will be singing the sins of Sami for all to hear. Your dirty little secrets will be splashed across the tabloid headlines for weeks to come. Where will the love of your life be then? I can't just let Jack die. You won't. I'll handle Colin. Yeah, but he said I have to take I said I'll handle it. Now leave before I change my mind. Yeah. No, sure, okay. Um, thank you. No place for loose cannons in my organization, Colin. Time you learned that the hard way. Plotting it. You'd do anything to try Charging in here with some trumped-up accusation about me trying to do you in. I heard you plotting it. Go home and worry about Philip. You have nothing to fear from me. Does this mean that Nicole called off the wedding? Not a chance. How do I know I can trust you, Victor? Because I said so. Now get out of here before I wring your neck. Go. Oh, I love it when we can settle things amicably. Kate and Sami are the least of my worries. Nicole is the one that betrayed me. She's the one that's going to have to pay. You can kiss auld lang syne goodbye, my blushing bride. 2003 is going to be your year from hell.  Bo will be morgue material tonight, but I need to do it my way so no one traces the hit back to me.  Ha ha ha. Uh, you're not thinking of setting doc?  Chuckles No one's going to put out an APB on a corpse. You're dead, remember? All I want out of this is that file on me you stole from Raymond Grant's office after you shot him.  Well, guess what. You play it my way, we both get what we want, but you double-cross me, and the cops and DiMera get that file on you. Shawn, stop it. You're so mean. All right, here we go. Let's see here. Think the Salem Inn will let us check in early? Funny. So does this go on the top or Shut up. Hey, you guys. Hi. Hi. Any special plans for New Year's eve? Not really. Ha ha ha. Dad. Yeah. Oh. What's up? Oh, my gosh. It can't be. All these years Alamain. Did you give me away to them because why, because Stefano hated me? And my father did you love him? Would I have loved him? You would have loved her. I did. What the hell are you doing here? Visiting mother. same as you. " Days of Our Lives " we will return for the second half of " Days of Our Lives " in just a moment.  Don't threaten me, Larry. I want that file by midnight tonight.  Well, I'll tell you what, doctor once, uh, the Bradys are mourning the loss of their dear departed bo, well, then we'll discuss the rest of our arrangement. Tell you what we'll talk when Bo breathes his last.  You better not weasel out on me, doctor. or you're going to pay.  Ah. Sorry, cuz. it's you or me. You're going down want anything? No thanks. Okay. I'll get you some more. Thanks. Did i interrupt something? Uh, no. Yeah, well, I was actually, I was going to give you a call in a little while. Oh, yeah? Why? If you get a chance today, try and get out to the Horton cabin. What's up? Well, Belle and i were there yesterday, and we found some ashes in the fireplace, and then I actually saw a Santa's beard and hat on the chair next to the table. I think someone might have broken in. Okay, I'll check it out, and, um, your ma has been just don't say anything to your mother about this, okay? I won't. All right, I'll see you at the wedding. All right, dad. Hey. Bye. Well, in on us at your house. Well, that is why I got a room at the Salem Inn so we can hang the " do not disturb " sign. I need to talk to Victor police business.  Mr. Kiriakis isn't seeing anyone until the wedding. Victor, we need to talk or there won't be a wedding. It's all right, Henderson. Now, what the hell is eating you, Roman? Well, I'm here to protect my daughter and your ex. I know all about the little gift you promised your bride-to-be. Nicole says " I do, " you make Sami and Kate disappear. A tempting idea, but a complete fabrication. I'd check my sources a little more closely if I were you. Well, check this out, Victor if anything happens to my daughter or Kate after this wedding, you'll end up behind bars, not in a honeymoon suite, so, or you'll only be seeing your wife on visiting days. No handshake? Go to hell. Well, hell was finding mother's coffin in an unmarked grave on some Godforsaken island, but she's here now, in Salem where she belongs. How long have you known? What, that we're brothers? Not as long as you think. And you? We will never be brothers. Well, can't fight DNA, John. But I can go on fighting you, and I will. You and all the DiMeras and the evil you bring into this world. In fact, I'd be doing everyone a favor by wiping you all off the face of the earth. John? What is this? If you go after Colin now, you will ruin everything. Look, Victor will find out, and he will destroy my life. Without meaning to, you will be doing exactly what Colin is threatening to and lived to tell about it. I can get out of this, too. Hand over the check. This is a mistake giving in to Colin. Then. I will live with the consequences after I'm married. Thank you. I love you. I'll see you at the wedding. There's no way you are handling this alone. Colin Murphy will never get a chance to cash your check. I'll do whatever it takes to stop him. Hear me again, Victor if Sami or Kate so much as stub a toe after the wedding, you will spend every single day of the rest of your life in prison. Is that clear enough for you? I've already told you you're wasting your time, Roman. Now get the hell out of here.  Your son, Mr. Kiriakis. Well, Bo. Victor. What are you doing here? Just a final security check, that's tonight. I'll check around outside and then head back to the station. Have a nice wedding, Victor. See you later, Bo. Yeah, later. What's going on with you and my brother? John. John. This isn't over. bro. Yes, you've got that right, but like it or not, we are joined by blood, till death do us part. Let's get out of here. I'm glad you showed up when you did, Marlena. Leave her out of this. She's got nothing to do with this. You stay away from her. Do you understand me? I was just trying to. I know what you're trying to do. Turning on all that smarmy charm, bringing us gifts like that damn portrait I know what you're trying to do, and it's going to stop. It's going to stop right now. Here we Do you want to tell her or shall I? I suppose it's left up to me, then. Last time John and I had it out, he accused me of trying to steal you away from him. Okay, so the wedding should be over in about, what. Seven hours? Seven hours and we'll be checking in to the Salem Inn. Mm-hmm.  No, Belle, you can't marry Shawn tonight. You can't. Kate, wait. Hey. Captain, what are you doing? Are you following me? Well, I've been looking for you everywhere, yeah. I got some news, just might make you happy. I have some news for you, too. You go first. No, you go first. All right, all right. I went by Victor's, told him I knew about him threatening you and Sami. You did what? How could mean, how could I do that? What are you talking about? Now you've really done it. Now you have completely ruined it. Your brother's concerned there might be another shootout here tonight somebody else trying to do me in. Are you worried? Is that why you wanted to see me? No. No, I just wanted to ask you a favor maybe the most important thing I'll ever ask you. What is it? I'd like you to stand up for me tonight, Bo. Would you be my best man? Reure Colin Murphy. his hotel room? No msage. Ll deliver it myself, in person. Oh. Perfect timing. Are you alone? Yeah, Nicky's gone, but, uh. I was on my way to an appointment. Oh. I have to take care of something before the wedding. Right. Nicole calls the shots around here. to be perfect. Well, it is going to be perfect a perfect disaster. So. what does she want you to do now? I've changed my mind. Look, I need to, uh, respect my sister's wishes at least until after the wedding. I don't understand. Nothing. All you need to know is I'm not going anywhere right now. Oh, really? What a coincidence. Neither am I. Here's the $5 million.  Ah, sex and money - the only things that make life worth living. Ha ha. Unh, unh, unh. Not so fast. I want the tape, or the deal's off.  I'm calling the shots here, not you. Now give me the damn check. Get out of here. John? Did you say that? Did you accuse Tony of trying to take me away from you? Tony's after Honey, no. Well, you see, John believes that I came back here to fulfill my father's legacy, and to take you away from him and your family forever. Well, that could never happen. Never. Well, of course you wouldn't go willingly. I would never force Marlena to do anything. You must believe that, Marlena. Oh, you lousy 2-faced son of a You know, I think we want to go, don't we, please? So much for oty lo. You thought Shawn and I were getting married?  I heard you. Mm. Well, serves you right for listening in.  Then you're not? No. No, my grandfather's getting married tonight. And we're just wedding guests.  Oh, is this your wedding gift? No, this is personal.  Why don't the two of you come over to our night for our first New Year's eve celebration. Oh, that's really sweet of you. Yeah, but we can't. Yeah. See, weddings tend to last a really long time, and there is a reception afterwards. Yeah, and there's just no way we could, you know, cut out. It's our family. You understand. Yeah.  The Salem Inn? You mentioned checking in there. You mean I go out of my way to save your neck, and this is the thanks I get? I already worked things out with Victor. He gave me his word that no harm is going to come to me. And Sami what about her? Well, I'm not. And if you think you can trust him, then you're cutting your own throat. Roman, I have to trust him. I let Victor know that to get to you, he has to him that I will protect you and my daughter. Oh, thank you. But hopefully it won't come to that. Well, just to make sure, I think maybe I ought to sign on as your personal bodyguard this evening. Unless, of course, you have other New Year's eve plans. Well, I thought I might hole up in the closet with one of will's baseball bats and prepare to fight off Victor's henchmen. Well, I think we can do a whole lot better than that. What do you think? Oh, I think you're on. I know you're not in favor of my marrying Nicole. No, oh, no. I told you before, if this marriage is what you want, I'm all for it. I well. yeah, yeah. I'd be honored to be your best man. Thank you. All the best. Oh, well, so that I can pick up the ring and straighten your tie, do all those best man duties, okay? I'll see you then. All right. See you then. Good. I still have time to make it to the Horton cabin. Nico, what's the latest on Colin Murphy? I need everything on this blackmail attempt. I don't care what you have to do to get it. Yes, I'm going through with the wedding. My blushing bride is going to have a wedding night full of surprises.  Dr. " First do no harm " better take care of Bo tonight, or I'll send them both to the morgue. Doing in the doctor and the detective myself could be more fun, anyway. Ha ha. Ah, whatever. As of tonight, Bo is bye-bye. And I'll have the grieving widow all to myself, to do with as I please. If you think you can pull a think again.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Down, girl. I'm teasing. Get the damn tape.  Chuckles Ah. you want to watch it once more just for old times' sake? There better not be any copies.  Trade ya. Unh, unh, unh. Aren't you forgetting something? Here. Take it. And I never want to see your face again.  Wouldn't you like a quickie just before the wedding? You more than paid for it. Bastard  You'll be seeing a whole lot more of me Mrs. Kiriakis. You're my ticket to a life with Jennifer. Make love to me, Brandon. Hey, hey, hey. What are you running from? Don't push me away. Whatever it is, you can tell me. There's nothing wrong that being with you won't fix. On the next Days I I know he is. Well, what if he is? Come on, don't you trust my love for you? I promise you, if DiMera tries anything with you like his father did, I will stretch him out in one of those cemetery plots. I swear, I will kill him before he ever lays a hand on you. Like father, like son, eh, mother? Brother John gives new meaning to the phrase " sibling rivalry. " He certainly inherited his father's paranoia and his temper. If he thinks he's going up against me, he's made a fatal mistake. Why, he could end up in an early grave. And I'll have Marlena. Happy New Year, Chloe.  Oh, Shawn.  Get a grip, Cassie.  Thinking The New Year's going to come in with a bang. I know what you're trying to do, so you can just forget it  . You are so beautiful. And you are so. Ha ha ha. Happy New Year, Chloe. (Fireworks-popping)  Oh, Shawn.  Get a grip, Cassie.  Give me back my mistletoe.  You could hold a whole mistletoe bush over your head. Shawn's still not gon na kiss you. Okay? He's with Belle. He loves her. Uh, boss. Well, Bart, out with it. What tidbit do you have for me this evening? It's about Dr. Murphy, and you ain't gon na like it. I want you to do a sweep of Colin Murphy's hotel room right now. Tonight. (Doorbell-rings) Yes, Mr. Kiriakis. You want me to report right back to you? I don't want to mess up your wedding. Believe me, you won't.  Mr. Walker is here, sir. Thank you, Henderson. Victor. Brandon I want to see my Sister. She's up in her room getting ready. Not that she's ever going to be ready for what I have planned for her tonight. Oh, hi. You're early. Ooh. You got anything for me? Like what? Like a vodka martini, tranquilizers. Just kidding. Nicky, I'm worried about you. Well, stop, okay? Look, Colin and I made our little swap meet. I gave him the $5 million, and he gave me the tape of me and him. doing the deed. And I'm getting married. See, I told you I could handle it. So there's no reason for you to go after Colin. Are we clear on that, Brandon?  So, the check is in my account. Is that right? I'm now officially $5 million richer? Excellent. Well done. The sex was good, Nicole, but the is going to come in with a bang. Cousin Bo will be dead, that damn Larry Welch will finally be off my back. oh, and let's not forget Jack Deveraux. But Jennifer will once I make sure Jack's history and she and I are on a plane to Ireland.  That's right, Jack. Time to say goodbye. Jennifer, you're a hard woman to get a hold of. I'm sorry. I, uh, I told you that I was dealing with something, and I just couldn't talk to you. You know, I had a feeling that that we were coming to a good place, you and me. Was I wrong? You look like your world's falling apart. Now, how could that be when the man of your dreams is sitting across from you? What's making you so sad? Uh. my cider's gone. Well, I can get you some wrong. Hey I know what you're trying to do, so you can just forget it. I don't know how long this wedding is gon na take, but we'll be by right after to pick up Zack.  Well, I hope Victor knows what he's doing this time. Well, Ma, somehow I don't see Victor and Nicole sailing off into the sunset together.  Well, we should look on the bright side. Yes, we should.  Are you feeling all right, dear? Yeah. I'm just a little tired, I guess. Too many parties. Would you excuse me just a minute? Oh, yeah. I'll be right back. Sure.  Looks like she's been overdoing it. Ahh, you know Hope. During the Holidays, her birthday, she goes all out. She just needs some time to pull herself together.  Yeah. . He's not real. He's not real. Go away, Larry.  I'm not going anywhere.  Evil laughter You're not here. You're not here, Larry. I wish I had killed you. You can't hurt me anymore. You're dead. You're dead. Larry's dead. He can't hurt me. Ha ha.  Hi. Zack has got pop running hard up there. I knew he would.  He loves it. Don't you have a wedding to go to? Oh, yeah. A couple hours.  I'll check on your takeout order, Roman. Thanks, Mom. Takeout? New Year's Eve? You're a class act. Would you get off my back? Come on. Oh, there's my beautiful wife. You know what? You got to take me home and help me get presentable. Okay, Year's, huh? Takeout. My big Brother the big spender. Ha ha ha ha. He's a big spender. Yeah. I'm sorry. You really are going to be spending it alone, aren't you? No, I'm not going to be spending it alone. As a matter of fact, whoa right there is my date tonight. Somehow I don't think Kate knows that she's going to be spending New Year's Eve watching the ball drop on TV. You know, I keep asking myself, did Christmas night really happen, or did I just dream it? You and me saying that we still love each other I was kind of thinking maybe it was a new beginning, but I've just been chasing you ever since, so why don't you tell me what's going on, Jennifer? Uh. it's Colin.  It's New Year's Eve the Bradys. Celebrating getting rid of Jack, you mean. That's why you want me to lure him to lookout point so that you can kill him.  You've been watching too many whodunits, Sami. All I'm asking you to do is to tell Jack the truth that you saw Jennifer come to my room at the Salem Inn, and that you know we made love. No, okay? No way. Jack is an okay guy. I am not going to help you ruin his life or end it.  Do as I say, or I'll go to Brandon and tell him you switched the paternity results on Lexie's baby. What do you think he'll do when he finds out you as good as stole his own child from him? Shh  That's against the law, Sami. You won't just lose Brandon. You'll go straight to jail. Well, what about you? I mean testify that you knew all along and didn't tell anyone.  I can land on my feet. But you've used up your nine lives. Brandon's your last chance to be happy. Are you prepared to lose him for good? Leave Colin alone, damn it. I've handled it. I'm in the clear. In a few hours, I'm going to be Mrs. Victor Kiriakis. Nicky, you are absolutely crazy if you think this thing with Colin is over with. He walked away with $5 million. Colin is a happy man. And I have the tape, which means I can marry Victor with a clean slate. I'm starting over just not poor this time. Look, I'm going to be rich, Brandon, just like we dreamed about when we were kids. That was your dream. I only wanted to be happy. And you are, right? With your dream girl Sami Brady? he comes after you again? I have the greatest insurance policy in the world against that. It's called power. The kind of power that comes with being the wife of a man like Victor. Everything's going to be fine, Brandon. Don't worry. Look, I am gon na go throw this on and go get some appetizers. I'm starved. Trust me. No one hurts my Sister and gets away with it. Nicole, you have your orders. Why are you still here? Uh, I was wondering about an old order you gave me about targeting Sami Brady and Kate Roberts after the wedding. Is that still a go? That was going to be my wedding gift to Nicole Kate and Sami's heads on a platter. No, I think we'll skip that, Nicole. My bride's not going to be getting her heart's desire. In fact, once we're pronounced husband and wife, Nicole's end. Born to get standing ovations. Now tell me the truth. You don't really want to go to this wedding, do you? Well, it's not so much the wedding or the fact that your Grandfather doesn't like me very much. It's just that that house was the last place I saw Philip, and I'm afraid that being there might bring up some sadness. I can't believe we went all the way back down to the lobby. We were busy. Uh, yeah, we were busy. Shawn, we have a wedding to get to. We have to get serious. Yeah, well, let's hope it's a short wedding. Shawn. Hey, I'm serious, okay? All I care about is being alone with you. I know. In the entire time Victor and Nicole are exchanging vows, all I'll be thinking about. never mind. Me that room we have waiting for us over at the Salem Inn? Well, Chloe, I don't think Philip would want you to start the new year feeling sad. (Doorbell-ringing) What the hell? Oh. Belle. Oops. How in the hell did Colin Murphy get $5 million to deposit in a Swiss bank account? I said all along he was 2-timing you, boss. He's been 2-timing you worse than any dame. And get a load of this. Murphy's booked plane tickets to Shannon Airport. My, he has been busy romancing Nicole Walker and Jennifer Horton in the same hotel room. But Jennifer she's the one he's planning to take to Ireland with, isn't he? Yeah, well, he's got a thing for blondes, all right. You want me to shoot down Romeo's plans? No, no, no, please. I'll handle Colin Murphy in my lives to tell about it. Ix-nay on the eats-tray. Ha ha. All right, well, what if I go to the cops?  Hmm, that's it run to Daddy. Oh, I will. I will. I'll tell him and Abe what you're trying to get me to do to Jack.  Oh, yeah? It'll be your word against mine. Frankly, your word's not worth much. You have lied too many times. But I've got hard physical evidence against you. I saved four people's lives when I changed that paternity test. I'm not like you. I'm not out for myself just like you are.  Selfless Sami Brady. Abe and Lexie really love each other, and that baby is bringing them closer together, all right? And Brandon and I have been through a lot. We all deserve to be happy.  Good God, you actually believe story won't persuade the judge. You are going to be facing criminal charges for tampering with Lexie's paternity test, which means you'll lose your job. Oh, you might just as well hand over full custody to Lucas right now. He'll get Will anyway when you're sent to prison. Shut up.  And how do you think Dr. Marlena will react when she learns her Daughter's committed a felony? And your poor Father. Roman spends his life upholding the law, and his little criminal Daughter runs around smashing it to smithereens? Stop it Stop it  But I've saved the best till last, Sami. Brandon. No. No  Oh, yes. Imagine his reaction when he finds out you kept his child from him. I think it's safe to say Brandon's love for you won't survive that bit of deception. Was it something I said? You know, I was going but uh-uh. It's 10 million bucks. Oh. Well, I always believe in ringing in the new year in style. Yeah, well, uh, about that. So, where are you going to take me? The Penthouse Grill? Tuscany? Salem Country Club? You. but you're going to need a tie. I was thinking of, uh, something a little less formal than that, maybe. Oh, okay. Well, anything is fine with me as long as I don't have to watch Victor marry his bimbo bride. Anything? I don't suppose that, uh, that would include eating takeout and watching the ball drop at my house. What I'm saying is that is that you shouldn't be sitting here, because if Colin walked in Oh, to hell with Colin. No, Jack, if he sees you sitting here with me, he will What make him think that I still love him. That is the only way this whole thing is going to work. Let's go. Come on. We got to go. Jen, we'll see you later. Happy New Year. Happy New Year, Jack. Yeah, Happy New Year. Bo, listen, uh, before you go, um, I, uh, I'm researching a story, and, uh, I need some law enforcement perspective. Okay, step into my office. Thanks. What is it? Jen? Happy New Year I can't talk to you right now. Just, uh, have a great, great new year, all right? Okay. And, Jack, don't forget to pick up Abby in the morning. And Happy New Year, everybody. Come on, people, let's go we've got to go. We've got to . Happy New Year. Happy New Year, Colin. Happy New Year. Well, what do you know? I mean, is this fate or what? I-I was just about to call you and see if you wanted to ring in the new year together.  Sorry, Jen. That's not going to happen.  I'd like to be kissing you at the stroke of midnight, but unfortunately, duty calls. Well, then, maybe we can get together later, after you're done saving somebody's life or whatever.  Ha ha. I'd like that. (Thinking) Enjoy your freedom, Colin, because you are going away for a long time. And not to Ireland. Ah, no wonder you like takeout. You have hardly anything in your refrigerator. I hate to cook, for one. Me too. Dinner is warming in the oven. All right, I'll get the champagne. Champagne? expecting what? Ha ha ha. I love to tease you. Well, I guess I am a little overdressed, aren't I? Not for long. Come in, children. Well, Happy New Year.  Yeah, it won't be unless we find Professor Putnam.  He has to help us protect the Dimeras. Yeah, um. would you bring in Rolf immediately? Ha ha ha. This is a festive occasion. You wouldn't know that by the expressions on your long faces. And what's this about wanting to protect the Dimeras? Thank you. Henderson, I told you I wanted privacy before the ceremony. What the hell are these people doing here so early?  It's only family, Miss. Mr. Kiriakis gave his permission. Oh. Well, things are going to change around here after the wedding, got it? I'm going to be the Mistress of this damn house. You can take the woman out of the diner.  Excuse me.  What? Just once, can you forget that you serve french fries for a living? You're the Mother of the bride, for God's sake. If you can't have real class, then fake it.  Sorry. I'll stay out of your way. Thank you. Hey, don't treat her that way. What are you what's wrong with you? You're right. Sorry. I'm stressed out. It's not every day a girl marries a man like Victor Kiriakis. This is all your fault, Murphy. Thank you. No, thank you. So did you get a chance to go to the Horton cabin yet? Oh, uh, your Uncle Roman sent a couple guys out there, so if there's something going on, we'll find out real soon. So what are you and we doing? Mm-hmm. Actually, we are, um. Chloe, you look beautiful. Thanks. You saw me earlier, remember, Belle? If you'll excuse me, I'm going to grab something to eat. What? (Bang)  Scream. Go ahead. I'm going to get you, Hope, and nobody can stop me.  Hey, Sami. I thought you didn't like weddings. Colin. What are you doing here? I know you weren't invited.  I'm here on business, but I plan to have a serious chat with Brandon. Colin, you can't do that.  I gave you your chance. You blew it. Oh, God. There's got to be a way to stop that guy. Hope? Hey. You okay? I-I just got a little lightheaded. I need some food. Okay. What's . Nobody just crashes a wedding. Oh, my God. I'll get rid of him. No, Brandon, I'll go. The last thing I need tonight is more trouble from Colin Murphy. You have a hell of a nerve showing up to my wedding. Well, it's my wedding, too, and I invited him. You have a problem with that, Nicole?  I'm sorry your Shepherd's Pie took so long. It's hot, right out of the oven. Thank you. You know, it's Abby's favorite, so I'm sure there won't be any left over.  Okay. Happy New Year, Caroline.  Oh, Happy New Year to you, Jennifer. Bye-bye. (Cellular-phone-rings) (Rings) Jack. (Ring) Jack, what's going on? I got a question for you. Do you know where Colin is? Yeah, yeah. He's a tuxedo? What are you talking about? He lied to you, Jennifer. I've been tailing Dr. Devious ever since he left the pub. He went to his room at the Salem Inn, got all duded up, and arrived at the Kiriakis mansion for Victor and Nicole's wedding. What? Well, why in the world would he listen, Jack, stay put, all right? Leave your cell phone on and do not go anywhere until I get a hold of you, okay? Well, here you are. Now that we have some libations and we are comfortable, why don't you tell me why you said you need to protect the Dimeras? Because that's my province as head of the Dimera family. If protection is needed, it's up to me to provide it.  Tony, I don't mean to be rude, but  Um, what Cassie means is  I don't think we You said excuse me. Uh. where's Rolf? He just pulled up. All right, children, why don't you make merry? I'll be right back.  So. what is this big emergency? What in blazes have you done to the children? Come on, Jennifer, hurry up. Is this fast enough for you? You're gorgeous. Why? We're going to a wedding. We weren't invited. Since when did you stand ceremony? Put this on. What, what, do you mean? Out here? I'll freeze my buns off. Jack, just do it, now. Come on. No peeking. I wouldn't be marrying you tonight, Nicole, if Colin hadn't saved your life. Come to think of it, I owe our whole relationship to Colin. So be nice to Dr. Murphy. He's to me. That'll be a cold day in hell.  Yes, well, we'll both be there, won't we? In hell. Surprised to see murphy here. Why? He's your Cousin. Is that why you invited him? Enjoy the wedding, Bo. Thank you, Henderson. Thank you. Ahem it's a good thing Henderson didn't ask to see our invitations, seeing as how we didn't have one. Well, that's because we are here on business. Good evening, Victor. Hello. Victor. Jennifer, I didn't expect to see you here this evening. Well, you know, we're covering the wedding for the " spectator. " Uh, it turns out our society editor Stella Krupa, she came down with the flu, and she And since her assistant didn't own a tux, you got stuck with us instead. Well, to be a very interesting evening for us all. No one hurts my Sister and gets away with it.  Nicole's made some very bad decisions, and she's not the only one. Wait till you hear what your girlfriend did. You son of a bitch. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. This is a wedding, not a prizefight. Come on, break it up. Brandon, Brandon. Come on. You want to knock Dr. Murphy around, you wait till after the ceremony. Then you might have some company. Come on, Doctor. Let's go talk. I'm not through with you, Murphy. Samantha, why do you always keep me waiting? Oh, my g Oh, great. One night I need my dad, and he's sleeping with the enemy again. Colin's voice You'll lose Will, you'll lose your . Shh. What's wrong? I think I heard something downstairs. That innocent boy and girl they looked at me and said they need to protect the Dimeras. Why? Why would they say that? Where would they get such a notion, and why would they say to me now that they denied even saying it? Why? Just answer me.  Well, they've been through so much, it's hard to know. I can't stand this just tell me the truth, damn it  Colin Murphy threatened the Dimeras. You know what that means. We got to find Professor Putnam.  You find Putnam. I have better things to do.  Like what?  Like finding Shawn.  No. Ahem. Victor. I'm going to change into my gown. I can't wait for the first day of my new life as your wife. Her first day animal. What's your problem, Deveraux? What's going on with you and Jennifer?  Oh ha ha. Why torture yourself, Jack? Do you really want me to tell you? Smile, damn it. As soon as I say " I do, " I'll be one of the richest, most powerful women in the world, and no one will ever hurt me again. You look dazzling, Hope. Why, thank you, Victor. No one would know you've been through such an awful ordeal. Uh, I'm trying very hard to forget that ever happened. Would you excuse me? What's going on? Jack pull another stunt? No, no, it's not Jack. It's, uh, it's Colin. Listen, I was with him yesterday in his room. You were with him alone? Jennifer, we talked about this. Listen, I Jack, all right? Something really, really awful, because he thinks that I want Jack more than I want him. Okay, so I had to do something. I had to do something to distract him, and I am telling you right now, I have a very strong feeling that he is planning some kind of action, and you were right he is so dangerous. So you've got to stop him. We have to stop him. We have to stop him tonight before he can carry out this plan, okay? Well, we can't do much tonight. No, listen to me. I-I have gone this far. I am not going to stop now, so you need to wire me. Do what you need to do, and I will get him alone, and I will get him to say something incriminating. Jen, it's a little late for that. No, you don't understand. We are running out tonight, he's going to hurt Jack, and that is something that I can not live with. Okay, okay. Calm down. Let's be a little specific here. What did he say he was going to do to Jack? What do you think? Jack have any idea what okay. You said you had to distract him. What'd you do? Jen, no. You slept with him. I'll deal with you later. I have something far more pressing I've got to handle right now. You keep a close eye on the twins until my return, and do not let them out of your sight.  Where are they? Listen to me. It was the only way that I could convince Colin that I loved him and not Jack. I should never have let you get involved with this. Listen, it's not your fault. I knew exactly what I was doing. No wires, no nothing. You've been through enough. I'll handle Murphy tonight.  Jennifer and I spent the afternoon together yesterday. making love. For hours. It's an experience she'll never forget. Colin's voice " Dearest Nicole, congratulations on the wedding. I'm sure you'll be miserable with Victor. Unfortunately for you, the $5 million was just a down payment. " Jack, do you know where Colin is? I think he went outside. It's fireworks. Hmm. Well, who needs them? We're making our own. Good thing he has you, Belle. Oh, I really wish this wedding would get started, don't you, Mom? Oh, would you, uh, excuse me? Yeah.  So we're all set. I'm going to kill Bo Brady tonight. 
Seriously, Shawn, how many guys got killed in that movie? During the credits before the movie even started Not enough. I love that action stuff. All right, all right, but you owe me one chick flick. No. For all the blood and guts I sat through tonight. No, no. All right, you know look, let's go get mimi, we can give philip a call. No, not philip. Why not? I just I I don't really feel like hanging out with him right now. I got your message. What's going on? Got a lab report on that metal you found at the warehouse. We need to hook up and talk about it. Not a good idea. Why the hell not? John? Oh. It's marlena. I need to see you. Sami, what the hell are you doing? Do you hear what she did to Yes Are you kidding? What she did to me? Who plants fake paternity test results for their own baby in a hospital computer? Only a very sick bitch who is deliberately trying to ruin my life. Shut up, samantha. Sami, stop this. No, no. When I think about all the crying and all the worrying that I did that the man I love was her baby's father Sami, I said stop this. Oh, my god. I can't believe you did this. You deserve to rot in hell for what you've done. You deliberately tricked me. You're the one who tricked brandon. You always had the option of telling the truth. It isn't the truth You're just making this worse. I knew exactly what you would do, so I planted those fake test results knowing that you would find them and change them so you could deep brandon. You're damn right it's not fair. It's not fair for brandon to get stuck marrying someone he could never trust. But brandon is too good of a person to see you for the liar you really are, so I made sure I found a way to show him once and for all. Oh, really? What would you have done if I hadn't changed the paternity test results? What would you have done then? I knew there wasn't a chance in hell of that, sami. There's no way you would have come forward. I knew you would never put brandon's needs ahead of your own. I couldn't let him sacrifice himself without at least knowing the truth, seeing it just once. What he does with it is up to him. At least now he knows you for who you really are. Well, I love brandon too much to lose him now. Oh, please. You have a very strange . I can't live without him. So you were willing to do whatever it took, huh? Lie, cheat, steal, as long as things turned out with you getting brandon to say " I do. " What's wrong with that? You lied to me. You lied Only to prove a point, which I did in spades. The jig's up, sami. Your days of playing god with people's lives are over. Like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives. The weather's warming up, and everyone's hitting the trails. find out all you So why the hell can't you meet with me? Did you blow your cover already? No, I just think it's best that people don't see us talking together. Well, since that fact has already been established, I'll send someone else to meet you. What's your location? . Com. I you and .. I wasn't sure that I would want to talk about it, but now I I know I have to. May I come by in the morning? Okay. Llll see you then. What was that all about? All right, well, this is kind of weird, you know? We've known philip forever, and. we're l friends, and now, all of a sudden, you don't want to spend any time with him? We're moving on, all of us. That's that's all I'm saying. I mean, philip's in the military. He just seems really serious now. No, I-I think that's a good thing. Yeah, he's just really busy. I guess I kind of feel like he's moving past us. Hey, guess who just walked in Hey. Hey. What's up? Sami, you have played us you know what it feels like to be lied to, betrayed. You're no better. I didn't do any of this for my own personal gain. I did it for brandon. Well, you keep telling yourself that. Sami, don't you run away from this. Lexie's talking truth. You need to hear it. You are going to just std d there and let her trash me? If you had done the proper thing, nobody would have a right to trash you. Look you couldn't have a better father. And how did you repay him? By duping him into thinking that he was belle's father, and then years later, you pull the same stunt with lucas, only this time with a twist. You said that poor austin was will's father. Poor austin? He left me crying at the altar. I mean, he he totally humiliated me. Well, thank god . I was hoping to save brandon the same fate, but you you managed to get him to the justice of the peace. Well, not to worry, brandon. It can be annulled. Where do you get off acting like some sort of born-again saint? Sami, I never claimed to be a saint, but at least I have admitted my sins and asked for forgiveness, and in return, I've been given a second chance to be a wife and a mother. I am finally happy, but you'll never be anything but miserable. That'll never change. Well, that's where you're wrong. I am the happiest that I have ever been in my whole life. And you want to know why? Because brandon loves me. If he loves you so much, where is he? What? He's gone. Brandon's finally walked out on you. Oh, no. Brandon  Brandon, brandon have told you. I tried to a couple of times, but sami said that you would get me fired You have to understand, I only did it because I was so afraid of losing you. Brandon, please. Brandon, you can't leave me. Okay, all right, I will I will go to the apartment, I will take the car. I'll be there when he walks in. Like hell you will, sami. Oh, my god Leave me alone I have to talk to brandon. You're going to leave him alone. this is out there - I'm seanna collins. Global is proud to sponsor the edmonton and area corporate challengeuntil saturday. It's a two week sport and recreation competition - your chance to cheer on fellow employees and friends. Long on to corporatechallenge.Ab.Ca for event times d d locations.Join globals mike sobel for the 150 ms bike tour saturday and sunday. The tour goes from leduc to camrose canada raising thousands of dollars to help families living with M.S.The heart beat of edmonton fun run and walk takes placesunday at foote field. This fun family event supports the northern alberta cardiac rehabilitation program at the glenrose hospital. And here's a reason to stay out all night, party and run around in circles. It's time to register for the easter seals 24 hour relayjune 21st and 22nd at rundle park. Money raised will be used for mobility equipment and camp he-ho-ha. Registration closes friday We were just talking about you. Oh, yeah? What about me? Just about how you left salem a spoiled rich kid and came back a macho stud. Ha ha. What does that make me? Mm. You're a jock. Now, you see, jocks are kids, studs are men. Oh, really? I mean, do you want to test that theory? We can go one-on-one. Or do you only do that with an you're nothing without a bat in your hand. Right, batboy? Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is this is not a macho contest, and if it was, you guys would tie. I don't go for ties. Me either. I say you go extra innings until you find a winner.  There's nothing to win. Oh, come on. There's always something to win, right? I mean, whether it's the last french fries on the plate or, uh, courtside tickets to a bulls game or. A woman. Uh, so you guys friends again? We were never not friends. Yeah, so why don't we take this party on the road, huh? Head back to the dorm. Or do you not do that kid stuff now that you're a man in uniform? You know, as great as that sounds, I got, you have a special midnight mission? You don't get to tell me what to do. I have to go find brandon. No, no. You are going to leave my brother alone, sami. He loves me. After what you just did to him? Look, he's angry now. I understand that. But he will forgive me, because brandon is loyal and understanding, and he has always said that he loves me for who I really am. You wreck people's lives And I don't know if it's because you're so miserable that you can't stand to see other people happy. Well, whatever it is, I don't care. God, your brother eric loved me. He really loved me, and you made as much trouble as you could for us. Eric dumped you when he found out what a slut you were. When I was with lucas in the mansion, you money, and that is not my fault. You blackmailed me, you bitch. Look, you were having an affair with colin when you were engaged to victor. You tried to pull the plug on my life support. That is called attempted murder. That is not what happened, but whatever. You just tell me what your point is. The point is you've backstabbed yourself, and it's a beautiful thing. It is almost worth all the hell that you put me and my brother through to see your life basically over. You wish. No. No, it's not just me. There's a whole list of other people who would love to see you dead. So why don't you just do us a favor and jump out the nearest window? I don't give up that easy. Sami, where do you think you're going now? * W? Wherever the story. Let's begin with late case of mad cow is a mystery. Every step, every turn. This is an industry still reeling from the story today. From beginning to end, " global national " with kevin newman. I just called tony. Why? I'm going to the mansion tomorrow to, uh, to talk to him. Why? What are you trying to do? Get rid of him in my own way. So why don't you just let me handle that? I'd like to help you. You want tony out of our lives. I agree with you. Hey, don't you want my help? Of course I do. It's just that I want to protect you from having to deal with the man. I don't trust him. Neither do I, especially now. What happened between you and tony? Joe lyons, " salem sun. " I've been looking for a story all night long joe, belle and I are having a private conversation here with a friend. Why don't we do this another time, okay? Oh, you're that couple from " love is blind. " Yeah, we are. No offense, but you've already had your 15 minutes. You are shawn brady, right? Yeah. You're my story. Why? Because you stopped the mayor from getting away, silly. Yeah, it's a big deal, shawn. Come on. Let's find a tab. Well, as long as it's okay with you. Yeah. I'll keep her company. Okay. Okay. I'm going to call the piece " one ball, one hit, no errors. " Ahem. Hello. Hello. Am I making you uncomfortable? No. Good. So shawn was pretty nice to me. Didn't bashn't tell him about our kiss. Why would I? Why wouldn't you? Get her out of my face. Kate is with me, sami. Get used to it. Great. That's just what I need her gloating. No, you need a swift kick in the butt. I wish I'd have given it to you a long time ago. Well, dad, as much as I would love to stand here and listen to you tell me how disappointed you are in me, I really don't have the time. I have to go find brandon. Sami, leave the man alone. You've hurt him enough. Shut up. Are you going to let her talk to me like that? Kate, I'll handle this. I love you, sami. My god, I love you. I don't know how many times I got to tell you that. But I also don't this I am really disappointed in you. There, you've said it. You feel better? Don't be flip with me. You're in a lot of trouble. Not just with me or brandon. You let yourself down and your son. He's just lost another father figure in his life. I am doing this for will, so that he can have a mother and a father and a happy home. That that is what this whole thing has been about. And if lexie weren't so evil, brandon and i would still be getting married, and you would be walking me down that aisle in three weeks. Lexie's absolutely right. You keep making the same damn mistake over and over again, and you just don't seem to get it. I just want a man to love me. What is wrong with that? The ends do not justify the means, sami. (Sobbing) It's one of is absolutely right. You do not get love with lies. You've got to learn that lesson once and for all. Well, maybe. My god, grow up, girl. If my parents had been with me to teach me right from wrong when I was No You stop. You stop right there. You're not going to switch this blame to me or your mother. I don't give a damn how bad a childhood you had. Sooner or later, you've got to start taking responsibility for your own actions. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? And it kills me to say this to you, sami, but I am so damn ashamed of you. Sobbing loudly You deserved that. Having fun yet? I I am. Oh. I'm sure you are, lucas. This is all your fault. Yeah. You bet it is. Hey, brandon, it Oh. You're moving out. Thank god, huh? Hey, look, you know what? Victor has a huge house. You could come stay with us. You'd never have to see him. Thanks, nicky, but I've got other plans. Well, hey, um. will you at least consider it? I know you gave up your loft, so you can't go back there. And besides, it's too easy for sami to harass you. You know the best thing about victor's is he's practically got armed guards at every door, so sami will never be able to get near you. I'm leaving town, nicky. Oh. You mean you're taking a vacation. Ha ha. That's a great idea. You can go somewhere tropical, hang out with some beautiful women. It's not a vacation, nicky. I'm moving away. Moving? Where? Well, chicago could move in with her until I find a place. Chicago's my kind of town. It'll be good for me there. Brandon, you're you're letting sami chase you away. You know, I can't believe I ever loved her, but I do not put the blame on her. I let myself get taken, you know? Even after I saw what she did to austin. You believe the best about people, brandon. That's one of the things why I love you so much, and it's also one of your tragic flaws. Yeah, well, I've I've got to figure out why I keep letting women do this to me. Ha ha. Oh, brandon, you're going to be okay. I know. I've got to believe that. Mm-hmm. You know, um. this may sound kind of selfish, but, uh. I hate it that you're because I need you, brandon. A married woman shouldn't need her brother so much. (Sobbing) I know. I know, I know. I'll miss you, too. You'll have to come visit me. Ha ha. God, I hope I can. Ahem. Who is it? Abe carver. Oh. Uh, are you sure you can handle this? Do you want me to stay? No, no, no. I'll be fine. Okay. Oh, hey, nicole. Hey, abe. Brandon, I was wondering if you could spare a few minutes. Yeah. I love you. You going someplace? Chicago. My sister taylor is there. Right. So when are you coming back? I'm not. I'm moving away. Oh, joy. You spiedsomeone breathtaking. Come on. You and shawn are going out if his girlfriend kissed another guy? No, no, because it didn't mean anything, okay? We wen't on a date. It wasn't a romantic moment. It was a cover so the guy in the warehouse didn't ask us questions about what we were doing in there. It's all true. Besides, you kissed me, you know. I didn't have a choice. Is some girl flirting with you? No, it's " Your latte is here. 6:00. " Wait, did you order coffee on-line? That's not even the right time. What are you looking at? Nothing. It's no big deal. Oh, my god. 6:00 that means right behind you. That guy sent you this message. Oh, my god. Is that happening all the time? Does what happen? You know guys coming on to you. I knew you'd never be blow it. You know what, sami? He'll never forgive you ever .' Cause I know I haven't. I don't care. I don't have time. I have to get home. , This elevator Going crazy, are you? What, are you losing it? Shut up, lucas I got to pay you back, and I didn't even have to get my hands dirty. You Just so you know, I finally got you. Get your freaking hand off the door. No, no, no, no. I am the one who's on top, and you you're in the dirt. You're moving away? What about your job? I quit. When did you do that? Just now. Well, you don't waste time. Well, there's nothing in salem for me now. Look, abe, . I mean, you get that, right? You know, I've got some news for you, brandon. You can't move on from the past until you've processed what's happened. All right, go ahead. Process. Brandon. if I had known if your mother had told me I would have been there. I would have been your father in more than name. I would never, never turn my back on a child of mine. You know, when you, uh. when youirirst came to salem, and I saw how much you hated me, maybe I should have had some some recognition. But it just never occurred to me. It never occurred to me. Did you think that that I knew? Did you think that I knew you were my son and I abandoned you? You know, I wasn't thinking. That can get me into trouble. You mean you and lexie. while to get there, but. we might as well face it head-on. You being with my wife. I'm having a lot of difficulty with that. Look, abe, it wasn't about you. But you knew. You knew she was your father's wife. Look, can we sit down, talk about this? Look, I'm not saying that I never thought about it revenge. justice. payback for all the bad things that have been done to me. So it was calculated. Lexie thought that it was over betwn you two permanently. Samantha had just played me for a fool again. Lexie was there. We were there for each other. It never should have happened. It never did again. I still I still want to kill you. Do you get that? Yes. Well. you probably want to kill me, too. Brandon. you think we can forgive each other I don't know about bonding with you now. It's a little too easy, don't you think? Is it wrong for a for a father to want healing with his son? For warmer weather. We've got teeratures today You can forgive me. after what I took from you? Lexie doesn't belong to me. We chose to be together. We chose to be parents of this new child, and I deeply regret what happened with lexie and me. She wouldn't have come to you, otherwise. So. y you think we can forgive each other? I don't know. You know, I don't I don't have much experience with that. My mom wanted me to forgive her husband, but I couldn't. Brandon, you know, you have every reason to hate paul mendez, but he's dead, and you're here now. You know, I know from my own experience that you just hurt yourself. You know, you've been you' been hurt enough. So let go of the hate. the anger. Do it for your future. Do it for the family that you're going to have with some some loving woman one day. It always goes wrong. The steps you've taken today are going to change that. You stay away from selfish women who want to use you. Stay in touch with your mother. She loves you, you know that. And both your sisters they love you so much. You have a father now. I had two sons born to me today. So do you have room in your heart for for your new little brother? Well, yeah. I'm sorry about. not getting to see him grow up and all. Chicago's not that far away. The baby and I can always come up and see you, and hopefully, someday soon, we'll 'll be a lucky woman. Sounds like you've got my life all planned out for me. You know, there's nothing wrong with wanting to visualize what you want out of life, see to your own happiness. Do away with your anger. What if I don't know who I am without my anger? Well, I know who you are. You're theodore brandon carver's big brother. What did you say? Lexie and i gave the baby your name. This guy? He's my ride back to the base. Okay, well, if you know him, how come he's sending e-ilils instead of just coming over? Maybe he thought I was on a date. Hey, phil. Hey. What's happening? Uh, thomas edward kramer. Call me " tek. " Everybody does. Right. Nice to meet you.  So how you doing, belle? You I'm sorry. How do you know my name? Now, you have been a part of this thing with tony ever since the night he showed up at the penthouse grill. That was nearly a year ago. Right. And in that year's time, our life has been turned inside-out because of tony. Now, I want to end his influence over my family. I want to help you. I need to help you. Yeah, well, I can see that. It's just that when we talk about flushing tony out of our lives, we are opening ourselves up for attack. My instincts are to take care of you and my family. I know. I love that you protect us. Mobster voice Well, that's good. So then you will allow me to help you take down tony, right? Mobster voice Hey, I'm gon na consider it. We're gon na we have to do is find tony'S. This is the most beautiful sight in the world. Mm. How'd things go with brandon? Pretty well, considering. It's the beginning, abe something you n build on. Maybe even have a real father-son relationship in time. No. Why not? Because of me? He won't be here. He's leaving. I was afraid of that. You okay? I will be. Hey. Come to daddy now. Yes. yes, there you go. You got him? I do. I do. My son. Brandon? Brandon. Brandon. Brandon, I. " Dear will, I'm sorry, but I have to leave. I promise you, it's not your fault. It's mine. I'm going to miss you, buddy. I'll never I'll never forget you. Love, brandon. " nation, and subsequentlyne of th here. Your cruise director, ron  Everybody knows who belle black is. You're a tv star. No, I'm not.  I saw this blindfolded hunk choose you on " love is blind. " Don't tell me you're not a star. Well, according to the reporter philip and I just talked to, we had 15 minutes of fame, and it's just about up. Yeah. Shawn's the famous one now. How'd the interview go, superstar? It was good. He thought it was funny that I beaned the mayor right upside the head. I'm shawn brady. I'm sorry. This is tek kramer. Tek stands for thomas edward kramer. Oh. Yeah, how's it going?  Good. Nice to meet you. Yeah. Well, I'm hungry. Do you want to go and get a burger?  Oh. Yeah get back to the base. Will you guys tell mimi and everybody I said hi? Yeah, definitely. Nice meeting you.  Likewise. Take care. Hey, did you really mean what you said about getting a burger ?' Cause I'm not that hungry. No, no, I just wanted to get out of there. What do you think about that guy tek? I don't know. What do you think about him? He's no marine. Why do you say that? Gut feeling. Starting to sound like your dad again. Something's not right. Philip's got something going on besides whatever he's doing with the marines. Isn't that ironic? We were just talking about how grownup and mature philip was, and it seems like he's gotten himself in t trouble again. Should we talk to him about it? I don't know. Something tells me that we should approach up on the name thing like that. She's a sharp girl.  Yeah, like her father. But you slipped up. Not good.  You thought that was a slip-up, huh? Wasn't it?  I was testing your little girlfriend. She passed with flying colors. Maybe belle may be able to help us at some point. No, no, no. I do not want her involved in this. And she's not my girlfriend.  We got aobob to do. Any help we can get, we'll take, wherever it comes from. You got that? Mm-hmm.  Until this thing is over, family and friends come second. The job comes first. Now, about why I'm here, that piece of metal you found in the warehouse Yeah.  I had it analyzed. It's a ste c casing with a lead underbelly. Most likely, it's used in some kind of the container be used for?  Were you just listening to what I just said? Yeah.  I said lead underbelly. Think about it. What's lead used for? Those giant x-ray machines they run the crates through at customs, right?  Now you're cooking. So, what's in the crates?  That's what we got ta find out. The hunt is on. John's voice Every man has a weakness. All we have to do is find tony'S. Sweetie. Hey. Can you believe this is us? Proud dad and mom with the baby she just gave birth to. Mm. What would've been the odds a year ago, huh? A billion to one. Now, here we are. we have soucuch to be thankful for. (Crying) Aw. poor sami. Come over. to my bedroom. What better place to enjoy ourselves? I won't leave chloe, and you're going to regret it. You rotten bastard. You are exactly like your father. You know, the only thing that turns you on is screwing with other people's lives. 
The guard told me you were here. Yeah, I hope I'm not interrupting anything. No, no, no, no. It's okay. I'm on a break. What's up? Philip, I need your advice about brady.  Brady. May I help you? Yeah, look, I'm sorry to disturb you, but I really needed to see you.  Well, I'm sorry, but this really isn't a good time. I'm packing. Then you pack and I'll talk. When do you leave for the airport?  In an hour. Then that's how much time I have to convince you to change your mind and let me go on tour with chloe.  Everything I've been counting on has turned out badly. The experiment to change coal into diamonds needs to be reevaluated. Setting up that laser in the abandoned mine underneath the city was clearly a mistake, as the resulting earthquake proved. But unforeseen meddling by that homeless man, I believe it would have worked. More unsettling are the results of unlocking my dna.  Hey, rex. Were you waiting long? I'm sorry. I couldn't decide which top to wear. Do you like it?  Yeah, it's great.  I'm not sure I do. The salesperson told me it made me look thin, so of course I bought it. Never mind that it's not my color at all. Anyway, thanks for inviting me to breakfast. I'm starving, and I'm babbling. How about you? Are you feeling any better than you were last night?  No, I'm not, and I thought I would be by now, but look, if you'd rather be with someone else, you know, someone more fun, I totally understand. John, I need to try this my way to get the information on tony to help bring him down. Oh, uh, I don't know you. I'm erin wu. I'm the new housekeeper. And what happened to eliana? I was told she retired. Okay, uh, well, I'm I'm dr. Evans, and count dimera is expecting me. Thank you. Well, yes, I am expecting you, but you're quite early. Is that a problem? No. No, it's not. Please, come in. I must say, seeing you is always, uh. ha ha. A pleasure. Goodbye, little theo. Mommy will see you soon. I hate when they take him away. Well, you should use this time to rest. Oh, no, honey, I'm too excited. I can't wait to get him home in his beautiful little crib. Well, I'll get to hold him once in a while, I hope Ha ha ha ha ha. You know, so much has happened. so quickly. Yeah. Especially for you, I know. Not just becoming little theo's father, but learning that you have another son. Yeah. Brandon and I have a lot of time to make up for, so many things between us that are still unresolved. You'll get there. I just wish I could have convinced him to stay. There's only one person to blame for brandon leaving salem sami brady. That little witch destroys every life she touches. Fay, fay, it's me. Please, you can't hang up, okay? Just just please tell me where brandon is. Damn it. All right. Oh, I can tell you where brandon is. Every time I think that sami's growing up, becoming more responsible. Oh, never going to happen. Yeah, I'm afraid you geing more inexcusable. Switching paternity results and thinking you're going to get away with it? She never learns. This time won't be any different. If you hadn't predicted that I mean, the amazing thing is that you were able to set up sami. Yeah, I'm just sorry I had to stoop to her level, but it was the only way to get brandon to see her for who and what she really is. I don't understand, after all these years. why brandon kept the fact that I was his father secret. Honey, I guess it was just easier to hate you, you know? To blame you for everything that's gone wrong in his life, his mother's life. Yeah, I just hope he stays in touch, that we can talk, get closer. Mm-hmm. I'm sure that'll happen, honey. You may have to take the initiative the first few times, you in his life, and he'll want to be a part of ours. I hope so. The only person I don't think brandon will ever be able to forgive is sami. Well, I was just about to have a light breakfast. Would you care to join me? Oh, no, I've I've eaten, thanks. I'll I'll join you for a glass of juice, though. Oh, great. Please sit down. Make yourself at home. Thank you. What are you doing? Well, I was making myself at home, as you asked me to do. You've got nothing to hide, do you? Oh, no, not at all. Thank you. Unfortunately, the children aren't here at the moment, but I'm expecting them later. Well, that's all right. I didn't come to see them. I told you you. Reay? Y? I'm flattered. Well, I had no patients this morning. John was working. Um, I thought it might be a nice time for us to get I mean, the time worked for me. I see. It's lovely. So, come. What? Uh, where? To my bedroom. What better place to enjoy ourselves? What are you even doing here, lucas? You're supposed to be taking will to school. Oh, I am. Don't worry about it. Although he was a little curious about this bruise on my face. You're so damn lucky I didn't tell him his own mother sucker-punched me. I didn't sucker-punch you. I just knocked you on your ass. You hit me like that again, I swear to god, I'm hitting back. You got that? Hey, just go. Get out of my face,, fine, if you're not interested in kwiwing where brandon went, don't worry about it. What? Stop How do you even know? ' Cause he left me this. Although it was addressed to you, he slipped it under my door. You son of a bitch No, no, no, no, no. You ask nicely. Don't say that. No, you just give it Nicely, right now. Give it to me, please. Please. Here you go. Read it and weep.  You're joking. Ah, not at all. Obviously, you enjoyed the kiss we had the other day. Otherwise, you would have told your husband all about it. And here you are today dressed like that, wanting to spend more time with me. What's a man to think except you came back for more? So what do you say? Should no, no. I think you've misread my intentions. Oh, I don't think so. You assumed, dressed like that, that my blood would leave my brain and I would be putty in your hands and you could pump me for any kind of information you wanted. Excuse me. I have to go now. Was it as good for you as it was for me, marlena? Huh. Uh, I'm thirsty. Do you want something? I'd love a soda. Thanks. You got it. Thank you. So, um, is there some kind of problem with brady? It's cecilia marin. She won't allow brady to come to europe and go on tour with me. What do you know? He took my advice. Your advice? I don'understand. I'm the one who told brady he should go on tour with you in the first place, chloe.n't we at least just discuss this?  There is no way I can allow you to accompany chloe to europe. Please, all right, just please. Give me a chance to make you understand my side.  My mind is made up. Humor me, then, or at least help me understand why you are so against this.  Thank you. Really, I'm sorry to just barge in like this and disturb you. I'm just so crazed. I didn't get much sleep last night, and neither did chloe.  Does she know you're here? No, I ven't seen her yet this morning. I wanted to wait to give her the good news that you've changed your mind.  You care a great deal for chloe. I love her.  Which is why I can't understand why you're so determined to ruin her life.  So let me get this straight you're thinking fun mood, that I would want to ditch you and go find someone else to spend time with, like you have to be some big barrel of laughs for me to want to be with you?  Am I eve a barrel of laughs?  Actually, no. Not that you don't have a fine sense of humor, mind you, but to say you crack me up like no one I know well, that'd be a lie. Actually, conan o'brien cracks me up like no one I know, but he lives in new york and is happily married, apparently, so I guess I'm going to have to settle for the guy I just happen to really like being with, even if the laughs are few and far between, and that happens to be you, you, you. There, I said it.  Said what? I don't think I understood what  Oh, well, let's see. The condensed version? You I know I shouldn't say that, because it's always better to play a little hard to get. so I guess now I've probably turned you off, right? I mean, aren't we all more interested in people who aren't interested in us? Not that that's why I like you. It's not, I swear. I mean, I think you are really great and smart, caring and.  Not funny.  No, no, no. You totally misunderstood. I never said you weren't funny. I said you weren't very funny. But honestly, you're funny enough for me. You're everything enough for me. Actually, more than enough. Aah, shut me up now, please.  No, never.  Okay. So now that I've made a complete fool out of myself, told you how I feel, um, I'd like to ask you a question.  What is it?  so be gentle with your answer, okay?  I'll try.  Okay. Mm. Here it is, rex. Do we have a chance?  I don't think so. Have you gotten to the part where he says that he can't even find the words to tell you how much he despises you, sami ?' Cause that's my favorite. You read this. You bastard Oh, yeah, it was addressed to me, with a note inside asking me to explain things to will and then deliver it to you. No. No. I will explain things to will myself, thank you very much. I'm sure you will. I'll bet you will. Why didn't he tell me where he was going in chicago? Why didn't he leave a phone number or an address? I'll tell you why. Because he doesn't want anything to do with you, that's why. when he says that you'll be getting the annulment papers just as soon as they're drawn up. You didn't even have time to legally consummate your marriage, did you? Boy, that's a shame. Shut up. You're disgusting. I'm disgusting? What about you, huh? I see that look in your eyes. Don't even think about it. About what? Abougegetting yourself pregnant and then telling brandon the brat's his. Cause that's why they have dna tests, sami. Not that someone would be stupid enough and desperate enough to sleep with you, anyway. Look, shut up, okay, lucas? Just shut up Mom? Dad? Will, um. honey, I, um, have some bad news. It's about brandon. He, um. he's decided to go away. Whatever. " Whatever "? I ner really liked him anyway. I got what did you say to him? Nothing, I swear. I'll just bet. Actually, will told me that he only pretended to like brandon because you wanted him to so much. No. No. Will loves brandon. No, no, he actually told me that brandon talked down to him a lot, treated him like a kid. Well, he is a kid. And brandon is exactly the kind of man that should be in my son's life, certainly not a loser like you. And I swear, lucas, I llll never forgive you for ruining my chance with brandon. Wait a minute. You can't blame me for that. As much as I'd like to take credit for it, I can't. All I did was find out that you switched the files. Lexie carver's the one who set you up. Lexie? Lexie's not that smart. Or that devious. Someone else put find out who. Where'd mom go? Uh, mom wants to know something. She wants to know something real badly. You know what? I think she could have saved herself a whole lot of running around if she would have just asked me, because I think I've got the answer.  Here it comes. I knew it. And it's going to be like that cartoon I once saw. " Gee, it's not you, mimi. It's me. I just don't like you. "  What? You know that's not true.  Okay, then there's obviously someone else.  Mimi  You thought I was fun for a while a little eccentric but now you're tired of fun and eccentric, and you just want someone perfect, some perfectly beautiful, perfectly smart.  Mimi, that's  No, it's okay, rex. I'm a very understanding person. Yes, emotionally scarred for life, but I certainly won't hold that against you. On second thought, yes, maybe I will. See you.  Mimi, stop.  Rex, leave me alone, okay, while I still have a teensy bit of pride left.  Mimi, I'm not checking out on you.  You're not?  No.  Then why did you say you don't think we have a chance?  Because, why would you want to be with me now with all the crap that's going on in my life? I'm a one-man freak show.  No, you're not. Don't say that. I understand what you're going through, but  Do you? Do you really?  Yes, I  Have you had your whole life completely turned upside down three times? Huh? Have you known what it's like to have no mother or father? Then you finally find your parents, not your parents after all? Huh? Is that what you're saying, that you understand what I'm going through, because you've experienced all that?  I'm just saying that no matter what you're going through, you have someone who cares about you, someone who's not going anywhere me. And I just don't want you to shut me out.  Come on. Don't cry, mimi. Please. You know, alice called. She said she's making a needlepoint for theo with h n name and birth date on it. Oh, bless her heart. She did say she's moving a little slower, so she might not finish it until he's in high school. Ha ha ha Sami, get out of here Sami The hell I will. Who put you up to this? You leave this room immediately. No, no, you did not come up with this 're not smart enough. What the hell is the matter with you? Isn't it enough that you've made a fool of yourself, you lost your boyfriend? Now you want to come in here and insult everyone? Now you've turned on me, too. You've got to be kidding me. You really expect me to support you after all you've done is lie and manipulate? What about your lovely little wife? She's the one who planted fake paternity records. Ha I mean, this is the sickest thing I've ever heard of. You're blaming the person who set the trap because you were stupienenough to walk into it? Abe look, damn it, you did not come up with this idea on your own, all right? Who someone else suggested it, didn't they? As a matter of fact, yes. I knew it. Someone who's tuned into the way your of panic and desperation. Tony. Mm. When I told tony I was pregnant, he suggested I have a cvs, a paternity test, done at an independent lab, which I did, and it proved what I already knew in my heart that abe is the father of my baby. But tony and I also knew that given abe's and my difficulty in getting pregnant, that brandon was bound to wonder if he was the father. And if brandon wondered, well, so would paranoid little sami. So, given your penchant for altering paternity tests, tony suggested we play with your head. We planted those false results without anyone knowing, and you did exactly as tony predicted. You changed the records. And from that moment, we knew we had you. We knew it was just a matter of time before you'd self-destruct. And in the meantime, well, we had the pure joy of watching you scramble around for months trying to cover your friend. That son of a bitch betrayed me. He did me an enormous favor. I'm his sister, you see. He'll do anything for me. The two of you, you are not going to get away with this. It's over, sami. Anything you do now will only make things worse. It's not over, abe. Not by a long shot. Thank you, erin. My pleasure, mr. Roberts. I really like your new housekeeper. I'm busy, lucas. What can I do for you? Well, I, um, I think I figured something out. Hmm. And what would that be? You helped lexie set sami up, didn't you? No kidding. You are the man That is absolutely freaking brilliant I can't believe that I thought it went very well. Oh, you have no idea. I on her face when the whole thing went down. It was priceless. Oh, I'm so glad I could be of service. Yeah. Now, when you sent me after sami, you knew what I was going to find, didn't you? Well, I know that you're very clever. I was just testing to see how determined and resourceful you could be. But congratulations, lucas. You passed with flying colors. Well, thank you Thank you. This is cause for celebration, yeah? Yes. Yeah, well, hope you don't mind. I took the liberty of picking something very special up on the way over. Why, thank you. That's excellent. Okay. I'll do the honors? Yes. Absolutely. All righty. Mmm, good stuff. Mm-hmm. Sami's downfall. Lovely. Mmm. Ooh, that's good. A word of warning she's angry, she's at her most daererous. Mm. I can handle sami brady. So, it was called cattle point. Of the nation, and subsequentlyne of th here. Your cruise director, ron You told brady to go on tour with me? I just pointed out the obvious. Which was what? That if he wasn't willing to turn his life upside down for you, then he wasn't in love with you enough. But he was, and he is.  It was your idea. Look, it's not like he wouldn't have figured it out for himself. Doesn't really matter now, anyway. Why not? Did he change his mind? No. In fact, he was ready to give up everything he had going for him here in salem leave his job. He had somebody to take over the blue note for him. But madam marin said that there would be no me, that I have to do it all on my own or not at all. So, I'm turning her offer down. You're staying in salem? I won't leave brady. You're making a big mistake, chloe, and you're going to regret it forever. How can you accuse me of trying to ruin chloe's life? I'm willing to give up everything to be with her.  I know you are. And though it may seem admirable, it's the worst possible thing you can do for her future. What the hell are you talking about? I love chloe, and she loves me.  Is it love when you're totally dependent on someone? Chloe can't even sing unless you're there to encourage and support her. Yes, I know that, and she'll get over it.  Not if you're constantly by her side. Brady, to succeed in the world of professional opera needs an overwhelming passion to sing, limitless ambition, nerves of steel, and most important, she has to be self-reliant. And now, I'm sorry, but I really have to finish packing. Besides, there really isn't anything more to say, is there? If chloe goes on this tour, she goes alone. Unfortunately, I don't think she's strong enough to make that choice, which is a pity. I hate to see such a talent go to waste. Goodbye, brady. Hey, hey Ah Hey, my sweet Ahh So good to see you. Oh, I am so happy for you Oh, thank you Tell me everything. What does he weigh? How long is he? What's his name? Okay, 7 pounds, 8 ounces, 21 inches, theodore carver. Oh And is he beautiful? Yes, he's beautiful. He . Oh, I do, but first Look, look, just go down there. You look for the handsomest boy there Oh, you, you, you, you How are you both? Good. We're fine, we're fine, but, um. But? But what? There's something you need to know, marlena, about sami. Where is he, the living room? You can't go inside The hell I can't. Let me go You rotten bastard You are just as bad as everyone ever said you were You are exactly like your father You're worse You know, the only thing that turns you on is screwing with other people's lives. Ha ha ha ha. (Tony-and-lucas-laughing)  Sorry.  I'm sorry I got angry.  You know, rex, I still don't understand. Tony has to be your father. I .  I know, but the dna evidence is irrefutable. I'm not biologically related to tony, marlena, or belle.  You know, not being a dimera isn't necessarily a bad thing. If it were me, I'd be kind of relieved, to tell you the truth.  Look, mimi, even if it's not necessarily a bad thing, I don't want anyone else to know what I found out, okay? You can'tetell anyone.  I won't. I promise. Hey, maybe tony never has to know. I mean, odds are, you're never going to find out who your biological parents are now, anyway.  Well, that's not true. I went back over all the reports from the dna samples you collected at the luncheon, and I found something.  You did? What?  Proof that I'm related to somebody else who was at the table.  Oh, my god Why did know  Mimi  There's only one person it could be john. Marlena, I know this puts you in an awkward position. It does. Thank you for understanding that. Well, she's your daughter. You love her. I do love her. But I can't condone what she's doing. I mean I feel terribly upset about all this, and I I'm so sorry for all the pain she's caused you. It seems like I'm always apologizing for sami. Hey, you know she's an adult, marlena. It's time she took responsibility for her own actions. Of course you're right. I'm going to see if I can't find her. Hey, congratulations on your baby. I'm so pleased. Oh, thank you. I'll see you guys soon. Take care. Mm-hmm. Marlena. Oh, brady, hi, . I need to talk to you. What's the matter? Is it chloe? No, no, no. She's fine health-wise. I was just kind of wondering. What? It's kind of a lame question, actually. There are no lame questions. There are lame answers. I'll try to give you one. What is it?  Do you think that it's possible to love someone too much? (Tony-and-lucas-laughing) It's not funny, damn it. How dare you laugh at someone else's pain? Look who's talking. Uh, we should stop, lucas. No, you're right. Definitely, we should. Stop la stop laughing at me It's not it's it's not (Gasping-and-sobbing) Sami, sami, sami, sami. Are you all right? No. Damn you, I'm dying. Oh, well, before you do, you? Oh, sure. Okay, just get a hold of yourself. Just let me let me go Stop breathing like that. Just take the water. I don't want anything from you, damn it For all I know, the water is poisoned Or maybe that would be better. My life is over anyway (Sobbing) If your patio furniture looks weathered, a little spray paint can go a long way. So, do you think that cecelia marin could be right, that chloe is too dependent on me? Well, I don't understand what makes madam marin an expert on you and chloe. I mean, she barely knows you. And I think she's very presumptuous to analyze your relationship not just analyze it, but esesume to tell you what you need. And you're offended by this? I'm very offended by it, especially by the kind of information she's giving you. I? No, you can't. She's very important to chloe. She's also very powerful in the opera world, and you wouldn't want to alienate her there. And What? And she could be right. But you just said that I said she was presumptuous. Doesn't mean that we can dismiss her information. Would chloe be willing to come and see me for counseling? I doubt it. Chloe doesn't think that she has a problem. Oh. And counseling takes time, which is something we do not have. If she's going to go on this tour, this all needs to be resolved right now today. Well, that can't be done. There are no quick fixes. There are no easy answers, brady. I am not making a mistake. You asked me what I thought. Madam marin is asking t to give up brady fomy career. I You also love singing. Now, you have dreamt about an opportunity like this your entire life. Well, I don't want it if it means that I have to give up brady. Listen, I know this feels like the right choice, but years from now, you're going to resent it. You are going to wake up one day and find yourself wondering about what might have been, never knowing if you made the right choice. And if something should go wrong between you and brady, you're going to resent h,, too. You are so wrong. There is nothing more important than loving brady and being with him. Well, that's exactly what I thought about us once upon a time. But I was wrong, wasn't I? You can't live your whole life for one person, chloe. It doesn't work. You know what? You are just bitter and angry because of what happened between us. don't want me to be happy.  Mimi, wait a second now. It's not john.  No? But you said  If it were john, then I'd still be genetically linked to belle.  Yeah, so, why would that be such a problem? Oh, I get it. You don't want to be genetically linked, because you want to be link linked.  Link linked?  You know, if belle's not your sister, then maybe you two could get something going.  No, I don't want to get something going with belle. Why are we even talking about this?  Right. This is about who you're related to, and it was someone at the luncheon. If it's not john, then. who?  Belle's sister. sami. (Sobbing) Okay, sami, come on. No. No Come on, sit down. Get off me and you I don't need your phony sympathy. I know you hate me You can't bother denying it, because I know everybody hates me. The only person who ever really loved me was brandon, and now he hates me, too. I was so close I was so close to finally getting what I wanted, and now I have nothing. I'm gon na be alone and lonely for the rest of my life. Oh, god Oh, god Wake up. Wake up to a whole new dimension in comfort. Dead or alive. War wasn't a worry for him. I don't care. Now he's in the middle east. But this challenge is bigger than saddam. Will he push for peace like he did for war? Tonight's global national with kevin newman. Why did I even come to see you? Because you knew I'd have your best interests at heart. The only problem here . Chlo w when we were together, you were my whole life. But when it was over, I felt just like nothing mattered anymore. After a while, I decided I couldn't go on like that. So I forced myself to go out into the world alone. And that's when I started to finally grow up. That's not a good analogy, philip. No? No, things are not over between me and brady. If you live your whole life for him, if you make all of your decisions based on what's best for brady, you're going to start to hate him. Why are you doing this to me? ' Cause I don't want to see you make the same mistakes that I did. When I was in love with you, I held on too tight, and I lost you. Well, I will never lose brady. Never. So all I have to do is figure okay on her own, that she can do it without me. Subconsciously, she may be holding on to her dependence on you because she's afraid of failing on her own. So I've got to force her to sing on her own then. Do you have any idea how to do that? Actually, yes. Yes, I do.  Okay, well, I may have barely made it out of freshman biology, but you can't be related to sami if you're not related to marlena. She's her mother.  But she's not mine.  But tbebe genetically linked to sami, you have to share a parent. Oh My god, then that means  Yeah. That roman brady is my father. You think marlena will be able to help sami? I hope so. That girl is one sick puppy. Marlena's the best bet to convince her to get some kind of psychiatric help before she own. All I all I wanted was to make a good life for myself with the man that I loved. And now he's gone, and I am all alone I have nothing left, and it is all because of you Ahh Tony Careful, sami. I hate you I hate you Okay, just calm down Let me go God, you pretended to be my friend. Just get control of yourself. No. You betrayed me You are an evil and manipulative bastard Well, you're a spoiled little brat who finally got what she deserves You are evil and dangerous just like my family said You are a monster Now, don't make me angry. Let me go Let me go Oh, I'll let you go, sami You can go to hell S sami Ahh You fellas wouldn't be trying Il no, sirree. Hey there, officer. You want to check out my melons? We did everything we could until the paramedics arrived, didn't we, tony? What the hell did you do to her? I never meant for sami to get hurt. No, how dare you? What's going on? 
It's going to change your life forever. Is it good or bad? Oh, I think you'll think it's good. It's what you'veeeeen longing for. Nicole, don't hide in the foyer. Come in and join us. Ahem. What's this big surprise, victor? I'm about to raise the curtain on brady's glowing future. I don't believe it. What are you doing back in salem? Look, I know you have every reason not to like my mother. But this isn't about you. It's about your father, right? Come on, sami, don't you even want your own father to be happy? Of course I do. But he doesn't need kate to make him happy. What are you talking about? After all he's been through? She's the only woman who can bring a spark back into his life. Oh, please, that Give me a break. Wait a minute, wait a minute. You sure responded when I kissed you. Well, you caught me by surpris Yeah, but you didn't pull away. (Sarcastic) Oh, yeah, I was so turned on. Yeah, you were. Oh, like I-I have trouble breathing when you use my shower and then strut around my apartment in that glorified washcloth you call a towel. Oh, go ahead, sami. You can admit it. I know you liked it. I'm not going to think less of you. Lucas is no match for sami brady. And she's out to get him. In her perfect world, u u and me and lucas we would all be exterminated. And the frightening thing is, I don't think I have the energy to stop her. Well, I do. In fact, I have got a plan that's going to neutralize my stepdaughter once hold on, all right? Hold on. Hear me out. I'm going to lay myself open to the killer. It's the only chance we have of catching this bastard.  How could you do that, roman? Simple. I'm going to let the killer get me. (Sarcastic) Oh, that's a real good idea. You can't do that. Roman, we have already lost abe, jack, maggie, caroline, and now cassie. We certainly don't want you to be next. I appreciate that, hope. I do. And believe me, I hope I won't be. But it's a chance I'm lling to take to stop this maniac from taking another life. And if it comes down to it, I am prepared to die for it. Who's the babe? Well, stevie is hardly babe.  Oh, victor, please. It's all right, it take it. Thank you. Well, you haven't aged a day since you and mom went to college How would you know? For your information, stevie and my mother took a lot of pictures in their undergrad years, and stevie loaned me one of her scrapbooks so I could get an idea of who mom was. Oh, sweet. Well, if that's it for the big surprise Oh, don't run off, nicole. I'm sure you'll be intesested to hear what stevie's latest project is. Does the fabulous stevie have a last name?  Grossman. Stevie grossman. The renowned architect. Stevie designed titan tower. Her latest project was the frankfurt opera hall. Opera. I see. Yes, I thought you might. You have a commission here in salem, stevie?  Only one of the best commissions of my life. And you said it has something to do with Oh, I think it'll make you very happy. Stevie, why don't you show us what you've got? Oh, my. If this is what I think it is.  Voil. May I present the isabella toscano black concert hall.  Let me tell you about it. Amazing.  All right, look. It's just the beginning. I intend to make all of brady's dreams come true. And none of them include you.  The acoustics are absolutely perfect for the human voice. Well, you've got to have one hell of a plan, because nothing short of black magic will stop sami when she wants something. It's called love, kate. That is what's going to stop her. Look. Nothing sami pulls can outgun the love that you feel for roman. I will put my love for marlena up against sami's tricks any day. John. Can you really be this Since the beginning of time. Look, I love my wife. Nothing is going to tear her away from me not sami's tricks, not celeste's predictions. I choose to believe that nothing is more powerful than love. Well, for all our sakes, I hope that's true. You know, sami, you didn't seem too grossed out when I wasalalking around your apartment in that towel. In fact, I'd venture to say you have daydreams about ripping that towel off me. You think a lot of yourself. Just going by the hungry look in your eye. What? You want to get physical? You want to get physical right here in the cemetery? You know, as soon as my shower gets fixed, you won't see me anymore. It is fixed. I saw the super leave a note on your door. What note? I didn't get a note. Oh. Maybe it . Maybe you took it off so you can keep seeing me half-naked, running around your apartment, huh? The killer's targeting me. Well, I'm targeting him. I'm going to try to beat him at his own game. Roman, there's no way you can win a cat-and-mouse game blindfolded. Bo, what you're saying here is this bastard is the biggest coward going. I know how to deal with cowards. You are being reckless with your own life, roman. Marlena, I completely sympathize with how you're feeling, but you know what? What roman has in mind it could work. Bo, you and i could personally follow him. Once the killer has him cornered, we nail him before anything happens. Now you're talking. No, now you're jumping the gun. What are you talking about? You were almost the killer's victim there separate times. The way this thing her off this case. Granddad, you realize this is going to put salem on the map culturally. More than the cheatin' heart saloon? Yeah, more than the blue note, too. Stevie, this is just an amazing design. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you. Well, your grandfather wants a world-class facility, and he's willing to fund it, so. I think he's the amazing one. My generous husband.  Listen, um, I have to meet my project manager downtown, so. I'll have my driver take you.  Thank you, victor. Always a pleasure. Thank you. Brady, your mom she would be so proud of you. Thank you. Hey, listen, if you're in town for a while, I'd like to buy you dinner.  I would like that. You're on. Okay. See ya.  Pleasure to meet you., victor. Bye. Granddad, I'm so excited about this. You're going to build a memorial to my mother? How can I thank you for this? The look on your face is thanks enough. Just one question. Whatoeoes a concert hall have to do with my future? You said this surprise of yours would change my future. Well, the salem philharmonic has offered you a seat on the board of directors. Uh, excuse me, as thrilling as this is, what happens to the blue note, and what about titan music? Brady isn't some retired old geezer like the rest of the people on the board. And he's already running two businesses. Aren't you spreading him kinda thin? Brady? Well, actually, it kind of works out perfectly. I'm gearing up to start the classical division of titan music. I would love to hear chloe sing in such a concert hall. I wish command. Would you excuse us for a moment? I need to talk to bo. Doc, look at me. Don't try to talk me out of this. You can't expect me to be selfless here. I don't want to lose you. Can you just think about the people who love you, please? That's who I'm doing it for. This killer has got to be stopped. What was that back there? Since when do you make my decisions for me? I am not quitting the force. I am your husband. You're the mother of our children. We would all like you to stay alive. And I want the same thing, believe me. But I also want to catch this destroyer of lives. I am just as committed to this case as you are, bo. I know you are. But our boys they need their mother. More than they need their dad why, but it is. Do you honestly want me to quit the force? * Granddad, I told you, I don't want chloe home for the holidays. She has a new life and a career that she's so excited about. Plus, I told myself I wouldn't put any pressure on her. Stop blabbing and just look at the portfolio. Do you see anything in there about the holidays? It says here that chloe lane is the new recipient of the artist-in-residence grant of the new concert hall. I don't know what to say. Well, I-I do know wh t tsay. Thank you. Thank you for trying to make me happy. It's not like I don't want to be happy. I can't allow chloe to make such a sacrifice. She can not leave cecilia marin's opera company so soon. She's just not ready. No, hope, I don't want you to quit the force. part that wants to spend more time with you, spend more time with the boys, our family. Family means so much more to me now that I know. Now that caroline's gone. I know. Me too. When she came to me in that visitation and told me I'd be without you, that'S. it's given me some nightmares, hope. I get this cold feeling in the pit of my gut every time I think about life without you. And the way things are going, that could happen. No. No. It won't. My god, bo, when when I think of all the times, all the rough times that we've survived, you know how we did it? By believing in each other, by not giving up and sticking it out together you and me. Now, I think we can stop that killer. What do you think? I think married the right woman . Side by side it is. Mm-hmm. So, I guess I won't get you to stop this. Maybe you will consider doing something for me, hmm? What is it? Get somebody to help you bait the killer. So I can get them murdered, too? No way. I'm talking about someone who is who is highly trained at handling dangerous situations and who has a sense of community, the same as you do. You want me to work with john, don't you? Like I would take the notice off your door. I mean, why? What do I have to get from it? Oh, of course, right. I get to feast my eyes on your ripped 6-pack and daydream about pulling the itty-bitty towel you wear off so I can check out your equipment. You know, I've had some hot guys in my life, lucas. Don't flatter yourself. You know, you do that thing where you lower your eyelids and you do that thing with your lips. Oh, yeah? I do, huh? What about you? Yeah, you, parading around your apartment at 7:00 in the morning with your nightshirt on the one with the pink kitties on it. Oh, stop it. Ooh, that's a real nice outfit, mama. That is hot. You're a real temptrs, you know it? Now we got my pamela anderson fantasy finally coming to life. It's great. Oh, give me a break. You think you're sexy first thing in the morning? " Oh, where's the soap, sami? " And " oh, how about some coffee, sami? " And " who stole the last jelly doughnut, sami? " Waah, waah, waah. You are a big baby, and I would be an idiot to have a fantasy about you. Well, let I am not Shut up Truce? With you? Come on, sami, you could use a friend. I could be that person for you. Not if you were the last male human on the planet. Ow Aah Sami Did you just hear something? You mean sami? Well, isn't she always screaming or shrieking or complaining about something? Well, you know, I, for one, refuse to go running every time she throws a hissy fit. I mean, because after all, she just wants to see me dead, right? And I think if she was in the middle of the road bleeding, I would just drive right on by. Kate, right now we have bigger problems than sami and her fits. Do you really think the killer is going after roman next? Putting together rex's theory with the fact the murderer did leave a message on bo's pda, John, what can I do? Is there anything that I can do to help keep roman safe? Yeah. I think there is. Granddad, this is just so generous of you, and I don't mean to throw cold water on it, but. chloe is not at a point in her career where she can just take a leave of absence from cecilia marin's opera company, even if it means becoming an artist-in-residence of a new concert hall. Before you turn me down completely, can I at least tell you the story of how I came to fund the concert hall? Granddad, there's no point Don't I deserve a moment to tell you a story about your mother? My mother. Yes. Well, not directly, but. do you remember when chloe was sick with leukemia and you said you felt the presence of isabella? Yes, she was watching over chloe. Yes. Isabella was capable it was about that same time that I was approached by the salem philharmonic about a financial gift for a new concert hall. During a meeting, they gave me the opportunity to fund the entire project in return for the honor of naming the hall. Well, I immediately thought of my dear isabella. But at the same time, I wasn't sure I wanted to make that large a donation. I mean, we're talking millions. What convinced you, then? Well, at lunch, we had a chinese buffet. And, uh, when I opened my fortune cookie, I got this. " Angels are near. " I can't believe this, granddad. My my dad and I got this same sign when my mother's spirit was near. And I-got this same fortune. I hung it on my refrigerator in my old loft you know, the one where mom and dad lived when I was born. Well, I'm glad . That fortune convinced me to fund the concert hall. I hope it convinces you that my motives are pure. Take another look at the artist-in-residence proposal. Granddad, I'm sorry. I've seen enough. I called your gesture generous a few minutes ago, but. I'm realizing that it's a lot more than that. This is getting into the category of of a bribe. What made you think that that chloe or I could be bought? Doc, I don't have to bring john into this. John has skills that bo and hope would never hope to have, even though john learned them under stefano dimera. So why not put his abilities to work in finding this killer? All right, doc, look, don't jump all over me, okay? But we both know there's a reason why john probably shouldn't know a lot of inside information about how the P.D. Is proceeding with this case. What Have you all gone mad? Even if I thought that caroline had come back to life to speak to celeste, I can't believe she would imply that john would ever hurt me. It wasn't implied. According to celeste, it's going to happen. Do you want this to happen? Is this some excuse you have for going after john? Doc, come on, you got ta know better than that. How can I know better when you refuse to? John is not a killer. Let him prove that to you by helping find the real killer. All right, you listen to me, okay? What if celeste and sami are right? What if years ago, john was programmed to be in salem at this point in time to blow up all our lives? Are you willing to risk your life to prove john's innocent? I would give my life for my husband in a heartbeat. That's a chance you * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * z * z * * * * london drugs I'm not trying to buy you or chloe. I'm just trying to bring you some happiness. Do you remember happiness? I mean, we've been so devastated by the loss of so many friends around here, we've forgotten the meaning of the word. Granddad, I didn't mean to insult you. I'm sorry if I did. Chloe has a lot of pride. She's not going to want some residency handed to her just' cause she's my girlfriend. Do you think so little of the salem artistic community? Do you know that our symphony orchestra can stand up with the best in the country? The artist-in-residence is nominated. They are voted on by a committee of the artistic council and the maestro. At no time was the subject of her boyfriend ever brought wanted chloe. I thought you were keeping up with her career. Milan, berlin, vienna, paris. " the loveliness of miss lane's shimmering soprano is matched only by her exotic beauty. Chloe lane is a true find, a diva who can attract the passion and loyalty of a whole new generation of opera lovers. " The maestro tried to call madam marin many times. She never returned his call. That's when he came to me. Getting chloe lane in salem would be an artistic coup. Wouldn't you like your hometown to be known as something else other than the home of the latest serial killer? Yes, of course, granddad, but And wouldn't it make you happy to have her here? Yes, yes, of course, I would love to have chloe come back home again. I'm having trouble buying this whole idea that john's coming after you. Well, it's ridiculous. And there may we move on, please? But we got this one problem. He was M.I.A. During all the murders. Well, so were half the suspects. So was I, for that matter. Doc, you were in colorado visiting eric at the time of abe's murder. No one's thinking you had anything to do with this. So, what do you think we pull john into this investigation or keep him on the bench? You know, in the unlikely event that john is the killer, it would mean that you've got surveillance on him all the time. And if he's not the killer, he's helping you find the real murderer. So, what have you got to lose? If you are really serious about keeping roman safe, don't leave his side. Oh, does this mean that you don't believe I'm the killer? Of course you're not. I don't know who you're not, my friend. Can I ask never mind. No, no, come on. What is it? No, it's nothing. Truthfully, I don't think I want to know. Listen, kate, if you're worried about something, it's always better to talk about it. Do you think roman's going to die? He's a great cop. He's the best. He won't do anything stupid. Tell me the truth. Do you think roman's going to die? I don't know. Marlena and roman have been reminiscing a lot lately. Yeah, well, they find comfort in that, you know? Caroline's not around anymore. I read once that when you're close to death, you start recalling moments in your life. Maybe roman and marlena are going to abandon us after all. Maybe they're going to leave us for the afterlife. Yes, I'm fine. Well, good. (Coughs) Anything you need? Anything you might want to ask me now? Like, uh, " lucas, will you please give me A. " a what is that 4-letter word that rhymes with " sand "? Hmm. Forget it. Leave me alone. All right, fine. Suit yourself. I don't need you, lucas. I have never needed you. You don't need me? You don't need me now? Are you sure? How are you supposed to get out of that pit, sweetheart? I'll find a way. All right, fine. Suit yourself. Maybe you can scream for someone else to help you. But the only two people that are around now are john and my mother, and I really doubt they're going to rescue you. They are so sleazy. They're together all the time lately, just whispering if that's true, all they got to do is throw a little more dirt on you. You could be their next victim. What are you trying to do, terrify me? I'm in a grave, lucas, you moron. No, you're the moron if you don't understand why my mom and john are talking right now. It's' cause your dad's life has been threatened, and my mom loves him. Yeah, that's right she loves him whether you like it or not. You ever think about maybe she's asking john for help to save your father's life? You ever think of that? John and kate don't have hearts. They're evil. They're probably just coming up with their next plan to murder my dad. I mean, you saw how cassie's dead body fell out of that * My god they're just probably coming up with something even more gruesome and weird for their next I'm telling you, but you know what? I think I figured you out. Figured what out, you bastard, you torturer? I'm not torturing you. I offered to help you. All you need to say is, " lucas, will you give me a " Forget it All right, fine. You know, I have figured you out. You want your mother to die, don't you? Operation red nose will explain how to get safe rides home this holiday season. That's thursday on It's a given that brady would want chloe to come back to salem and perform? I chloe's rave reviews, awesome, but how many are there? Five, six? And how many opera houses are there in the world? Hundreds, thounds? I mean, chloe's just getting started. If she pulls out of cecilia marin's company now, she will never be a true artist. Nicole actually learn before she can become a true diva. I agree, and who better to teach her than the new maestro-in-residence? What new maestro? It's in the proposal. Who is it, pavarotti? I see you don't know a lot about opera. I'll take B.B. King any day. Granddad, is this for real? If you want to impress any opera buff, you just mention this guy's name. He's the foremost maestro in europe. I mean, he could take a a mere artist and transform them into an opera superstar. Wait a minute. I thought cecilia marin was the be-all end-all of the opera world. There's no comparison. Oh, I should also mention the maestro is looking for a new recording label. Are you kidding me? I told you isabella was looking out for chloe and for you. She wants you both to follow your dreams, in music and Angels, my ass. This is no case of divine intervention. You are so rude. What the hell is your problem, nicole? Kate. don't be teaeatened by doc. Yeah, she and roman, they share children together, but they have moved on to other loves, and you have roman's heart now. But for how long? How much time do we have together? The answer to that is the same as it's always been. You've got today. You know, judging by the look on roman's face every time he's with you, I'd have to say that man is in deep, and when roman brady loves, it's for keeps. I ought to know. on a couple different levels. In fact, there were a few years there when I thought he would never stop having feelings for doc. Well, that was then, this is now, and and your wives' tale about reminiscing is yours now, so make the most of it. And marlena is yours. That's a fact. And nothing is going to change that. Come on. That is by far the most insane thing you have ever said, lucas. I do not want my mother to die. I didn't mean die literally as in stop breathing. Well? But you know what? I think it would make your rotten life if roman found john's hands around marlena's neck trying to choke her to death, huh? That would make your day ,' cause then john would get the death penalty, and your parents could get back together. Boy, that'd be awesome for you. My parents belong together, d d you're on crack if you think I'd actually risk my mother's life to prove that john is the serial killer, even though I know that he is. Yeah, but you still want to nail him Oh, yeah. When are you going to let go, huh? When are you going to let go of all that hate? I have good reasons for hating john. That's not what I meant. When are you going to stop hating yourself? Look, if nothing else, it'll give us all some peace of mind to prove one of celeste's premonitions wrong. All right, listen. There was a time when I wanted to think the worst of john black. But not anymore. John says he would never hurt marlena, and I, for one, believe the guy. Yeah, there's something at work here an intricate plan to separate us from our friends. The killer is trying to get us to turn against each other. I mean, think about it. If the killer can make us think that john is a ticking time bomb, what better way to scare us, make us think there's no They want to isolate us. Exactly. I mean, this killer is picking off the carvers, hortons, the bradys, one at a time. This is an ultimate mind game. Each of us becomes our own island, trapped in our own hell. You know what? That sounds about right. The way to beat this bastard is to stick together, so I say let's bring john in out of the cold. Let's put him right in the middle of things. Bo, hope? We're in. We're in. Come here. I want to talk to you. Okay. Excuse us. Yeah. Thank you. I do think having john involved in the case might help you solve it sooner, and I'm sure it'll be good for sami. Oh, doc, whoa. I have just about given up any hope of sami ever changing. Well, but, you know, having you her that john would never do a thing to hurt me. Yeah, well, don't go holding your breath thinking that girl's going to be rational. Still. thanks for putting him on the case. I'm going to tell you this if it does turn out that john is the serial killer, he'll take a bullet. I will shoot to kill. Thank you for giving john another chance. Yeah. He's family. Mm-hmm. We can't turn on each other. If we do, we lose. (Pda-chirps) Who will paul martin put in charge this week? Kevin newman will be in ottawa to find out. The new cabinet on global national. Ahead tonight How saskatchewan is making it cool to curl. Global national It's about time. I'm sure it's very comforting to believe that your mother's spiri is looking down on you sprinkling fairy dust on your future with chloe. , wake up. Victor's pulling the strings. He's the one who's making this all happen the way he wants it to. Granddad. I ld you that I was very grateful for your generous offer, and I meant it. You can change my world any day. So where are we in the process? Has chloe accepted the residency? She doesn't know a thing about it yet. I told the managing director of the symphony to hold off tellg g her until you could do it personally. And there's no time like the present. This is just so incredible. Shall we give the young lovers some privacy? Now that was immensely satisfying. Aw, she's pouting. Does it hurt to see how quickly brady can rgrget that you even existed? Wait till you see how brutally I cut you out of my life. Chloe? Yeah. Listen. I have the most exciting news. You've never forgiven Because you loved him. While your real father was held captive by stefano dimera for years. Just shut up, okay? And get me out of here. You better listen. You better pay attention. I'm talking truth here, sami. Don't you dare try to shrink me while I'm stuck down here. I get enough of it from my mother. Look, just give me a I'm sorry, what was that? Give you a what? Give you a what? A lift Fine, that's close enough. Come here. (Grunts) (Coughs) You all right? (Groans) Thank you. It was so gross, with the bugs and the dirt and the creepy. You know what, sami? You should really start to think about why you have all that anger towards john. Because he's a pig, that's why. He stole my mother away from my father, and I about? Sami, everybody knows that john was basically kicked out of the brady family. It must have been hard for you, because you loved him, and you thought he was your real dad, and then all of a sudden, you find out he's not, and that's when you got stuck. Family loyalty made you turn away from the only father you've ever known. My mother's the one who got stuck. John black seduced her. He trickeder to get back at the bradys. He took her away from my father, and now it's been predicted that he that he's going to take her life. John black is going to kill m mother. No, he's not. Come on. Don't say that. Don't touch me. S I won't let john kill my mom. I'll kill him first. Roman, you can't just shoot. You must be absolutely clear that would ever hurt my husband. Do you understand? I do understand, doc. But you understand this I will not let anybody hurt you. I don't care who it is. What does it say? Is it from the killer? Belle said that she had some hot date with some guy, and then she just hung up on me. Bring her back to salem so she can be the serial killer's next victim. Is that a threat? I care about him. No. You love him. Yes, I do. Door number one I hope the killer's left 
Well what? That was a quick call. I guess chloe didn't have to think very hard about her answer. You seem awfully interested in chloe's career choices, even though they have nothing to do with you. Oh, but you're wrong. If chloe comes back to salem, I presume she'll be living here. Another new roommate in this hotbed house of love. Don't worry, nicole. You won't be sharing a house with chloe. She said no? No. Well, then what? Are you moving out, brady? No. But you are. (Cellular-phone-rings) (Ring) (Ring) (Ring) Hey. (Ring) Dude, chill. They'll call back or leave a message. No, it's belle. It's her ring. I mean, if she's calling this late fromurope oh, here it is it's got ta be important. Hello. Belle. Are you there? I I can barely hear poor belle. I wonder what could've happened. Dad. Sami, are you okay? Yeah. I'm fine. You know, dad, maybe tonight we should just be together as a family. You know, we should all be there for grandpa. Just family. Sami, kate is going to be family soon enough, as well as lucas. And I talked to your grandpa just a while back. He is fl-o-out tired because of all the wakes and the pre-funeral receptions. So there's not going to be a post-funeral gathering for grandma? That's not what he wants, all right? So I'm going to take kate out for a nice quiet dinner. What? I am sure that if you went over to the pub, aunt kim, aunt kayla, and grandpa would love to see you. You should be there, too, dad. I will. Later. And I'll call you tonight Da Mr. Milbauer Commander brady, before I leave, I just wanted to make sure that all the arrangements are satisfactory. Absolutely, mr. Milbauer. Thank you so much. You did a great job. Uh, let me settle with you. You got an invoice there? Mr. Milbauer Certainly. All right, thank you. Mr. Milbauer Here's my card for future reference. What? For another funeral, you mean? I guess you heard that my dad has had death threats against him. And my mom has, too, for that matter. Sami, that's quite enough. You should stay close. My family's a freaking business bonanza. Sami, knock it off. Do you happen to have a tape measure handy? You can go ahead and measure my parents for their coffins now while you're at it. Come on, let's go outside. Come sorry, everyone. I'm the one she's really mad at. Mr. Milbauer No apologies necessary. These are stressful times. You're damn right they are My grandmother was murdered. We just came from her funeral, and now there's someone threatening my father's life and my mother's life, and it could be a joint conspiracy. You think I'm mad at you, lucas? Sami, sami, sami. Come on. Mr. Milbauer Thank you. Come on. Mr. Milbauer This is, um, a list of all the funeral-related matters itemized right there. Okay, thank you very much, mr. Milbauer. Oh, oh, let me. What's wrong? What is it? It's my parents' funeral plots. I always knew they would end up together. It's just my luck that it won't happen until they're dead and this? Mr. Milbauer Well, this folder contains all the details of the brady family burial plot. We never changed those arrangements after the divorce, roman. Mr. Milbauer You really should take care of that as soon as possible. What, dying? Mom, dad, don't you see? It's no coincidence that a piece of paper fell out of a folder it's been stuck in for years. It's the universe telling you that the two of you belong together. You can't ignore it. And you, look at this. Remember, no matter what you do, my parents will be together forever. I didn't think that was quite the way you had it in mind. My parents are still married in the eyes of god. In the eyes of god, you still have a big mouth. When did the basic tenets of faith ever matter to you, sami? Dad, just you bringing the two main suspects down to the pub, anyway. Oh, what, are you forgetting about yourself? All right, enough Enough. We just buried my mother your grandmother, sami and she's not a pawn in one of your games. Now, I realize you're upset because I've been targeted by the killer, and I realize you're upset because sami won't let up on her crazy accusations. But this suspicion all around has to stop. Mr. Milbauer, I think you can take off now. Uh, sorry you had to hear this. Thank you again. Mr. Milbauer Well, okay, good luck to you. Now, listen to me. Why don't we all go out to dinner, break bread in memory of mom? Try to figure out a way to bury this hatchet once and for all. She'd like to bury it in your back. Sami go back to work, find the evidence that proves that she is targeting all these people. Sami, there is no evidence. Oh, yeah, there is, and someone will find it if they just looked. You know, I'm not just going to stand around and wait for my parents to die. I'm going to go do something about it. I will get you, kate. Belle, are are you there? I-I can hardly hear you. There's there's too much static. What? No, I'm just I'm at school. I just went for a swim. What did you just say? There there was too much static. What's wrong? Belle said that she had some hot date with some guy, and then she just hung up on me. seven are left, w Do you want me to move out, brady? No. No, nicole, know that's not going to happen while you're living here and married to my grandfather. You know why he wants to bring chloe back to salem, why he's had this sudden change of heart about her. It's because of us. Brady, he wants chloe to come between us. Nicole, there's no way that that chloe can come between us. Because there is no us. I don't even know whether or not chloe's even coming back. I haven't spoken to her yet. I left a message with her roommate. I'm sure you can talk her into anything. You usually do. I mean, you practically forced the girl to go to europe and join the opera company so she wouldn't wreck her career by becoming your happy homemaker. I did the right thing. Then what's changed? The music center your grandfather, the king of broken promises, claims he's going to build so that chloe mean, if you ask me, it sounds like he's watched " citizen kane " too many times. Look, you have no idea of what you're talking about. Brady, don't look so offended, all right? The second your grandfather mentioned he was going to put your dead mother's name on a building, you go all soft. He knows how to pull your strings, just like you know how to pull chloe'S. You know how he really feels about her, don't you? She's the lesser of two evils. He would rather have her in your life as long as I'm not in it. And once that's accomplished, it's bye-bye, music art center, bye-bye, chloe's career. I mean, is that is that what you want for her life? Brady, I know how much the truth means to you. So tell me, do you want chloe to come home because you love her so me? I don't understand. You and belle didn't have a fight, did you? No. She knows today's your grandmother's funeral. I mean, that's not belle to just call out of the blue and tell you she's seeing some other guy, especially not today. I don't know. I mean, maybe she's madder at me than I thought for pushing her to go to europe. Shawn, come on, man. She knows you did that for her own good. You wanted her to be safe. Yeah. Look, you had a tough day, man. You're letting all this other stuff get to you. So don't sit around here guessing. Call her back. Yeah, maybe I will. All right. Damn it. There's no answer.  (Thinking) Oh, belle, even from across the atlantic you're making him miserable. I'm telling misunderstanding, okay? The connection was bad, right? No, I know what I heard, okay? Okay. And I'm sorry. And, look, I'm also sorry I missed your grandmother's funeral, man. Our unit had P.T. Over here with the rotc platoon. I'm sorry. No, no, don't don't worry about me. I know your thoughts are with her. Yeah. You know what? It's weird you know, the funeral's over. I mean, I buried my grandmother today. You know, I came here, I thought I'd get a workout in and clear my head. And I was doing fine until belle has to call me Shawn, come on, man. The game's about to end. Let's get out of here. This place is going to get mobbed. Come on. Let's go.  Oh, no, you do away from me that easily. Lucas, listen, why don't, uh, why don't you come have dinner with us tonight? We'll celebrate your mom's being released from jail. Don't you two want to be alone? No. No, we want you to join us. I mean, I'm out on bail now, but who knows what's going to happen once the trial starts? You are going to be acquitted. That's what's going to happen. I was found standing over cassie's body with a bloody knife in my hand, lucas. Mom, that's circumstantial evidence, all right? What if they don't find the killer before the trial starts? But, of course, my main concern now is not really my freedom. It's marlena that she's not a target. Kate, I want us all to be safe. So do I. But I'm to you. Doc, I don't want to give any credence to this ridiculous premonition of celeste's, but. if it's possible that I could, by some stroke of fate, do something that would hurt you, how do I protect you from myself? John, no. Death is a fact of life. We can't change that. I'm not sure we should even try. Roman doesn't think so. Roman? Roman? When roman was confronted with a threat by the killer the real killer. I don't mean some supposed ghost he chose to stand and fight. Mm-hmm. When sami said that we should leave town together, he and I, he cho n not to run. Sami said what? Well, it's nothing. It wasn't anything important. No, no, for once she has a point. You should leave. You and roman both. Today. Now. Who? Bird brain, our eagle mascot. Man #2 He disappears right after the game. Yeah? The welcher. Bet me a burger I couldn't score 20 points tonight. Hey, bird brain, you owe me a burger.  (Thinking) Talk about a bird's-eye view. You want to know the truth, nicole? I'll tell you. The truth is, I am a red-blooded male who has a girlfriend that is out of the country. When did she stop being your ex-girlfriend? And I am cooped up in close quarters with a woman who is in a miserable marriage, and who comes on to me every time I turn around and sometimes when I don't. Well, you're free to leave if you don't like it. What, and you're not? You think I'm hanging around this miserable house because of you? Well, you obviously haven't been paying attention to what you cared. I-I nicole, I do care. I feel for you. I feel for what you've been through in the past, but romantically, no way. I don't feel a thing. Poor chloe. She survives leukemia. But by all means, bring her back to salem so she can be the serial killer's next victim. What's that, nicole? Is that a threat? You know, I sent belle out of salem for her own safety. Now why the hell wouldn't i do the same thing for you if you are the actual target of a threat? You and roman both my primary concern is just for your safety. I don't want to be away from you. I don't want to be away from you, either, but better a few days than forever, right? A few days. Okay, what happens then? The killer still is on the loose. A few I love because I'm scared. I can't do that. John, the safest place that I could ever be the safest place is right here in your arms. All right, what about roman? What about him? If it would keep him safe, would you do it? Would you go away? What is this? What's going on? Why all the que is this a test of some sort? Is that what's happening? No, no, doc I love you. You're my husband. You're It's not a test. It's I have taken so much from roman already. I will not be responsible for the loss of his life. He has to make up his own mind, john. He lives here. It's his home. Fine. Then I have a proposition for him. Roman, I hope you're going to allow john to continue, we all know he's not guilty. I just want you to be safe. Look, there is one thing I am absolutely sure of. I will be safe. Listen, roman, you know, you're playing this like a smart cop keeping me at arm's length till this killer's caught, but at least let me do what I can to help protect both you and marlena. I can I can work with tek. I can put together the best home security system money can't buy. John, listen to me. I am very glad you're back in the middle of this, but I don't need you messing around with my home security system, all right? I'm the police commander. I can take care of my own personal security. John's just trying to help. I know. I look, I'm sorry. I, um. I'm gon na take kate out to dinner waste any more time. We'll see you later. All right. Lucas, you coming? Yeah. You won't be coming back here, kate. Your life is over.  Pigs ain't pigs ain't one of nature's creatures.Ke my glasses off?  Yeah.Arch on saturday.  Oh  What? M mom's gon na be there.  Well  It's a good idea. It's all women.  I don't think so.  It's all women.  Yes, a lot of women. No, it kind of makes me nervou it sounds pretty awful. So let me g straight. She kissed both I wanted to understand.Humming Where's the smile. Come on, there it is ., Boy. I mean it tracks illusio forget it. Damn Ow what? Man is for me? Sha randy ko has been more of a it's not friend to me than any man it even works. See? R I mean, forget the fact, all right, that you set g Will. Of course they a - action.? A - always. B-b-c, closing. Shannon I know it's not randy ko.Ou  Uh, there was some was zmerng. Fire but I didn't fire him. Gavin.  Watch out, I've got a clear shot. I'm sorry that roman turned you down. No, that was my fault. If you remember, when I first arrived in salem, I took work in the security field. I just reminded him of all the circumstances that led to me taking his wife away from him. You didn't take his wife away. I fell in love with you before I had any idea who you really were. And I wasn't anything until I met you. I count that day as the day that I was born, and if I didn't have you in John. I would lose my in fact, I I did lose my mind when I lost you before. John, I wish I could promise you forever. Well, you said it best. We go through every day in our lives knowing that someday we're going to die. I can promise you one thing. The day that I die, I will be your wife. I saw you and roman hugging a little while ago. I know what he means to you. He's the father of two of your children. He was your husband, and he needed you to be there for him when kate couldn't be, and I respect that you were there for him as a friend. But now you know that his life in danger, so all those old feelings have been intensified. You remember exactly how it felt when you lost him before, and now you want more than anything to protect that man. I care about roman. You love him. Yes, I do. There you go, kate. All those death threats that uncle bo got on his pda are now in your hard drive, almost like they originated there. Perfect. Okay. Ah ha ha. Wait a second. Even better. Kate is so anal, she'd even edit a death threat. Roman brady. marlena evans black. There is no way I'm going to let my parents be victims. Is that light coming from my office? Oh, my god. Roman, there's someone in my office. Well, let's check it out. Sami What the hell are you doing in here? laesndenem, ea weom anyo No, of course it's not a threat. I mean, do you think I'm capable of murdering chloe, that I'm the serial killer? To be a serial killer, you have to have killed severapepeople. You have Then who would have a motive to kill chloe? She wasn't well liked by the masses, as I recall. But I don't know. I really don't care what happens to her. Look, nicole, I don't think you're a killer, okay? You just stepped over the line by saying that. And I wouldn't bring chloe back here if I thought she could get hurt. I love the way you talk about her, like youe the one that makes all her decisions. You're the one who told her to go, and you wouldn't let her come back. And now it takes an invitation from you to get her totetep foot back in her own hometown? You know what? She doesn't need an invitation from you, or your permission. Chloe can make her own choices, and you know what? I hope for her own sake that she says no before she throws her life away on mr. Chip-off- he owns the women he loves What's wrong? No, I just I got this feeling that someone's watching me. Well, it wasn't me. No, no, I'm not saying it was you. It was weird. I got that same feeling before when I was swimming in the pool. Actually, it started yesterday after grandma's wake. Remember, I was telling you, when I left the pub, I kept looking over my shoulder. Well, you know what they say. Just' cause you're paranoid doesn't mean someone isn't following you.  (Thinking) Come on, shawn, ruffle my feathers. You know what? We should probably get out of here ,' cause, uh, well, the gym's closing up. Let's just shower at home. All right. Hey, rain check on that burger, bird brain. I got to cram for a test tomorrow.  (Thinking) Just a little taste makes me crave so much more. Guess I'll have to make you take it off now. Sami, do I have to ask you again? I came here to work. Why else would I be here? I mean, what else do I have in my life? Oh, please. Your lack of a social life has never motivated you to lift a finger before. What the hell are you doing in my office? I saw that the lights were on, okay? I just came in here to turn them off. Really? What's with the gloves? It's december, dad. It's cold. I just got here. What is with the interrogation? I thought you two were going to dinner. We swung by here to pick up a file. After my night of unjust incarceration, I have a lot of work to do. But first things first, right, kate of a lot to eat in the last 24 hours. Gee, dad, I don't think that that's the appetite she's talking about satisfying. You know, these may be your last hours on this earth, and if you want to spend them boffing the woman who's going to kill you, then I don't think Sami, that's way more than enough. You know what? If anyone's going to kill your dad, it's you. You're going to give him a stroke. Shut up. Oh, right, like your mother the hooker isn't going to raise his blood pressure 100 times Sami, shut up I can take a hint. Oh You know what, sami? Someday somebody's going to teach you a lesson. (Thinking) Tonight, somebody else is going to learn a lesson a permanent one. Look, you two have had enough distractions for one evening, go home and pick up will. I'll be fine. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah. Thanks anyway. Have a good night, all right? Good night, sweetie. Give a kiss to will for me, okay? I will. Good night, lucas. It will be now that you're leaving. Oh. Bye-bye, kate. Excitement Well, brady wasn't on the phone very long, but I guess chloe didn't have to think very hard to make a decision, huh? Sure she didn't. She's never coming back. He never reached her, did he? No. He left her a message. But I know what it's like to be poor all your life and then have a taste of the finer things, and chloe is driven, too. She's never going to give up vienna, paris, milan for salem, usa, gateway to the serial killer 're wrong trying to play a sadistic cupid with them. You've only had one real love, and that was caroline brady, and loretta toscano or whoever the hell she was. And they went off and married other men, and why do you think that was? I'm sure you're going to tell me. Because you don't know what love is. And what you're doing for brady that isn't love, either. You're trying to run his life, and you're teaching him to run chloe'S. You speak with such moral authority, when you're the one that has the ulterior motives. You're the one standing in the path of love. You know what? I don't have to lift a finger. Fate is going to pay you back for that, nicole. (Telephone-rings) (Ring) Hello. Chloe. Look. I really want to apologize again for sami, and I am sorry that lucas decided not to have you for reaching out to lucas. You know, he had no one besides me when he was growing up, anand, well, I think that's the reason that he latched onto victor so easily. He was looking for a father figure. Where else do you go? I know. It's just that, well, my life with victor was so ugly compared to what I have now. I mean, despite the serial killing. From a multimillionaire to a blue-collar cop. Yes. But now that you know about my past, you understand that it wasn't the blue-collar part. No. It was the cop part. But now you goa a guy who wants to love you very much and also wants to protect you, except I did throw you in jail. Yes, you did, but we'll chalk that up to professional integrity, hmm? I like that. You did save me tonight. You don't know in my innocence. You know, we have we have come so close so many times to things working out, but then. there'd be another hurdle or another reason to doubt. I am never going to lie to you again, because I don't want to waste one minute of the time that we're meant to have together. Me neither. Katie, me neither. I do love roman, but I am in love with you. It's you. and my children. You're my heart. You're my life. You're the ones that I love. I love you. I love you, too, baby. I so wish that roman and sami could find the kind of happiness I have. Yeah, well, roman and kate they seem happy, don't they? Mm, well. I don't know. I guess time will tell. You don't think that they belong together? Is about that. I just know that kate and sami have a terrible history. Yeah, just like me. No. No, you have a wonderful history with sami. When you were tough on her, it was because you love her. You were always kind and wonderful and I want to go home with you, the man that I love. I want to do that now. Why don't you tell me how you really feel?  (Cellular-phone-rings) Oh. I'm not answering it. I'm not answering it. I'm not doing it. Just check your caller I.D ., And let's get out of here. (Ring) Oh. Oh, man. (Ring) Marlenait's a patient I've been worried about. Well. (Ring) You asked for it. This is all your fault. You got to excuse me, honey. Go for it, doctor. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. This this is jan. I really need to see you. It's an emergency. What's happened?  Well, I had a plan, and then I saw and it just I don't know, it just got all so mixed up, and then I need help. Are you feeling self-destructive?  Well, no, no, no. No, no. Nothing like that. I'd never hurt myself. Where are you right now?  Can we meet at your office? Sure. I can be there in 15 minutes.  Great, I-I'm on my way. I'll see you then. Thanks. Who was that? That was trouble.  Yeah, I'd be crazy to hurt myself. Hey, uh, thanks for hanging with me, man. The best to you and belle, okay? I still think it was the static, but it'll be okay. Well (Thinking) I know exactly what to do. This place is buzzing these days. What with two parties changing into one party, people changing parties, and people changing jobs. Kevin newman in ottawa to make sense of it. Canada gets a new cabinet. It's on global national. You are worried about the killer, aren't you? But that's a good thing, because that means you're human. I have got all the motivation in the world to keep myself out of trouble. Really? Well, I hope I fit in there somewhere. Well, if I say wedding plan, is that an answer to your question? Ha ha. Um. yes. All right, it might take a few months, now. I mean, to get things together. Well, not if we elope, but then again, we won't have time for an engagement, right? Yes, we would, but it would so much, and I'm looking forward to a lot of years of being happy with you. Mm. I am starved. You know what? Wait a minute. I just got an idea. I got an idea. We're going to go home. We got a job to do. What? It it'll be a surprise, okay? It'll be a surprise, and it will be a lot of fun. What about the food? We're going to work that food in. We're going to work that food in. Here, let's go. Come on. Let's go. Right now. Open that door. I'll get the lights right here. Ha ha ha ha. Doc, hold on. Why do you think your patient's in trouble? Well, I'm not I'm not sure if it's a genuine call for hp p or or something else running so high with this killer on the loose. Sometimes if a person is pushed too hard, especially young people without a solid foundation to build on, it's just plain frightening for them. Okay, so you're frightened for your young client. Should I be frightened for you? Me? N-no. No. No. I think these are the only doors that are unlocked. Looks like it's quitting time. Oh, shoot, you know what? I left something in my locker. I got to go back. You want me to wait for you? No, no, it's okay. I know you need to get to the base, so I'll see you. Just hurry up before they lock these doors, all right? See ya, man. Okay, for the 100th time, shawn, no one is there. (Door-opens) (Doorknob-rattles) Who's there? What are you doing here? This and it would be an incredible showcase for you. What do I think? Well, chloe, I-I just want you to be happy. Mm-hmm. Well, I-I told my grandfather I would call you and ask. Yes, this has to be your decision. I don't want anything to yes. You're saying yes? Oh, my god, chloe, you're coming home. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. At least this is good for something. If only they hadn't caught me in kate's office I wouldn't have to bother breaking into her hotel suite. I've got to stop talking to myself. I sound like a crazy person. Kate, you leave all your lights on? If I were a murderer making my list and checking it twice, where would I. well, at least they'll never sleep here again. Oh, yeah, okay. Behind door number one, I hope that the killer's the truth. What's the truth? You're jealous of kate and roman. What could be worse than my mother dying? That your mother would be killed by your dad. You weren't the killer's next target. Sami was. She's dead. No Looks like we're about to find out who you are. Oh, my god. 
You scared me to death. What's wrong with you, sneaking up on me like that?  I can't help it. These Dino feet don't make any noise. Anyway, what are you doing back up here? I thought you'd be long gone by now. Believe me, Jan, I would love to get the hell out of here before Marlena incriminates us for Victor's murder.  Well, there's nothing you can do to stop her. She's on that truth serum stuff, and she's going to say what she's going to say. Oh, yeah, you think I don't know that? And that damn Bo Brady has every entrance and exit guarded.  How about Mexico? Does he have that guarded ?' Cause that's where we should be heading. I can't leave the hospital. Hello? Have you been listening to me? Wait a minute. Give me your costume.  No way. Okay.  Hey What the hell are you doing? No. She couldn't have she couldn't have said that. No. Your mom was married to my Uncle Roman, had children with him, and just admitted to murdering him in cold blood. Mom, Mom, tell me why. Why did you kill Daddy? Why? There's got to be a reason for all this ,' cause the woman I love just can't be a cold-blooded killer. Come on, John. You just heard her confess to six murders without a hint of emotion or remorse. That's the drugs, damn it. Enough, Mr. Black. Be quiet. Step back Let me go, Lucas Answer me, Mom Tell me why. Why did you kill Daddy? Probably for the same reason she killed your grandmother and Maggie and Cassie. Your father figured out she was the kill and threatened to expose It's not true. Roman didn't know. Well, then why? Mom, for for God's sakes, just tell us I killed Roman because I loved him. What the hell is going on here? Poor thing. She she tripped and and fell, and can you help, please, Brady? You know, I-I was trying to help her up, but the costume's so bulky, I-I couldn't get her on her feet. Are you okay?  Super-duper. Thanks. Gosh-a-roonie, I better get down to that party in the children's ward. And remember. if we stick together we'll stay safe and free nighty-night now. Ha ha. Just ha. I've been looking everywhere for you. I, uh, I-I got some coffee and came back up here. So what's going on with Marlena? Oh, she's just going through all the murders how she did it. You know, what the victims said before they died. But not Victor. You killed Daddy because you loved him? That doesn't make sense. I'd fallen in love with your father again, and I wanted us to be together. Oh, that can't be true, Doc. That's true. Well, right before they administered the serum, you you told me that you loved me, you were doing this for the family ,' cause they all needed to know the truth. I lied. Roman was the man that I loved. Isn't it ironic that after pining away for me all those years, Roman moved on in the exact same moment that I wanted him back? But he'd fallen in love with you, Kate. Who would have thought he'd choose noveau riche trailer park trash over me? But he did. I couldn't have that. I tried to talk stopped me. So, when he chose to go through with it, I had no choice but to kill him. I don't believe this. I understand. Roman didn't believe it, either. My God. It can't be. This can't be happening. Roman begged me not to kill him right before he died, and I reminded him that I had begged him not to marry Kate. But he went ahead and did it. So I went ahead and did it, too. Gasps So. you see, Sami, if I couldn't have him, I couldn't let somebody else have him. That's why I had to kill Abe. He knew that I was doing everything in my power to keep Kate and Roman apart. Abe kept standing in my way. He said he was a friend of Roman's and of John's and wouldn't stand by and let them get hurt. He was going to tell have a choice. I couldn't let him do that. And what about Jack? Did he know about it, too? Well, Jack was working closely with Abe, so it's it's hard to say what Jack knew. But better safe than sorry. And then, as it turns out, Maggie had seen me kill Abe, and I knew, eventually, she would have some memory of that. Then she was talking to Caroline about it, and and then Cassie figured it out all by herself, and I don't know, it just it snowballed. It just got way out of hand. But it sure was fun while it lasted. You really are a monster. My Mom just wanted to get back together with my Dad. The monsters are the people who wouldn't let her. John and Kate drove my Mom to do this. Nicole, why do you think Marlena hasn't confessed to Victor's . They don't think Marlena did it. That's right, because that's the only murder Marlena has an airtight alibi for. She was with my Dad, Bo, Hope, Shawn, and Belle at the time that my grandfather was killed. And I was with you being let out of the handcuffs by the Locksmith. I couldn't have done it, either. Nicole, you know damn well the cops believe that you planned it, that you hired an accomplice to kill my grandfather. Do you think the police will try to get Marlena to corroborate that? Why, because she's on truth serum? Marlena can only corroborate what she knows. Does Marlena know something, Nicole? Sami, are you insane? You just heard her confess. Oh, you bitch. This is all yours and John's fault. Quiet Now, listen, I understand the emotion and the anger in this room today, but over your mouth. Here's what I'm going to do I'm going to give you 30 seconds to get this all out of your system in case you have something pertinent to say. But if you subject us to one more outburst, you're going to spend the night in jail. 30 seconds. Ready, set, go. My Mom just wanted to be happy with my Dad, and you two wouldn't let her. Kate, you rushed my Dad into marrying you. John, you talked Mom out of stopping it. You know, my Grandma was right. If Mom goes to death row, it'll be' cause you put her there. You two are monsters, and you both deserve to die Sami, Sami, wait a minute. Lucas Don't go. I'm sorry, Mom. I have to. Oh, God. Well, we finally have our motive. I'm sorry killed deliberately, consciously, and with premeditation. That's murder in the first degree. Am I right, your honor? Yes, and in this state, the penalty is death. (Saxophone) No, of course Marlena doesn't know anything, because there's nothing to know. Okay, if that's true, then why would Marlena try to implicate you in Victor's death? Because she hated me ever since I got involved with her son Eric. She would like nothing more than to see me go down for Victor's death, even though I am innocent. Nicole, Marlena is not going to lie under truth serum. All I know is that Bo Brady won't stop until he nails me for his father's death. All he has to do is mention my name and put it in her head that she should blame me for it. Do you really think Marlena would deliberately make you suffer by framing you for my grandfather's . I don't think my going to death row would bother her. You know, I can't bear being there when Marlena frames me. Could you please find out what's going on? I really think you should come with me. Well, I can't. I want to stay up here breathing fresh air while I still have the chance. All right, fine. I will go check it out for myself. Thank you.  For someone who thinks she's so smart, you sure played that dumb with Brady. I am terrified, and if you weren't such an idiot, you would be terrified, too. If Marlena names us, we will be right beside her. That is three slabs and three lethal injection tubes.  Calm down, Nicole. Here's a simple, obvious solution to our little problem. Oh, really? What?  Well, before she can rat us out to the cops, whoa, whoa, Sami, Sami, are you okay? What's going on? No, not now. Let me go You don't care about me. And it's your father's fault that my Mother is going to die. Sami Whoa, Luc what what the hell's going on here? What happened with Marlena? All hell just broke loose up there, man. Marlena confessed to to Roman's murder. What? She said she killed him because he was in love with my Mom or something. She was still in love with Roman. Yeah, yeah, I guess so. Aw, Dad. My Father must be devastated. He is. He really is. So there really is no question whatsoever that Marlena knew exactly what she was doing. Oh, no, man. She knew what she was doing. She did everything in cold blood. She killed everybody it. And Sami blames my Father. Yeah. She blames my Mom, too. You should have heard her in there. So that's why she's so hysterical right now? Yeah. Yeah, she's in denial. I got to make her understand it, man. I got to get her to accept the truth. Sighs Sighs God, please, strike down John and Kate. Make them pay. Make them pay for trying to send my Mother to death row. Come on, Sami. You didn't mean that. Like hell I don't Izzy, if this is too much for you, you can go home, baby, okay? No, Dad, no. I want to stay. There has to be more to this story than Mom's telling us. There has to be another reason. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, honey, but she told us exactly should finish this later. No. I want to get this over with now. So do I. We're not stopping till we've covered all the victims. Fine with me. I have no desire to come back and do this again. Julie.  Uncle Mickey went home, and Jennifer's with Lexie. How's Jen feeling?  Much better. Her blood pressure's gone down. I-I think it must have been just the stress from hear from hearing the details of Jack's death. Is Lexie going to release her?  Mm-hmm. Is she sure the baby's okay?  Yeah, yeah. I-I wouldn't have left her otherwise. The only reason I came back was I want to know what happened the night Doug died. Doug? Doug was in the wrong place at the wrong time. He saw me at the hospital coming out of Tony's cubicle.  He didn't want to . And when he confronted me, I almost had him talked out of it. But Doug refused to be convinced. Poor Doug. His death really was the most slow and painful.  Aah Aah Aah Aah Aah, aah, aah, aah. Ugh  Oh. Daddy, it's Hope I'm here, Daddy I'm here. This is Commander Brady. I'm at St. Luke's Cemetery. I need EMS support immediately. Who did this to you?  It's right over .. Daddy, I'm right here. I'm right here, Daddy. Julie's here, too. We love you so much. Please, please, Daddy, stay with us. Stay with us. We're getting help for you. Daddy. No, Daddy Please, Daddy  You murdering bitch. You deserve to die Julie, Julie. Julie, no totally bonkers. Marlena is handcuffed to her hospital bed, surrounded by John, Bo, Hope, Shawn, Belle, a judge, a cop by the door, and most of the families of the victims. There is no way you'll be able to get to her.  What else am I going to do? If Shawn finds out from Marlena that I killed his Grandpa Victor, he could get upset with me. Yeah, you think?  Yes, I do. I mean, even though I did it for Shawn he might not understand. So the only solution is to make sure Marlena never tells anyone she saw the two of us together, and the only way to ensure that is to kill her. How?  I know exactly how I'm going to do it, and you'll never guess who I got the idea from. Who?  Marlena. (All-yelling) Right now  She tried to kill half my family .  No No, I'm not leaving until I find out what she did to my grandmother. You can't handle it. Come on, Julie, please.  I can handle it. I can handle it. Dr. Evans, do you want to press charges against Julie Williams?  Press charges against me for what? Julie. You attacked Dr. Evans.  Oh, pardon me Is this the American justice system today? I just listened to her tell me how pleasurable it was to watch my husband die in agony. Oh, Julie, I'm not upset with you. My goodness, I I might have done the same thing in your position. If I felt somebody were standing in the way of my happiness. I don't know, I would have ha ha ha ha. Excuse me. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I did do that ha ha ha. That's oh, that's why we're here. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, my God. I really think she's going insane, Shawn. No, no, she's going to try and act like it right now. It's too late. I'm so sorry. I don't know how much more of this we can take. I can't take any more of this. I'm going to get out of here for a while. I'm going to take care of my Mom. Go. Okay, Marlena. Hmm? Let's move on to the next victim Alice Horton. Oh. Alice, of course, Alice. You know what? Before we do, I just I'd like to just take a second, if you don't mind, I'd Belle. honey. I just I-I just wanted to thank Doug was killed. Honey, I know you did that out of love for me, and it it actually gave me a little more time than I would have had without an alibi. Yeah. Yeah, enough time to go and kill my great-grandmother. Oh, Shawn. Come on. That's not right. I'm not responsible for your grandmother's death. Doug is. Sami, you can't keep blaming my Mom and John for this. You can't. John and Kate conspired to keep my Mom and Dad apart. They wanted to destroy my family, and now they've succeeded. And I'm still convinced that John is the killer. He just came up with some way to get my Mom to confess. No, Sami, that's not what's happening. You're grasping at straws here. I know you said that you would never believe that Marlena could kill your dad because she loved him, but that's She killed him because she didn't want my Mom and Roman together. I'm sorry. You you can blame my Mom all you want, but she's not the one who stuck a knife in him, okay? Sami, you have to accept the truth. And, Lucas, you need to accept the truth about Sami. Mom, please. That she's insane, that she refuses to acknowledge the reality that her mother is a killer. Please. Sami, you heard her confess She killed all of those people, including my husband Including your father And she deserves to die Get off me Get off me Sami Sami, stop Hey. I heard. I know it's bad. No, Brady, this is horrible. Not only did Mom just admit to killing all those people, but she said it's pretty much my fault for Alice Horton's death because I gave have meant that. She did. You wouldn't believe it. She's not herself. There's no feeling or emotion. Brady, it's like she's dead inside. What do you mean my Father's responsible for Gran's death? Well, in fact, I think maybe Julie is as responsible as Doug was. The reason that I had to kill Doug was because Julie came to me and it was a stroke of my good luck told me that Doug knew who the killer was.  She's right. I'm responsible for my husband's death. Julie, don't, don't. You thought Marlena was a friend. You never could've known. True. But then. in a second stroke of good luck, Julie spoke again, and she told me that she and Doug had this. pact that they would leave a message for the other person if they were ever confronted by the killer, and Doug he were pawing the ground, you know, like a wounded rabbit or something, trying to dig a hole and hide. But. he was actually just leaving a note. Oh, my goodness. my name for all the world to see. Damn you, Doug Stellar police work, as always, meant that Doug's note was overlooked at the cemetery. So knowing what I was looking for, I got rid of Julie and went back to retrieve the note. Unfortunately, I was just a smidge late. Guess who was there first. Oh, my God. Gran found the note. She kept saying she felt like grandpa wanted her to go to the graveyard. How did you know Mrs. H. got there first? Well, when I couldn't find the note, I went to John's computer, I hacked into the police mainframe, and I found that handy-dandy surveillance tape, the one you were trying to catch me on, remember saw on it, I mean, besides mine? That's why you killed Gran. Yeah. I had to get the note. It could incriminate me. So. that's why I had to kill Alice. Oh, my, my, my. what have we here? Oh, Alice, you said Tom would never let me have this.  Marlena, you're ill. You need help. I need. help? Did you say " help "? You mean like professional help, like a psychiatrist not unlike myself.  Please, Marlena I am sane, Alice. Do you think I don't know what I'm doing? Do you think I want to kill you? Do you think I wanted to kill any of those people? I had no choice. And you've also left me no choice. I have to kill you. And, um, this would be a pretty good time to die.  going to take her downstairs and get a cab. Come on. Okay. I think we could all use a short break. Hi, Brady. I'm glad this will serve as a confession, and we can avoid a trial. In all my years on the bench, I have never encountered a killer so heartless, ruthless, or remorseless. Oh. honey, I know how hard this is for you. I know how much you're hoping to find some. explanation for everything. There has to be. This just. isn't you. You're wrong. This is me. I mean, this is the real me. This is this is the me with no pretense and no * This is the woman you've been in love with all these years. So. do you still love me? Hang on a second. Excuse me. I'm sorry, um, have you seen the girl that if she's still there or. No, I, uh, ahem, I haven't seen her. Wait, hang on a second. That's not the voice that I heard before. Sami, stop That's enough No Why don't you look at the love of your life right now? Just look at her She has plenty of potential as a killer, just like her demented mother I will kill you, you bitch You destroyed my family I have nothing left to live for Oh, really? That's a really good point. You don't have anything to live for, so why don't you just kill yourself, Sami? That's not true She's got Will Stop it, Mom Philip, get her out of here Lucas No You have to come with me. No, I mean it. Philip, take care have to be here for Sami. Enough Let's go. Let's go Sami. I wish I knew what I could do for you. Just leave me alone. Nicole, what the hell are you doing in this costume? Did you mug the owner or something? I was, uh. You were just trying to sneak out, weren't you? You know what, Brady? You're absolutely right. I paid that chick 50 bucks for this thing. A waste of money. So. has Marlena talked about. Victor's murder yet? Not that I know of, but she's confessed to all the others. Do you want to go in? No. No, I'll wait out here, thanks. Of course I still love you. And I still can't believe that you're capable of this or what you said about Roman. It's true. I loved Roman the killer. And there's no more explanation than what I've already told you. Okay, break's over. Okay, Marlena, let's talk about Tony DiMera. My finest moment. That was quite a challenge. I mean, I had to be at the circus with everybody else, and then I had to be away unseen so I could set the trap. I thought Tony being mauled to death would be a fitting climax for the Horton Foundation Fundraiser. The timing was critical, but it worked out perfectly. if I do say so myself. People screaming I have to find Mom Stay there But somehow, he survived. I had to go to plan " B. " Ready for your medicine? Of course, this. isn't going to be half as much fun as watching Horton the tiger take you apart. Ha ha ha ha. I'm sorry. It will be lethal. Yeah. You to put you in your I.V. will slowly but surely paralyze your body, and it's going to be. excruciatingly painful. Coughs and wheezes You see, this drug, Tony, is going to collapse your lungs and stop your heart, but. you'll have enough blood and oxygen in your brain so you know every second that you are in the process of dying. Pretty creative, huh? Ha ha ha ha. Well, Tony. this Phoenix has risen before. But it's never, ever going to rise again. And then there were none.  Southern accent Dr. Carver sent me to check Dr. Evans's vitals and give her some more truth serum. How do you possibly think you're going to kill Marlena?  I'm going to disguise myself and inject a great big air bubble into good old Doc's veins. When it gets to the heart. kablooey. Come on, Sami, let me just no one can help me now. Please, please just go. And, um, please leave me alone. Sobbing Nurse, is this really necessary? We're almost finished here, anyway. Yeah, there's no need for that. I don't want her over-medicated. Excuse me. You look awfully familiar.  Southern accent Yeah, well, we nurses who wear masks all look alike. It's up to you and the judge, sir. You can just let me know if you change your mind. What was up with that nurse? Do you know her? No. But I wanted to get her attention. I wanted to find out about that drug that makes you tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, whether you want to or not. You should try that sometime. You have everything you need, your honor? More than enough. I'll have for her signature. Well, it's done. We finally caught the killer. Belle. Is it over? Yeah. It's over. My mom has confessed to everything, and she's probably going to die. Shawn won't even look at me. Nothing in my life is going to be the same ever again. Philip, I swear. Shawn, honey. Go to her. Well, there's no doubt, is there? Marlena's the killer. Can't deny it, make excuses anymore. No, I suppose we can't. Well, I want you to know I'm leaving town after all, just like I planned. Mom, I have to get away. Shawn, please, let's talk about this later, please. All right? Oh, Mom, there's nothing to talk about ,' cause I'm leaving. Philip. Shawn's leaving because of my forgive me for his grandmother's death. Well, maybe you're better off without him. I can't believe Marlena murdered all those people because she was still in love with Roman. I know. It's so hard to comprehend. I was betrayed by my best friend. Yeah, well, I was betrayed by my wife. Damn me, anyway. I should've seen the signs. How could I be so blind? No, no, don't do that to yourself. Because we are both victims of Marlena's evil, just like the others. No, there's one difference. We're still walking around. We're just dead inside. Mom? It's okay. Your mom needs you. Go. Your honor, um, there's a question I need to ask Marlena. Actually, I got to ask her. All right. Go ahead. Marlena. what about Victor him, too? I am sick and tired of feeling sorry for you. Maybe it'll be best if you died in the death chamber. Please, can we talk? Belle, we have talked. I just need to go inside and pack my stuff, because I am leaving tonight. If this continues, she could go into cardiac arrest. Bo, we should stop. If getting the name of my Father's killer means she dies right here, I don't really give a damn 
I still can't get over it Dr. Evans, Belle's mother, confessing to all those murders under the truth serum.  I can't believe I thought that monster was my mother.  She did give birth to you and cassie. I know she really loved you. I mean -  Look, she killed my sister. She murdered my adoptive father, my biological father, along with seven other innocent people not to mention my grandmother Caroline.  I know. You've lost so much.  A lot of people have. I mean, all the families and lives that will never be the same.  Look at what it's done to Belle and Shawn. I'm not even sure anymore that their relationship can survive this. And Belle's sister your sister  Wait, sami's my half-sister. What about her?  You know how she is. I mean, she's been in total denial about her mom being the killer. Can you imagine what she'll do when I made you some soup and your favourite tea. You should really try to eat something. Mom? Mom. It's late, will. You should be in bed. Will. What's the matter? Dad, you have to come quick. Why, what is it? What happened? It's mom. I'm really worried. You have to help her. Shawn. No. Shawn, don't do this. You both need each other right now. Go to her and work things out. We have been through this. With everything that has happened, especially now the only reason that I'm hanging out is to hear what happened to grandpa Victor. After that, I am out. I am leaving town, and I don't know when I'm going to come back. Honey, come on, let's go back inside, Shawn. Hey, Nicole. Gasps . In fact, you look like you're about ready to jump out of your skin. No, I am not tense, all right? I'm just a little anxious to find out if the good Dr. Evans is responsible for murdering my husband, as well as all the others. I don't think so, and as we discussed, the police don't, either. After that confession, are you kidding? Who else could've possibly Who else do you think? Well, if they're so sure it's me, then why are they asking your psycho stepmother about it? Because she's still under the sodium pentathol. She can't help but tell the truth about anything she may know about my grandfather's death. Marlena, naptime's over. Still waiting on your answer. Did you murder Victor kiriakis? Was he one of your victims? You have to hurry. Whoa, slow down, it? Is your mom okay? Is she hurt or something? No, it's t that. She's just really upset about grandma marlena. You have to help her. Will, I tried to help her, all right? I tried to help her earlier tonight at the hospital. She really didn't want me to. I think it's best if if we leave your mom alone for a while you know, if we both kind of give her some space so just come in here with me, and we'll make some popcorn and watch a movie. No, dad, we can't just leave her alone. I'm really worried about her. I've never seen her like this before. Like what? What are you talking about? Like, usually usually, when she's upset or mad, she yells, she screams, and she throws stuff. But now she's just sitting there, staring into space, okay? It's going to be all right. I'll see what I can do. You just go inside here. You can get through to her, dad. Buddy, I don't know what your mom needs right now. All I know is, eventually she seems to pull herself through things. Maybe that'll happen now. You just relax and go inside, and I'll be there soon. You wait for me, okay? Okay. All right. Good luck. Yeah, thanks. Sami? Sami. Are you okay? Will just came to my apartment. He's, uh, he's really worried about you. Will would be better off without me. Everyone would be better off without me. Why don't you answer my question, marlena? You admitted to all the serial killings without a problem. Are you responsible for Victor's death? I don't know. I do That's because we know she didn't kill Victor. She was with me at Tuscany the night he died. Hell, you were there, hope was there Shawn, Belle, we were all there. I'm aware of that, John. I'm the one asking questions here. Don't you have enough on her already, Bo? Mr. Black, please, I want to hear the answer to this question. Dr. Evans, can you tell us, did you or did you not murder Victor kiriakis? No, I didn't. All right, you got your confirmation. She didn't kill Vic. Mm-hmm. And I bet I know who the guilty party is. Try Nicole. She's been our number one suspect from the beginning. That's a fact. Vic said if anything happened to him, look no further than his wife. But I need more than that to bring her in said you didn't kill Victor. But do you know anything at all about his death? Can you tell me anything about it? Bo, man, how would she know that? Yes. Yes, I think I can. Marlena, can you tell me who killed my father?  Well, what exactly do you think sami's going to do? I know she's always been kind of a head case, but  You have no idea what she's capable of when she's pushed over the edge. Believe me, it isn't pretty.  You're right. I mean, I don't know her that well. We've always been pretty much at odds, but I want to change that.  What?  Yeah, I-I know our father would've liked us to have been close or at least part of each other's lives. That's the one thing that Sami and I have in common. We both lost do to help her get through this.  It's really sweet of you to want to be there for her, but I have to warn you I'm sorry, but everyone who gets close to sami Brady ends up getting hurt. And now that she's in panic mode, God knows what she'll do. Why would you say that? Why would you say we're better off without you? It's true. Don't talk like that. Don't do it, Sami. You're just you're in a lot of pain. This is one of the worst nights of your life. I just want to help you, okay? My mom is a serial killer, Lucas. She murdered all of those people my grandma, my daddy. It's no wonder I am the way I am. What are you doing with this stuff, huh? It's crap. It belongs in the garbage. That a heartless monster who deserves to die. You know what? Maybe you're right. Yeah. Maybe it would be best if you died in the death chamber. No. No, I can't say for a fact that I know who killed Victor, but But you have your suspicions. Is that what you're saying? You know who might have killed him. I don't I don't know, but there is something there. There's something Think, marlena. Think. I'm sorry to interrupt, but I need to check her vitals. Lexie, come can't this wait? No. The desk nurse has been watching the monitor, and she has informed me that marlena's heart rate and blood pressure are becoming very elevated. Bo, we should stop. Let Lexie check marlena, make sure she's all right. She's already signed her own death warrant nine times killer means she dies right here, I really don't give a damn (Beeping) What's happening? She's becoming very agitated. Look, if this continues, she could go into cardiac arrest. (Beeping) What the hell's going on here? Lexie? What's happening? What's wrong with the monitor? She's become very agitated. I'm afraid if this continues, she could go into cardiac arrest. Stop, Bo. Commander, that outburst was inappropriate, not to mention unprofessional. Don't let it happen again. Your honour, you can't stop this, not now. Not when I'm so close to getting the truth about my father. And you really think that Dr. Evans knows the truth about his murder? Yeah, she just admitted she did. Now is the time to question her when she's under the influence of the sodium pentathol. You know, your little sister 's bad enough when your mother confesses to being the serial killer, but to have the love of your life dump you at the same time it's not a good day. You know, maybe you should check on her and see if she's all right. If you're even thinking about sneaking out of here Oh, will you give me a break, Brady? Not everything I do or say has an ulterior motive. And besides, you know, big, bad Bo Brady has cops at every exit with strict orders to keep me prisoner here. So relax, okay? Brady. I can't believe this is happening. I can not believe mom confessed to killing all those people. She's going to be sentenced to death. She's going to die.  Look, I'm sorry. I tried to shut her up. Yeah, that was brilliant. Dressing up like a nurse, injecting an air bubble into her I.V Oh, yeah. No one would notice.  I would have gotten away with it, but Shawn was there. Can I help it if the connection we share is so powerful he couldn't even keep his eyes off me? I had no choice but to abort the attack. Fine. Whatever. The point is, if marlena tells Bo she saw us together, we're toast.  Correction. You're toast. I'm getting the hell out of here undercover. This is just wonderful. You do the whacking, and I'm the one left holding the bag?  Oh, don't even act like a victim, Nicole. You blackmailed me into killing your husband by threatening to rat me out to Shawn. That wasn't very nice. Anyway, as far as getting busted for murder, why don't you look on the bright side? At least you'll know someone on death row. Dr. Death will be right there beside had the chance.  See ya. Wouldn't want to be ya. Mom, I'm gon na take off, okay? And don't try and talk me out of it, please. Dad understands why I have to go. Shawn, please, honey. Do you even know where you're going? No. No, that's kind of the point. I'm just gon na hit the open road. There's a ton of places I want to see, lots of things that I want to do. I'll call you. Shawn I'll call you. I promise, mom. I love you. I love you. I love you. Shawn sh Brady, did you see that? He just left without saying anything to me. Do you know how much he must hate me right now? Belle, I'm sure he doesn't hate you. No, I ca confession. I need to get out of here. Do you want me to take you home? No, no. You're sure? Look, I'll talk to you later. I just I got to go. Looking a little nervous there, Nicole. Lucas, do you really mean that? Do you really wish that I had died in the death chamber when you and Kate framed me for Franco's murder? I don't know, Sami. You want the truth ?' Cause I only saved your life because of will. That's it. That's pretty harsh, huh? Kicking you while you're down like this. But those are the breaks. Maybe you can use it as a wake-up call .' Cause I am sick and tired of feeling sorry for you. I've had it. You know what? Maybe you're right. Maybe you're right. Maybe our son doesn't need to grow, with your lies and your hate and your manipulations. I mean, do you realize what you're doing to that kid, filling his head with false hopes of a full-time family? First Austin, and then Brandon? What, are you into getting his hopes up? Is that it? I can't even think of a horrific thing more than you screwing with his head, trying to lie to him, telling him that his parents are going to get together. Don't give him that crap You don't want to be with me My mom was right You're leading me on Or what are you, trying to get back at my mother by making my life miserable, just like you did to Austin? You know, I truly thought that Nicole was the worst I can do. I thought that was it. No. You got that ho beat in spades. You are without a doubt the most heartless, selfish bitch I have ever known in deserve to be happy. You don't. Because you spread misery to everybody around you, Sami. Especially those who are unfortunate enough to love you, like me and will. But you know what? I fought it. I fought it when my mom first suggested it, but no more. No, she was right. Right about what? She was right. She was totally right that I should sue you for sole custody of will. That's exactly what I'm going to do. Sorry. That's it. I've had it. No more. I don't want my son to be around you. I don't want him to be influenced by you and your manipulative ways and your demented mother. Forget it. Like hell you will Shawn, wait. Shawn, please, can we talk? Belle, we have talked. I know, but Listen, I just need to go inside and . Goodbye. Wait  What do you mean, you're leaving tonight?  Wasn't that a little harsh? Listen, I just want to pack my stuff and get the hell out of here, okay?  You mean away from Belle because you still blame her for your great-grandmother's death. Come on, Shawn You know she didn't believe her mom was the killer, not for one second. That's the only reason she gave her an alibi for your grandfather's murder. Yes, I know that. I told you that. I also told you I'm not in the frame of mind to talk about this right now, so please just drop it.  We have to do something. You have to talk to him while I go talk to Belle.  Mimi, what do you want me to say? It sounds like Shawn's already made up his mind.  You're smart. You'll think of something. late. Meems. my family is falling apart, and I feel like I've lost Shawn forever. How's she doing? Is she all right? She's stable for now, but I'm going to stop the I.V. Drip. It appears the sodium pentathol is having an effect on her blood pressure and heart rate. Any more, and we could be getting into a dangerous area. I'll still have some questions for her. I don't think he heard you. Keeping her drugged up is dangerous. I'm not keeping her drugged up. I'm asking her some questions while these drugs are still in her system. Brady, bring her in here. What does he want? Let's go find out. Commander Brady, you wanted to see me? Yes, I do, Nicole. Well, good. I'm glad. I'm happy to be here to prove just how wrong you husband's death. Yeah, right. Save it. Bo, you know damn well that we were being let out of those handcuffs at the time of Victor's death. It sounds to me like you're defending her. Is she really that good in bed? Commander Brady You're out of line, Bo. You know what? You're dead wrong. I don't have a relationship with Nicole, or have I ever had a relationship with Nicole. And whether you like it or not, she has an alibi, so like everybody else, she is innocent until proven guilty. I know all about this so-called alibi, and it sounds to me like you're defending her. If Nicole is guilty, I will be the first one to want to see her fry. Now, I understand that Victor was your father, but you know what? He was also my grandfather, and I loved him very, very much, knew him better than you. Doesn't mean I don't care about him. I know you care about him, and I know you want to you want to find his killer and punish that person. Damn right I do. And I'm convinced marlena has information information that will prove your little friend there was the mastermind behind your grandfather's demise. That is a lie. You have no proof of that or anything else. That's why I want to continue questioning marlena, so I will. I think the doctor here will tell you that's not safe. John, I'm sorry, but her vitals are back in the normal range. As long as we don't give her any more of the drug, there's no reason why he shouldn't proceed. For crying out loud. You got to be kidding me. John, look, I will be right here monitoring her very closely. There's wears off. Your honour, you heard the doctor. I have a few questions. That's all. All right I'll allow it. That's ridic you're all insane. I will not have your interference, Mr. Black. If you can't keep quiet, you will go outside. Understand? Yeah, whatever, yeah. And as for you, commander, if you badger or attempt to lead Dr. Evans' testimony in any way, I'll stop the interview immediately. Do you understand? Yes, your honour. Marlena, listen very carefully. This is very important. Do you know if this woman Nicole walker had any information about Victor's death? No, I don't. Marlena, I need you to concentrate. It's my theory that Nicole used an accomplice to murder my father. Do you have any information to prove or disprove this theory?  Dr. Evans. What are building, Jan. What are you doing here? And what are you doing with her? Ah. yes. I believe there was an accomplice to Victor's murder. I knew it.  Our little love nest is almost ready, Shawn. Just a few more finishing touches.  So. where are you headed? How long do you think you'll be gone for? Don't know on both counts. And if Mimi told you to try and talk me out of it, please don't waste your breath.  Yeah, you know, that's what I told her. I figured you already made up your mind. Yeah, I have.  Honestly, man, between you and me, I understand. I get why you'd want to get the hell out of this crazy town, run away. I-I wouldn't blame you if you never wanted to come back. Okay, first of all, I'm not, I figured you'd be able to come up with something better than reverse psychology.  Ha ha. Yeah, you're right. That was pretty bad. I just I know how much Belle's going to miss you, especially now, with everything going on with her mom. Rex, don't try and guilt me into this, okay? Because I already feel bad enough as it is. This is something I have to do. So if you don't mind.  Yeah. Yeah, right, you know? You're right. It's none of my business or Mimi's. I'll just stay out of it. Thanks.  Sure. All right, well, I think I left some cds on the roof. I'm just going to grab those, and then I'm outta here.  The roof, huh? Sighs  Belle, maybe it's not too late. Maybe Mimi, it and there is not a thing I can say or do to stop him. He hates me. He is never going to forgive me for lying about my mom.  But you never thought your mom was guilty. Why can't he get that through his head? But she is guilty. She confessed to everything, and if I hadn't lied.  Don't even go there. I can't help it, Mimi. I finally know it's true.  I can't believe Shawn is doing this. I mean, here this horrible thing is happening to your family, too, and all he can think about is himself and his problems, and instead of staying here and trying to deal with them, what does he do? The typical guy thing he takes off. But you wait. He'll see. You can't run from your troubles. I know that better than anyone. No matter how fast or far you go, they're, because what's bothering Shawn won't leave Salem. I am what he's running away from.  Rex, rex, did you talk to Shawn? Did you get anywhere? What what happened?  He totally shut me down.  Sighs Hmm, told you.  But what I came to tell you is he just went up to the roof to grab some cds for the road.  You have to get up there. What for, Mimi? There is no point.  You don't know that until you try. Sighs  Just go, just go. Come on. Are you sure?  Yes, I'm absolutely sure. Get up there, talk to him. This could be your last chance. Oh, please, Shawn, don't be an idiot. If he lets Belle go now, he may never get her back.  Do you really think she can change his mind?  I know Shawn . They were meant to be together no matter what, and I'm sure if he just stops and looks in her eyes, he will realize that. He will realize what he's throwing away, and there's no way he'll be able to go. There's no way that you are taking will away from me. Over my dead body will you get custody. That's a pretty drastic change of heart there, Sami. You just said will would be better off without you, right? You don't want that kid, do you? Or maybe it's just you don't want to lose him to me, even though you know he'd be better off. What, with you? Oh, yeah, with me. You don't love him. You never have. The only person you're capable of loving is yourself. Don't you dare tell me that I don't love my son. I love will more to me than life itself, and I will not let you take him away from me. Do you hear me? I will kill you first, Lucas. I will. You hear me? Welcome back. We've missed you. What? What are you talking about? Why don't you wipe that smirk off your face, Lucas, before I do it for you? Gasps Oh. Ha. Oh, I see what you're doing. What? What, what, what am I doing? You said all those things to me just to provoke me, didn't you? You were mean and awful just to get a rise out of me? I had to do something to snap you out of it. You were beginning to worry us there. Lucas, I can't believe you'd do Mom, dad, I heard yelling. Is everything all right?  Grapes Shawn's favourite. Oh, set. Ah, one last thing and we're all set at least for a day or two. Ah, there. Now all I need is you. I'll give him just a little more time. and then I put my plan into action. I heard you tell your mom you were planning on leaving town tonight. Yeah. Yeah. There's too bad there's too many bad memories here. I just have to get away. Am I one of those bad memories that you need to get away from? No, of course not. All my memories of you they're the best. Except for that one lie, right? Shawn. if I could only undo that one horrible mistake, maybe your great-grandmother would be alive, but my mom - No, just don't. Don't don't do this to yourself, okay? Please ,' cause. that's not what this is about. . Okay? Just to sort this all out. Look at them, Shawn. All of these couples that lived here before us. They all faced challenges and had horrible things that they had to go through, but their love still survived. Steve Johnson patch. Jack Deveraux. Brady's mom Isabella. Except for my mom and dad, one person out of every single one of those couples is dead. Are you saying that I'm dead to you, that you don't love me anymore? Um, will, I'm fine. Everything is fine. Yeah. But I heard you yelling at dad, and before. it was like you weren't even there, like you had left and was never coming back. Oh, will, well. I was kind of gone, but your dad brought me back in a way that only he could. You're really okay? Yeah. I'll be okay. Ha ha ha. I love you so much, sweetie. I don't know what I would do without you.  Mimi, you're making me nervous.  Belle and Shawn have been up on the roof for a while now. They must really be talking. That's good. right?  Could be.  But you're not sure.  I wish I were. Who knows what could be going on up there? I mean, they could be getting back together or breaking up for good.  Rex. we can not let this happen between us. Please promise me, promise me that nothing will ever come between us.  I promise. Nothing ever will. How could you say that? Of course you're not dead to me, okay? I love you with everything that I am. That will never change. I just I know. You need to get away. Shawn, I'm trying so hard to you leave, I might lose you forever.  Soon, my love. Soon these soft, sweet kisses will be all over your hard, hot body. Nicole hasn't called yet. I guess Dr. Evans kept her mouth shut. I knew Nicole was just being paranoid, getting all worked up over nothing. Tell me, marlena, who was the accomplice? Who murdered my father? I remember. You remember what? Seeing them. Are you telling me you saw the person who murdered my father? Is that what you're saying? Come on, marlena, answer me. Yes. I know who it was. ===================== " Next on Days Of Our Lives " Shawn's leaving Salem well, the way I see it, Shawn's fooling himself. I think this is the perfect opportunity for you to make a move. Jennifer and I are not destined to be a couple. Why not Oh, no  What? The bonds they're gone. What do you want me to do? Kill marlena tonight. 
Because of you, half my family is dead. Belle, why did you have to lie to me?  Shawn, honey, you really should stop thinking about her. She only gets you upset, and quite frankly, she is not worth your time. I know.  Now, let me get rid of this. No, no, no. Let me do it. From now on, I never wan na see or hear the name Belle Black ever again. Okay? Now it's just you and me.  Oh, Shawn. Ahem. What's the meaning of this?  I've already made an appointment at the women's clinic for this afternoon. Oh, my God, Mimi, no. I will not let you do this.  You can't stop me. Somebody has to. Don't you see what you're doing? Before you even tell him you're pregnant, you are killing Rex's child.  Rex. How could are you talking about, Mimi? It's like we've been trudging through here for hours. Are you sure this is the right island?  Yeah, according to the map and the FAA, your dad's plane went down right here. Tek, there's nothing here but rain forest.  Looks can be deceiving. There's no telling who or what could be in this jungle.  I'm not letting you fly into that restricted air space. Point taken, but I found another way.  Let's do it. I'm going, too. No, you're not.  Now, it's a long way to the island so we'd better give this thing the old once-over before we leave. Good idea. I would hate to bother the coast guard if we broke down.  Laughs Sighs Uh, what was I thinking? This place sucks. Ooh. When I get home, I am my God  It looks like we are not alone. Why does that voice sound familiar?  Let's go find out. So how are our guests doing? Let's see. Are you sure Stefano DiMera is the mastermind behind all this? It's his M.O. The kidnappings, the sadistic games, the dead becoming undead. It's his quest for ultimate control. It's Stefano, all right, right down to the letter. Yeah, only this time, the whole thing is a lot bigger.  I was captured by his goons when I was in Europe. I just discovered that Marlena Evans was being set up as the serial killer. The old man had to silence me. Did you see him?  No, but one of my jailors mentioned his name. All right, listen. First order of business. We need to get our friends and our loved ones off this damn island. Now down the energy source. Once they do, the force fields will go down, and Stefano will be at disadvantage.  That's exactly right. All right, you three go back to New Salem and organize the escape. I will go back to DiMera's compound. I've been there once. I'm sure I can find Stop right there.  It's the simplest strategy. It's too risky. If you fail, it will complicate things for the rest of us. That's right. You can't go alone. He needs to go with you. And if he is going, so am I. Count me in, too. What are you talking about? You've got nothing at stake here. It sounds like fun. I never could say no to an adventure.  All right, let's just go while it's still dark. Once DiMera finds out we're coming, all hell will break loose hand it to you. You're some kind of woman. I've gone up against Stefano DiMera before. I'm ready to face him again. I just don't wan na lose my husband in the process. To Stefano or to Billie? Bo and I are back on track. Let me guess. You don't want Billie getting any ideas. Enough about my personal life. Let's go get DiMera and get the hell off this island.  Hey, I'm sorry about before. I didn't mean to cause any trouble. Don't worry about it. It's my fault. But you need to know I love my wife.  I know you do. Good. As long as we have that straight, we'll have no problems. Ready? Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Well, my gut tells me we're getting close. You might be right. sitting in his compound watching us, just waiting to attack. That's why it's important the first thing we do when we hit that compound is take that generator out and shut down his power source. Yeah. We weaken him up, we root him out, and then we take him down. Boss, it looks like " that's a fact " Black and Captain Brady are coming after us. I think it's time they felt the wrath of God, or at least the power of a DiMera. Charge the engines, Bart. Oh, shoot, my flashlight. I'll be right back. Are you all right with that backpack? Yeah, I got it. Distant rumbling What was that?  What was what? I don't know. Something's not right. (Animals-squawking) Something scared those animals. I don't like this, Roman. So did you program the to full power, initiate. Device beeps It's happening. Oh, God. It's an earthquake.  Oh. Aah Aah Bo Billie Billie I'll get Hope Hope You all right? Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. How about you? That wasn't any ordinary earthquake, Roman. No buildup, ground didn't roll. I'm willing to bet there's not going to be any aftershocks, either. What are you saying? I think that earthquake was man-made. It's got DiMera written all over it. Well, brother, for once in your life, you're absolutely right. So you want to go another round, boss, give them the aftershocks they were talking about? No, not yet. Let's see how our other guests are handling the the great quake, shall we? Four rattled people coming, God. You okay?  Yeah. Good. You stay put. I'm going to check on Hope.  Be careful. Aw, damn it. Hope. Hope. Wake up, Hope, come on. Hope. Thank God. What happened? We had an earthquake. Oh, God, Bo. He's behind this. I need to get to him to make sure he's okay. Don't get up. Don't get up. You might have a concussion. Hope? Bo? Hope Bo Bo. Hope? Are you all right? We're trapped. Bo. Hope, hey, don't worry. I'll get you out of there.  Let me help. I told you to stay put. It's too dangerous.  But you need my help. No, I'll handle this. know another way out of here. Coughs You know, Father always said the best way to destroy your enemy is to divide and conquer. I don't think Bo and Hope can be any more divided than they are now. You know, boss, the earthquake was really cool, but can we charge up the cyclones, huh? Can we? With one switch of Stefano's weather machine, we could have Maggie Horton thinking she's Dorothy in " The Wizard of Oz. " Ha ha ha. No, Bart, no. We have more pressing matters. Like what? Like like this. Groaning Oh. Is that who I think it is? Take a good look for yourself. All right? Aah Aah Ooh Yuck Ooh Die, spider, die Ooh Oh. Ew. I think you're dead. Oh. Okay. Oh. You know, when I nice to spiders. " There was nothing nice about you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Where did Brady and Tek go? Mm.  That voice sounded familiar. We might be close to finding everyone we came looking for. It didn't sound like Marlena or Hope or Jennifer.  No one was on the boat with us. Rustling  Someone knows we're here. Here, grab the end of this vine. Oh. Where are they?  Pull Aah Oh Nice job.  Get up Wait Oh, wait, wait Nicole? Hi, Brady. Miss me?  Mimi, what's going on?  I didn't know you were back. Um. I was just thinking about how I ruined the romantic picnic you had planned for me. I should have canceled my appointment at the hospital. I am so sorry.  Mimi, don't worry about it. We can just I feel so bad.  God, you're shaking. Maybe you are sick. Let me call Lexie and  No, don't. Where's my baby? Oh, Mimi, honey. Mama's here to take care of you.  Mimi. She said she was fine. I  I-I am fine, really. Oh, Rex, you can't listen to her. She doesn't like it when anyone makes a fuss. It's probably just one of those 24-hour flu's. Rex, would you mind going out and getting some juice? I knew I was forgetting something.  Yeah, sure, I'll do it right now. I'll be right back. Thanks.  What are you doing here? Connor told me you called crying, so I came over here as fast as these boots could carry me.  Well. I did it. I had the abortion. and I with myself now? Oh, baby. You can imagine my surprise when the discharge nurse handed me this. I understand you want to leave the hospital, but you should have consulted me first. I did. I asked you to leave, you said no. So I decided to discharge myself. Shawn, it's too soon. Honey, you were in a terrible accident. You've had brain surgery. You could easily suffer a setback if you overdo it. And now with your parents gone, who's going to take care of you?  I am. If my parents are dead, the last thing I want to do is wait around I.C.U. where other people are waiting to die. I'm not wasting any more of my time here, Lexie. I'm going to go home with my fianc. Shawn, listen, your parents would want me to to look out for you. Honey. it's a miracle here talking, making decisions at all. Listen, I understand. I understand you're impatient, but what's another day or two in the scheme of things, huh? A lifetime. Was this your idea? Dr. Carver, you have an urgent call on line 3. Thank you. I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere.  Is she always such a bitch? There's another way out of there? I'm not sure. But the night Jennifer gave birth, Tony was sneaking around. He got in here without any of us seeing him. You know what? You're right. Tony knew the details of Jennifer's condition before he even saw her. There must be a secret entrance in here somewhere. Bo, don't wait for us. You and Billie need to find John and Roman before they get to the compound. They're going to need all the help they can get . Bo, we don't have a choice. Listen to me, please. I can take care of myself, but John and Roman they're walking into the fight of their lives. They need your help. Last time I saw them, they were heading North. Find them.  I think I can find them. Okay, great. I love you, Fancy Face. I love you, too. You be careful. Watch out for yourself, okay? All right. All right, let's do it. Patrick Patrick? Patrick Hey, take a look at this. What is it? Tire tracks. Got to be heading towards Stefano. Yeah. So are we. Let's go. All right.  I hope we get to John and Roman in time. They can't take on Stefano alone. Hey, I know how hard it was for you She and Patrick will be fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hope, are you Oh, Bo, thank God you're all right. What the hell's going on here?  What's really bothering you, Bo? What do you think about Patrick?  Uh, I just met the guy, but he seems like he's decent. Why? I don't know. It seems like there's something strange about him.  Hope can take care of herself. Your brother needs you right now. Yeah, you're right. Let's go. Patrick? Patrick. Sighs Oh, my God, Patrick, where are you? Aah Here we are. Aah Aah Holy Moses. Holy Moses. It's true. How in the world did Stefano and Tony bring him back? Oh. Baby. baby, I know you're hurting really bad right now, but the right thing. Just keep remembering that, and you'll be able to forget about all the rest.  How can you say that? How can you say that? I will never forget. I will never forget I had an abortion. I didn't do the right thing. I didn't even tell Rex he was going to be a father. I didn't I didn't give him the choice because I didn't trust our love enough. I am a horrible person. No. No No, you're not. Baby, you did what you had to do because you knew you couldn't take care of a baby right now, and Rex didn't want one, either.  He wants to be a dad. Didn't he tell you umpteen times that he wasn't ready to have a baby yet, that he wanted to establish his career, make enough money for both of you?  But he didn't even know I told me to have the baby. Oh, and then what? Oh, eventually, baby, he would have left you high and dry, considered you damaged goods, even run off with your best friend' cause he couldn't handle the responsibility of having a family.  Are you sorry you had me, Mom? Are you sorry you had Patrick and Connor? Oh, honey. Oh, honey. Come here. Oh. You and my boys are everything that's good in my life. You know that.  But all the hopes and dreams you had to give up. That's why you didn't think I should have the baby. You didn't want me to make the same mistake you did. No. No, Mimi. Having you was the best decision I ever made. But I also made another decision a long time ago, and I know better than anyone else what you're going through right now.  What are you Yes, I did.  Oh, my God. It was way before I met your father. I was dating a guy for a couple of months when I found out I was pregnant. It took me weeks to get up the courage to tell him, and when I did, well, you know the story from there.  He ran off with your best friend? Ex-best friend.  I am so sorry. You you never told me. I never wanted you to go through the pain and humiliation that I went through. Baby, I had to take three buses out of town to go find a place where nobody knew me, and when I got back home, I had to bury that pain inside me the pain of knowing how much I wanted that baby, but I could not give him the life that he deserved. I'm here for you, Punkin. You can always talk to me. You can always count on. if you knew how much this hurts, how could you have told me to do it? Because I love you, and I want you to have a good life, and now you can.  How? How? How will I ever get past this? I will never be happy again. You will get past it. You will. I promise you.  I don't deserve to. You deserve happiness more than anyone I know. Sweetie. sweetie, you'll never forget what you had to do, but in time, you will learn to forgive yourself.  No. Mnh-mnh. You don't know what the future's going to bring. Think about it. Mimi, if I'd have had that baby all those years ago, everything in my life would be different. Your father never would have given me a second look, although that may have been a blessing, actually. Except. you wouldn't be here, woman has the right to choose. You chose not to have a baby you couldn't take care of.  But I could have. You will have a family someday, and you will have so much love to give those kids. I promise you, every day, it will hurt a little less.  I just hope Rex never finds out what I've done.  Lexie, something is wrong with Mimi. I need your help. What do you mean?  She says she's sick, and I just wanted to talk to you about it ,' cause I know she had an appointment with you recently. Rex. as you know, I am bound by doctor/patient confidentiality. You really need to speak with Mimi. Ow  I should have known you were involved in all this. Probably here to warn your partners, aren't you? Oh, yeah, right. I-I stowed away on your dinghy and was almost partners that two crazy guys are on some island searching for missing people. Nicole, I don't know what the hell you're thinking, but I told you to stay home. This is dangerous. I thought you guys could use some help.  Oh, yeah. Some help covering up what's going on on this island. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back off. Come on, Tek.  Brady, Nicole's been a suspect in the unsolved murders of her husband Victor Kiriakis and Colin Murphy, and now she just happens onto the island that we believe your father and Bo landed on. I'm not backing off one bit. Listen to me, listen to me. You're an officer of the law, Tek. Just for a second, think about innocent until proven guilty. Yes, Brady, thank you yet again. You are not off the hook yet. Sit down and tell us the real reason why you're thought of losing my one and only friend in Salem, all right? You have done so much for me, Brady. I thought you guys could use all the help you could get trying to find your dad's plane. What, three heads are better than two, right?  Yeah, well, in this case, two heads are better than three. The only thing you're going to do is slow us down and get us killed. Brady, I say we take her back to the boat, and we tie her up. Whoa, whoa, wait. Brady, you're not going to let him do that to me, are you?  You know, I really don't blame Hope for wanting to come with us. What are you talking about? She forced us to leave her in that cave with Patrick.  After she found out how long it would take us to get them out. Before the earthquake, she was adamant  So. after all these years, she still hates me for not wanting to give you up after we found out she was still alive. Well, do you blame her after she found us kissing?  No. So. what was your life like after you left Salem this last time?  You mean did I have a life outside of the I.S.A.? Oh, you know, I dated a few guys. Nothing special. Being an I.S.A. agent isn't exactly a relationship-friendly career. But if I met the right guy. I'm sure I could make it work. Bo. What?  Hope is going to be okay. She is a strong, resourceful woman. She and Patrick will be fine. They'll find us. Hope you're right. Why did you do that? You scared the hell out of me. I didn't want you saying anything while we were inside. Since DiMera accessed the cave Okay, okay. Whatever. Just warn me next time, okay? Fine, fine. Rustling That could be DiMera's men. Let's go. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Patrick Whoa, whoa Whoa, John, what why are you dressed like this? We found these in one of the outposts. We thought we could move more freely if we blended in. Bart, come here. What do you think of my caged specimen? I don't get it, boss. How did you and the big guy manage to revive him? What? Oh, you don't know? No. Device beeping Well, we what is that? We got four people outside the compound. Get me a visual. They just don't give up, do they? Okay, prepare holding cells. We're about to have company. Sure, boss., your father's deadliest soldier? You know, unfortunately for John, we know his weakness. He'll gladly give his life for someone else. Therefore. it's time for someone to die. - I'm ready - I don't think so.  I'm back. Hey, how you feeling, Mimi?  Okay.  Well, I stopped by the pub and got you some chicken soup. Grandpa Shawn said it's Grandma Caroline's special recipe. I-I hope it does the job.  Thank you.  And by the way, I did call Lexie.  You did what?  I wanted her to tell me what was wrong with you.  What did she say?  She said I should ask you. Because of the doctor/patient confidentiality, right?  Yeah. So, what's. really going on, Mimi? What's wrong? I mean, you are acting so just not yourself lately, and I, I think, uh, I think you should tell him.  What? What? We're all adults here. I think it's time you told Rex the truth. Look, Tek, I know what Nicole did was wrong. She shouldn't have followed us here. But we just can't take her back to the boat, tie her up, and leave her there.  Yeah, but we can't take her with us. You said it yourself, it's too dangerous. I know, I know. There's there's got ta be another solution.  Look, Brady, Nicole's not even used to this kind of terrain. She's not even wearing the right clothes. Look, taking her with us is like signing her death warrant. I know it is, but taking her to the boat, tying her up, and I can't leave her defenseless like that.  Sighs All right  What are you doing? Here, we'll split up. You don't wan na take care of Nicole, I'll take care of Nicole. Look, the boat's docked right there. We'll meet back there tomorrow at sundown.  All right, do what you got ta do. Just be careful, man. I will.  Brady, watch your back. See ya tomorrow. I can't believe that you Watch out. Down. Yeah, I caught that one, DiMera. I'm gon na catch the next one, too. No, no, dear brother, I don't think you will. Ha ha. Ha ha ha. Shawn Nothing you can say or do is gon na change my mind. I'm checking out of the hospital now. But, Shawn, you can't I know you're worried about me, okay? I really appreciate worry about me anymore. But I'm going home with Jan. Well, okay. Here, take my card. It has my direct phone number on it. You call me if you start to feel weak, or anything out of the ordinary. You call me, okay? Do you hear me? You call me immediately. I don't care what time it is. Yeah. Thank you, Lexie. Come here. You take it easy, okay?  Don't worry, I'll make sure he does.  I can't wait to take you home. I'm not going there. I'm going to the loft.  But Belle is there. Rex, I think it's time Mimi came clean with you. The reason my baby has not been feeling well is because she's having female problems, you know, plumbing issues.  Oh. And since I taught all my children to be polite, you.  Yeah, she's told me that before, but she said everything was better now. Oh, I'm sure it's nothing to worry about. It's just not a very pleasant topic to talk about, you know what I mean?  Yeah. Well, okay, now that that's settled, I, um, I think I'll get going. Uh, you call me if you need anything, and I mean anything.  Okay, thanks. Thanks. You're welcome. Love you. Goodbye, Rex.  I'll see you later. Okay, see you later.  You know, Mimi, I really wan na know what's going on with you. It worries me.  You are such a good boyfriend, Rex.  Look at you. Why are you crying?  Because you're too good for me.  That's not true. Mimi, look at me. You right? Because you know a relationship can't make it without honesty and communication between both parties.  I know.  I love you, Mimi Lockhart.  I love you. Stop it, stop it. We can't do this. Yes, we can. No, we can't. Tek was right. About. The only thing I'm gon na be able to concentrate on is keeping you safe, and not finding my Father or Bo. Why are you smiling? You care about me, don't you? Yes, Nicole, I care about you. I care about you. Listen, I don't think you understand the severity of the situation. This place is dangerous. There is a possibility we might not make it off this island alive. Animal growling We better get moving. Wait for me. Brady, wait Brady, wait We're under attack. Grunts resistance is futile, that no one is coming to their rescue. Beeping What is it? I want a visual. We got intruders in the east perimeter. I'm trying to get one, sir. The camera's out. All right, bring in the reinforcements. Make sure they seal off the area. Now Yes, sir. No one is gon na beat me at my own game. We've come too far We're surrounded.  They're trapped. Yeah. Okay, you know what to do, right?  Yeah. All right, let's do it. Come on, Roman. Gasps Aah You asked him to make love to you. How do you know that? Because I saw it with my own eyes. What is this place? I have no idea. But I intend to find out. I was What now, boss? Wait till you see what I have in store for them next. It's quite amazing. DiMera, no 
Alexandra, what is it, darling? Um. Tek. He and Brady went off on a search for John and Bo. Oh, Mom. I've already lost one man I love. I can't lose Tek, too.  Are you saying that you love Tek?  Shawn. What's up, man? I thought you were going to be in the hospital for a while. Yeah, well, Lexie thought so, too, but I had to get the hell out of there. Figured I'd heal up better at home, right?  Yeah well, speaking of home, uh, you know living arrangements have changed, right? Changed?  Yeah, you know, Mimi moved in with me, and you know about Philip and Belle living together, right? Make love to me, Philip. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah, I know all about Philip and Belle living together.  Well, look, uh, Mimi you can always move back in here.  Shawn, don't you think you'd be a lot happier living with me? I mean, we are engaged to be married. Besides, you'd feel like a third wheel living here. You don't want to be across the hall from your ex and her new boy toy, now, do you?  Shawn, look, this is your place.  Thank you for stating the obvious, Rex. Well, there's still a room available, right?  Yeah. You can move back in.  I think that would be a big mistake.  I'll let you two talk it over. Mimi's not feeling well.  Shawn, the last place you need to be while you're recovering is a germy apartment.  It's not contagious.  How do you know?  It's a female thing, okay? I'm going to go check on Mimi. Jan, I room in.  Mimi?  I'll be right out.  Okay. But no matter where I live, I'm going to have to get rid of a few things.  I'll help. Okay.  Oops. My bad. I'll clean this up and be right with you. Okay.  Salem Women's Clinic. Ha. She killed your baby, Rex, and you have no idea, do you? I'll keep this piece of evidence. It might come in handy.  Where is that slip from the women's clinic? It has to be here.  What has to be where? What the hell?  Abe Carver. Tek.  You're alive. Ha ha ha ha.  Alive Aah Aah It's good to see you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Brady ow. Can't we just rest one minute have to find my Dad and Bo. I know they're alive here somewhere. I've got to believe that. Oh, there's no way your dad and Uncle Bozo could be alive. Their plane disappeared from radar just like Hope's did. They went after her because she could be alive, too. Okay. Good. Come on. Don't they know that resistance is futile, that no one is coming to their rescue? Beeping What is it? I want a visual. We got intruders in the east perimeter. I'm trying to get one, sir. The camera's out. All right, bring in reinforcements. Make sure they seal off the area now. Yes, sir. We're going to have to time this perfectly. You know what to do? Let's go. Gasps Oh, God. Oh. Oh. Gunshots Down Down Down live rounds. Heads up Behind you, John Behind you 8 to base. 8 to base. Multiple intruders, South perimeter. Request I repeat, request backup. Nor Hope. I'm fine. Take him out. Don't be stupid. I've got orders to kill if necessary.  I wouldn't do that if I were you. I'll do whatever I've got to do.  You want to shoot her? Go ahead and try. You'll be dead before you hit the ground. Hey, boss, it looks like Billie Reed's one-upped us. Never underestimate the power of a DiMera, Bart. You should know that by now. Wait till you see what I have in store for them next. It's quite amazing, even for me.  Don't do it. I don't take orders from you. I know what I have to do . Oh. Oh. You all right? Yeah. Hope? Oh, God, no. Hope. Hope. Heads up 3:00. Oh DiMera, you yellow-belly, where are you? Nice try, but I'm not going to let you get away with this, DiMera. Well, it's too late, half-brother. I've already gotten away with it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ah. I'm sorry. You can't be here. Well but what happened to Shawn? Is he okay? I mean, he's supposed to be here. He's fine. He discharged himself. Did he go home? All I know is that he left with his girlfriend. Her name was, uh, Jan.  I mean, I'm seeing it, but I'm not believing it. Ha ha ha. So how'd you find us that Bo was sure came from Roman. Yeah. It was Roman.  So Bo was right? Roman's alive? Yeah, we all are. All the Salem Stalker's victims, along with Jennifer, Hope, Patrick, and John and Bo.  All of you. All.  I'm having, like, a complete sci-fi moment here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, I can't say I blame you.  But, I mean, I don't who? How? I mean, this this place is I don't Yeah, we don't we don't have any answers about that yet, but we're working on it. Look, enough about me and this damn island. I need some news of home. How's Lexie and my son Theo?  They're they're both fine. Fine? Her husband's dead, and she's fine? There Lexie's moved on. hasn't she?  I'm sorry, Abe, yeah. She has.  Um, I was just looking for my new schedule from the Java Cafe. I need to call Patty and tell her I can't make it to work tomorrow.  Well, you're not feeling good. I'll call.  Thank you.  I just want you to feel better. You know, I thought I outgrew stuffed animals, like, 15 years ago, but somehow, when you're the one who won it for me. here. What are you doing? I want you to keep it, and every time you see it, I want you to know how much I love you.  Shawn, you need to throw that out. You need to throw out everything that reminds you of Belle. It's the only way you're going to be able to move on.  Maybe he doesn't want Yah. That water felt great, didn't it? Little cold, little cold. First you're hot, and now you're cold. Is this the way the entire trip is going to go? Well, you know, I, uh. I was thinking we could light a fire, snuggle close, and get warm. You know what I mean? As tempting as that sounds, it's not going to help me find my Father or Bo, is it? Besides, I don't want to clue anybody in that we're here until we know the score. Who else do you think is here, Brady? Engine running Get get down. (Engine-stops) Let's refill our canteens. Want to go for a ride in a jeep? No. Too bad. Usually when I hitchhike, I know where I'm going. Do you have any idea who these guys are and where they're taking Oh, my God, no. Stefano's holding us hostage undersea. Oh, my Bo, Bo, wake up. Bo, wake up. Wake up. John, wake up. Patrick Patrick John. Roman. John, come on. John, Bo. Hope. Oh, my God. Hey, hey, you okay? Yes. Look where we are, Bo look. Look.  Are we underwater? Kind of looks that way. This is some kind of holding cell. in the ocean. Stefano. The man is capable of anything. DiMera Let us out of here DiMera, show yourself Wait a minute, wait a minute, what what the hell is this? Heads up, everybody. Surprise. Yes, it's me. And I'm here to welcome you all to your new home.  You know, Tek taken Abraham's place in your heart? Mom, I wouldn't be unfaithful to Abe if I did learn to care for another man. Abe wanted me to find love again. That's why he sent me that letter on Theo's birthday.  He only meant that to be read in the event of his death, so now what if I'm right, huh? What if he isn't dead? Do you really want to cheat on your husband, commit adultery?  Yeah, Abe, your wife's moved on and created a life for herself without you. I mean, she had to. But not with another man, if that's what you're thinking. She's not with anyone romantically, I mean, if that's what you're worried about. Yeah. I have to admit I have been.  Well oh, man. What's wrong?  My arm. Let me take a look at this  Yeah, huh? Here, let me help you with that. What have we got in here? Ah, here we go. Yeah, I'm guessing you had a close encounter with an electronic force field.  Oh, yeah, you know about that, huh? Good thing I know how to climb a tree. Ha ha ha ha ha.  So who do you think's behind all this? Well, prevailing theory is DiMera.  That's what I figured, too. So how do we find them? How do we find the others? Those are good questions, ones I don't have the answer to.  Mimi, this is none of your business. Get out.  I live here.  Well, this is a private room, and Shawn and I are actually having a private conversation.  Shawn, can I talk to you? Sure. Jan, it's fine.  All right 'll be outside if you need me.  Ooh. Are you feeling better? Head's throbbing a little, but  A little? You just had major surgery. I'm fine.  Okay. I don't want to make you angry, but we've been friends since first grade, and I owe it to our friendship to be honest with you. I'm still rooting for you and Belle. The two of you you belong together. Okay. I know how you feel, but Belle and I are history. The sooner you wrap your head around that, Mimi, the happier you're going to be.  Moving out? Yeah, well, these things belong to Belle, so I'm going to take them back to her, and the keys to her apartment.  Sounds like a plan. I'm right behind you.  Face it, Spears in the end, you're going to lose Shawn Lockhart, or you'll find out what it's like to lose a man firsthand.  What was that all about?  I have no idea. There's this little voice inside my head that says. I think the coast is clear. Okay. All right. Hey. Where are we? I have no idea. Well, what do we do? Well, we got to find a place to hide. I think those guys are coming back. Well, do you think there's more of them? Yes, I definitely do. Look out Ooh Well, this isn't so bad. All right. I think it's safe. Come on. Okay. Oh. I think I saw a sign over there. If we can stay out of the searchlight, we can get close enough to read it. But it's so dark. We'll. What was that for? Good luck. I think we're going to need it. Right. All right, the search light's coming back. If we can if we can time it just right. Yeah, if. All right, you ready? Here it comes. Duck. You ready? Yeah. Go. I wish you could see the looks on your faces priceless. So it was you all along, huh? Programmed my wife into believing she was the Salem Stalker, who murdered all those people, and and you who faked their deaths. You build New Salem here, and just played God with all our lives. Is that it? I love hearing my credits recited. You even staged your own death. My personal favorite in all my illusions You sick son of a bitch. You should have kept me in jail while you had the chance. were to be wed, and just as you all thought, I'm the one who killed Roman, not Marlena. Of course, Marlena thought she had killed her ex-husband in a fit of jealous rage, but I'm the one who injected Roman with the serum that would make it appear that he was already dead. You bastard. Poor Kate. That scream it was bloodcurdling. If I get a hold of you, I will tear your head off. I suppose your anger is understandable. I swear to God himself, if I What? What? What would you do, pay me for what I've done? Well, lucky for me, you won't be able to do that, because right now we are 20,000 leagues under the sea. Ha ha ha. That's rather impossible. Well, I didn't exactly measure it, but I can assure you, it's very deep deep. There's if you do try, I'll just open the sea doors. So I wonder if you'll drown first or if the sharks will eat you alive. Oh, only one way to find out. Why are you doing this? For your father? For revenge? What could possibly justify you ruining all of our lives? Oh, Hope. You never beat around the bush, do you? Always so on the nose. So is revenge your only motive, or is there something bigger? What, world domination? That doesn't make sense. All that money spent, all the time to rebuild Salem on this island, fake our deaths how does that further your personal ambitions? If you don't mind, I think I'm going to keep my cards close to the vest this time, so you'll have to get into your own little think tanks and work it all out by yourselves. You're pure evil. You a dim lot of people you are. If you had half a brain, you would have stayed in New Salem. I gave you all the comforts of home. But, no, you wanted to stay here trapped in this place, separated only by a sheet of glass and death. You could have been in in the Brady Pub with your friends having a little cordial. They're probably there right now. Maggie, Jack, Jennifer, Marlena, Abe, Caroline, Victor, Alice. They probably think you all died in the jungle. Ha ha. Ha ha ha. Oh, what a pity. Smugness is not a virtue, Tony. It's a weakness. And when I get out of here, and I will, you are a dead man. When. if. Such little words with such big meanings. Ah, we will meet again, brother. Brother. Only it'll be in hell. Laughing  Look, why do best? Call for backup? A satellite phone?  They don't call me Tek for nothing. Let's see if we can give the old I.S.A. a little jingle. Yeah, then maybe they can get word to Lexie that we're really alive.  She knows I'm on a case. I already left her a message. Hope she got it. Our marriage vows said " till death do us part. " Death parted us. I miss Abe so much. Why do you have to make things worse, Mom?  Look, darling, I have my cards with me. I'll read them for you, and then you'll see that I'm telling the truth. No, no. I don't I don't wan na hear what your cards have to say about Abe, Tek, my future nothing.  Alexandra, you're in love with Tek, aren't you? Philip's voice right now. Leave us a message, and we'll call you back. How was that? Belle's voice Perfect. Just perfect. It's a good sign Belle still has my clothes in her closet. Philip's voice Uh, hi. Philip and Belle aren't in right now. Leave us a message, and we'll call you back. How was that? Belle's voice Perfect. Just perfect.  Shawn. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah.  Shawn, what's wrong? This picture. I remember them together like this at the Penthouse Grill.  You remember being at the Penthouse Grill?  Nicole, it's me. Jan, my buddy in crime, to what do I owe the honor?  I was just calling to tell you that I'm a genius. Ha ha. Really? How's that?  Things just keep getting better and better with Shawn. I mean He's angry all the time. But I can live with that because what pisses him off the most is all that stuff with Belle and Philip, which he's starting to remember. Except that he thinks he saw it for real. But he doesn't remember anything about being my love slave or a whole bunch of other things. Well, he will, eventually. And when he does, you'll be a long-term resident at women's central jail.  Well, if I go, then you go. Bitch.  Whore. Okay, we've had enough bad memories for one day. Come on, let's go. You know, uh, actually, I think I left my other jacket in Belle's closet upstairs. Would you mind getting it for me?  Sure, hon. You're here. I was just looking for you at the hospital. I-I wanted to bring you these. It's your favorite. I Look, I just I wanted a chance to talk to you. What is the point in talking when every time you open your mouth, all that comes out are lies? Okay, I know I've made some mistakes. I shouldn't have lied about my Mom's alibi, but you've made mistakes, too. Why can't we put all of this in the past, and just start over? Oh, I don't know. I'm sorry, I just can't get past the fact that you actually slept with my best friend. Philip and I share this apartment, that's all. This is more lies I am just sick of them, Belle What are you talking about? Make love to me, Philip. Are you sure? Right here. Right here on this couch. You and him were you asked him to make love to you How do you know that? , no. I-I how do you know that? Because I saw it with my own eyes. I don't know how you could have seen it. It's impossible. Besides, if you had been here, you would have seen what really happened. Why? What? You would've seen that I didn't go through with it. Oh, you why ,' cause you were saving yourself for me? Yes I know it sounds crazy, but it's true. Then not only are you a liar, but you are a slut. No, I'm not in love with Tek. But I could be someday.  Yeah, that's what I feared. Why, Mom? Why do you want me to be lonely for the rest of my life? Why don't you want my son to have a father?  Alexandra, I gave you life, darling. Of course I want, I want you to love and be happy. Darling, listen to me now. That's why I feel pressed to warn you, if you allow yourself to fall for Tek, darling, it's going to cause you great heartache. You're wrong. It would make me happy, Mom. And I haven't been happy for such a long time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but you're wrong. Abe is dead. I just pray that Tek isn't, too.  Damn. Damn it. I was afraid of that.  It's like DiMera knew I was gon na make that call, and he surged the power on purpose. Yeah. In which case, he probably knows you're here. I tell you, I just hope John and Roman's whereabouts go undetected' cause if their mission fails, I'm afraid we're out of options. You check this place out very closely, Bo It's not like you to be upset in a situation like this. You're my brave tough wife. I'm just thinking about our boys. I'm so worried about' em. Shawn we don't even know where he and Zack, I Halloween's coming up. He wants to be the shark from that movie " A Shark's Tale, " you know, the nice shark that doesn't eat fish or people. Yeah, I don't think there are any nice sharks out there. He should try to convince him to be a turtle or something. If we ever get out of here. Hey, hey, hey, we will. Believe me. My bracelet. What how did you Yeah, I found that floating in the ocean after that plane crash. Which don't ever leave me like that again. I hate it when we're separated. There is nothing DiMera could ever do that right. They are so stupid. Pull' em out now (Faint-whooshing) Hey, what the hell is that noise? I don't know. Oh I can't move. I don't think I can either. I don't think any of us can. What the hell  What's happening? I feel like I'm paralyzed. Looks like my brother has magnetized the floor. Hey, heads up. Heads up. Easy. Take it easy. Where are you going? What are you doing? Stay away from my wife  Leave me alone, you goon. Leave them alone. Billie Oh Come over here with that dart gun, you son of a bitch Get away from my wife No Bastards. Get God Hope DiMera You coward Bring my wife back here DiMera, no head off because you'll never see your wife or ex-wife ever again. What now, boss? I think it's time to begin the final stage of my plan. Fortunately, everyone has been accounted for. Look at this. It's the same design I saw on the side of the jeep. It looks like Jurassic Park after the dinosaurs run amok. What is this place? I have no idea. But I intend to find out. Oh, I was afraid you were gon na say that. Come on. You are a DiMera spy. I'm no spy. What do I have to do to prove it? If Tony DiMera finds out that we've escaped, God knows what he'll do to those we've left behind. John Did you see that? John just got fried Positively shocking. I hate you. Not as much as 
I can't believe how much I am going on about how much I miss Roman. besides, you're going through so much yourself. I'm sorry. I'm being completely selfish. No, not at all, Katherine. It's just I don't understand. I thought that I was doing so much better. It's because you. had Sami and Lucas's wedding to keep you busy. They were getting married, will was finally going to get his parents together. That's the one positive thing you've had to focus on. even though Samantha. isn't necessarily your first choice for a daughter-in-law, I know you just wanted. your son and his boy to be happy. Yes. Absolutely. That's what I want. And now they can move on, and hopefully they're going to find some real happiness. Yeah, they will. So will you. What about Sami? I mean, how is she going to get past this? I'm all that . Oh, stop. What more could you have done for her? Well, I didn't have to give her mother's pearls to Belle, and I was too strung out to deal with her when she came to me so upset. She feels like I let her down, and I have. Sami can blame everyone, everyone for what happened to her, but there's no one to blame but herself. Yeah, well, it's not her fault I didn't bring Roman and Doc home, is it? John. you have to stop blaming yourself for their deaths. We're both still grieving. We're grieving just as much as Sami is. We have to stop taking care of everyone else. We need to take care of ourselves. We need to take care of ourselves, and that's why we need to continue to be here for each other. We can't let Tony get to us. Look, he our dreams, showing us video of John and Kate, but we can't give in to it. You're right. You're right. Everything Tony says or does has an ulterior motive. We have to be (Door-opens) Scat singing What's the problem? It's only dinner. Take it away. No can do. Boss's orders. Well, that's too bad about the boss's orders. We don't want it. You don't want it? You haven't even seen it yet. Okay, all right, I admit it's a weird combo, but not half as weird as in " whatever happened to baby Jane? " When she served her sister that dead rat and pet bird. Ha ha. But I digress. I know what you're afraid of, and do not worry. Do not worry. It is not poisoned or anything. Scout's honor. Everything Tony touches is poisoned. up all this other stuff. No, you haven't spoiled anything. We got plenty of evening ahead of us, and. I've got plans for you. More wine? Please. We'll get through all this, Fancy Face. We will. Yes, we will. I'm so glad we have the place to ourselves tonight. Mm, yeah. Told you Billie would find a place to stay. Come here, Brady. (Doorbell-rings) Hmm. Let's see. Who do you think that could be? (Doorbell-rings)  Hi. I had no intention of coming back here tonight. It's just that I.  Oh, I am. so sorry. Nah, it's okay. No. It's not okay. It's not okay at all. Okay, who the hell is this? Distorted voice I told you, I'm a friend. I don't have any friends. , Sami. Okay. Well, then, tell me who you are. In due time, all will be revealed, but you have to take the first step. The first step. Open your front door. Why? Your destiny awaits. Don't be afraid. Just open the door. Ahem. Oh, my God. Who the hell are you? Man #2 It's irrelevant. I was sent to give you this. What is it? Some kind of bomb? Oh, my God. It's filled with money. Man #2 And plane tickets and a number of other things you might find useful. They're all $100s. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Look, this isn't funny, so answer me. Tell me who you are. Why are you doing this? Just do everything the man before you says, and I promise you, you'll have Hel hello? () Who is your boss? Who is behind this? I have no idea. I was contacted anonymously, given instructions to first hand you that envelope, and then. And then what? May I come in? Don't worry. I'm not here to harm you. I think we'd better close that door. Okay, what are you here for? To do what I do better than anyone on this planet. I've had some unusual jobs in my day, but this is by far the craziest. Still, whoever your mysterious benefactor is, he or she must have his or her reasons. So. let's get started. Get started with what? I was told when you asked that to respond as follows. I will provide you with the means to achieve that which you most desire. Revenge. Hope, listen No, I'm sorry. It's interrupting. I understand that And there is nothing wrong with being honest about it.  You're right. There is nothing wrong with being honest about that. And when I left here earlier, I had no intention of coming back here. It's just that I Oh, you left your makeup bag up in the bathroom. I'll be happy to get it for you.  Well, as a matter of fact, I did, but that No worries. I'll get it. So, uh, what happened? You find your mom?  Yeah, I did. Oh, good. Well, we'll call the court, let them know that you're going to be staying with her from tonight on.  Actually, things didn't quite turn out the way we had hoped. You know what, Bart? I wouldn't trust you if you told me the earth was round. The how long I slaved over a hot stove for this meal, huh? Well, stood next to the cook, anyway. What have I ever done to you to deserve such an attitude, huh? Don't answer that. All right, I did a few things. Okay, I did a lot of things, but it's not me. Don't you understand? I'm taking orders from the Count. You know, I couldn't come up with this stuff myself. I'm basically a nice guy. And like my kindergarten teacher Miss Nesbrook always said, I play well with others. That's enough, Bartholomew. " Bartholomew " that's when you know he's mad. What seems to be the problem? Uh, they won't eat, boss. What? After all the time we took in arranging this special meal? Is it a trick, Tony, like piping in the scent of roses so we. rekindle me too much credit. I'm not a magician. I can set the stage, I can lead the horse to water, but What horse, boss? Oh, Bart, it's just a metaphor. I meant that I can certainly provide for Roman and Marlena the opportunity to remember what they once had. Aah, but whether they want to act on their love, it's entirely up to them. I think they want to very much, except I think they're too afraid. Afraid of what, boss? Letting their emotions get ahead of them. Especially someone like Marlena who always likes to think she's in charge. We share that, Tony. So you you two nutty lovebirds, is that mojo rising, huh? Are you falling in love again? She won't tell you. Hmm? If you want to know the truth, just go up and look her in the eye. All . You got your answer. Well, I think we should leave the lovebirds have their special meal or whatever. Boss, why is she doing that? Why is she slapping us and hitting us all the time? Ha ha ha ha ha. Eat, don't eat it's up to you. Well. Doc. unfortunately, we are totally at Tony's mercy. We do have to eat sometime, and, uh, to be honest with you, I am a little curious. What do you say? Sure, go ahead. Ta-da. I don't believe this. Thanks for being here, Katherine, but don't you need to get some rest? I'm not going anywhere until I know you can sleep. Sleep's gon na be a tough call. Come on, don't worry. I'm not gon na go back down to the docks and try to score some drugs. I how bad this is. I remember when Billie was going through withdrawal. But you have the back pain on top of it all. Maybe if I take a hot shower, it'll loosen me up to relax. I think that's a plan. What? What is it? Don't it's just it's the back. It's just I can't move. I think that shower's gon na have to wait. Maybe. But, you know, I know something that could help. Might even be better than a shower, okay? I'll be right back. Damn it. It's just us, boss. So tell me, what was the deal with that weird meal we just served Marlena and Roman? That weird meal is gon na conjure up a very special memory, Bart a memory that Roman and Marlena won't be able to resist. It'll rekindle all the passion they I ate it, it would just give me heartburn. You know, the doc is onto you, sir. Roman, too. They both know that you're doing all this all this stuff to them so that they'll remember their great love. So she said. But whether she knows what I'm up to and whether she can resist it are two entirely different things. The fact that she has the knowledge of my plan only increases my pleasure, because once those emotions are rekindled and they take hold, they won't be able to resist them not those temptations. Ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Doc, I can't believe this, either. Look at this. I mean, we got we got a pepperoni/anchovy pizza, we got beer, we got mu shu pork, we got kung pao chicken, white wine. The meal we had every Friday night when we were newlyweds. I haven't seen anchovy and pepperoni pizza bitch know about this? It doesn't matter. We know what he's doing rekindling the romantic memories of our past. Exactly. But now that we know what his game plan is, it can't work, right? What do you mean, things didn't work out? Why can't you stay with your mom?  Because she's living with John until he's on his feet again. Well, you can still stay at her suite. The court doesn't expect you to be under surveillance 24/7.  Yeah, I know that, but while she's staying with John, she's having her suite completely redecorated. It's unlivable at the moment. You're sure.  Yeah, I'm positive. Believe me, I tried, Bo, and then I thought about Roman's house, but that's unavailable, and then I thought, heck, I'll just go stay with Lucas. Perfect. You . You guys get along great.  Yeah, we do. Unfortunately, I can't stay with him, either. Wh Jennifer, no, no, no, no. You have no idea. One minute Bo and I are having this incredible romantic evening. The next minute, Billie shows up again. No, thank God. Thank God, no. I thought she was going to say she still needed a place to stay, but that's not what came out of her mouth. Grunts What the hell's that? Since you can't take a shower, I'm going to give you a sponge bath. I don't think so. I promise, Mr. Black, I won't take advantage of you. Then I must really be losing my touch. Ha ha. Kate, it's not that. Look It's just Look, it's going to make you be taking care of you. I think it's the least I could do. No, you don't understand. You don't have to be doing any of this. It makes me feel better to help people. Really, you're doing me a favor, okay? I think being around you brings out the best in me. It's like spending time with you makes me feel like I'm a good person, even though I probably shouldn't feel that way. Why the hell would you say that? Oh, no, Kate, please, don't don't tell me this has something to do with what happened with Lucas and Sami. I'll tell you what I don't know about you, Doc, but, uh, but I'm starving. Oh. Oh. That is incredible. Do you remember how we came up with this crazy combination of food? Of course I do. We were newlyweds, Friday night, and I decided to surprise you and order your favorite supper. Pepperoni and anchovy pizza and beer. Absolutely. And I felt so guilty about leaving you alone for so long, on my way back to the apartment, I stopped and got you your favorite things mu shu pork, kung pao chicken, and chardonnay. It was quite a feast. Yeah. We had some good times. Yes, we did, Doc. Okay. I get what you're doing with Marlena and Roman. But what are you doing messing around with Sami Brady? She's trouble with a capital " T. " She's a loose cannon, a runaway missile. When she lets go with both barrels, there's no telling who she'll hit. Ha ha. God, you're poetic today. I couldn't have said it better myself. Thank you, sir. I-I have no idea what I just said or what it meant. allusions to armament, you hit a bulls eye. Huh? In simple English, Sami Brady is my secret weapon. So how does this mysterious benefactor know what I most desire? I have no idea. Shall we begin? You mean my. Transformation. Take a good look, Miss Brady. When I'm finished, even you won't be able to recognize yourself. Shall we begin? Let's do it. Oh, my God. You were right. I don't recognize myself. This is so freaky. If my mouth wasn't moving, I'd but why'd you make me look like a man? ' Cause those were my orders. Now. this. body girdle should disguise your figure. These shoes should increase your height, and these clothes should fit you perfectly. Now, if you'll put them all on, we'll have just one more thing to do. Name is Cole before, that, um, Sami was not the woman I dreamed of Lucas spending his life with, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't happy that he was free of her, but, um. I didn't I didn't do anything to break them up. I mean, I accepted their relationship because I realized how much Lucas loved Sami, and, um. she made Lucas and Will very happy, and I certainly wouldn't want to be responsible for the hurt and disappointment they're feeling now. Mm, what are you talking about ?' Cause you are a good person. There's just, um, some things in my past that I'm not proud of, that's all. You know, there's some there are a few times that, um, I did the wrong thing, but for the right reason. There are people who will never forgive me. I'll probably never forgive myself. Mm, look, this isn't getting us anywhere, so why don't you just rest? Just lay back. close your eyes. relax, and I'll do this very quickly and gently. Okay. Stop. I I can't let you do this. Why? I just feel so pathetic. You're not pathetic. You're right. I'm just weak. I'm so weak, I couldn't save Doc. I'm so weak, I got myself addicted to drugs, so weak I can't take a damn shower by myself. You're a strong man. You've been strong for everyone, but now you have to be strong for yourself. How, by letting you give me a bed bath? No. No. By kicking this drug habit so you'll continue to be here for everyone who loves you. Ha ha ha ha. Come on. Take a bite, for old cheese is doing to your arteries? You know that you want it. All right. Only if you have some of my mu shu. All right. Damn. That's not bad at all. I mean, I used to hate this stuff, but but now it's good. In fact, it's better than good. All right. Now your turn. Come on. All right, all right, all right, all right. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Mmm. Ha ha. I forgot how much I loved this. Ha ha It's like I always told you the secret is in the anchovies. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Do you want to share? Well, you're damn right I want to share. Absolutely. I'm going to do some That's mine, that's mine. I want to do some of this kung pao Mmm. Damn, that's spicy. I like it. Whoa. Ha ha ha ha ha. Why can't you stay with Lucas? ' Cause he's a mess since he canceled the wedding, since he found Sami in bed with Brandon. I understand that. I feel bad for him, but. did he really think Sami was going to change?  Yes, I think he did. You know, sometimes people do change, you know. Well, not people like my niece.  Anyway, I think that's what hurts Lucas the most. Well, all the more reason to go stay with him. I mean, give him some big sisterly support.  I agree. Well, bye-bye. We'll see you.  Except Will is taking it harder than Lucas. I mean, he will not have anything to do with Sami. He is so furious with her. He won't even stay All he ever wanted was to have his parents together, have a family.  Yeah. That's what every kid wants. Anyway. Will has moved in with Lucas. Their apartment is so tiny. There's just no room for me. So what you're telling me is. there are no other options. You got to stay here.  No Absolutely not. Hope will go ballistic. Yeah, she will, but  You saw how fast she wanted me out of here. She practically ran upstairs to get my suitcase. Billie, we don't have a choice.  No. I am not going to do that to her, and I won't do it to you. I did not come over here to guilt you into letting me stay here. I just came over here because I needed a friend to talk to and to get my bag, and I'm calling a hotel. Billie, you can't do that order. The court will find out, you'll be arrested, and you'll go to jail.  Ha ha. I could think of worse things. It's not going to happen. I'll talk to Hope. We'll work this out. You're staying here. End of story. Listen, Jen, I'll call you tomorrow, okay? Oh, yeah. I'm sure of it. I'm sure Bo wants her gone just as badly as I do. He went to so much trouble to make it such a romantic evening for us, but. no, trust me, he's certainly not going to let Billie ruin it. Sami Brady is your secret weapon? Sir, are you feeling okay? I've never felt better. Sami Brady is the long arm of my revenge. Although she doesn't know she's doing it. Actually, she thinks she's just paying back her enemies. That way, we You are a genius, Count. Ha ha. I try. How'd you ever think of Sami? Ah, it wasn't me. It was father. Fa Stefano's behind this? Indirectly. About 10 years ago, when I was visiting him in the hospital, Sami was there, her usual low-level no good, but father confided in me that. when they locked eyes with each other, something unsaid passed between them, something that pleased him but deeply unsettled her. Kind of like a Vulcan mind-meld. No. You know what father said to me? That of all the people in Salem, the one who would be most useful, the one who had the greatest potential, would be Sami. I never forgot those words. That's why all these years, I've cultivated that relationship because I knew one day, she would be useful, and today is the day. This is amazing. me on the street, I might even want to check me out. I'm very good at what I do. You can say that again. And I was paid very well to make sure you were unrecognizable. Well, you earned every penny. Have you given any thought to what you'd like to be called now? Something not too different from Sami so I remember to answer to it. Sam's too close, I guess. I got it Stan. That'll work. But what about my voice? Oh, not to worry. I-I have one last thing to give you. If you take this and put it in your mouth. up to the roof of your mouth, you know, click it in. like that. Now try to speak. Man's voice What do you want me to say oh, my God. That's amazing. I sounded just like a man. cool. (Man's-voice) With this, I'll finally be able to get back at everyone all my enemies. Ha ha. Revenge is going to be so sweet. But did we really have to go to this extreme? Your benefactor apparently thought so. Now, are you clear on how to maintain the look? Yeah, I think so. So now what? I have no idea. I am finished. This should answer any questions you might have. Goodbye, Stan. Good luck. Wait. How do I get in touch with you if there's a problem? You don't. Oh, my God. This is unbelievable. Feeling better? Yeah. Thank you for insisting on administering that sponge bath. Well, that was my pleasure. Anything else that I could do for you before I go to bed? Actually. No thanks. What? Nah, forget it. It's justn't be silly. Just tell me. It's just that I haven't haven't really slept for a long time. Let me get some of the sleeping medication that Lexie prescribed for you. No, that's not what I meant. It's not about falling asleep. It's about. sleeping soundly and peacefully, and I haven't done that since I left the island, since Marle I just miss holding someone in my arms. I miss feeling her arms around me and. you know, it's not the intimacy, it's just it's the company. It's it's the companionship. I understand completely. Roman and I weren't together very long, but I I miss him beside me at night. I do. And you're right. It's not it's it's not the sex, although I miss that, too, but. it's the feeling that you're not alone someone beside you, that you're not alone. There's someone who cares. Exactly. Please lay down beside me. No, wait a minute. Remember the first time your hands were so greasy, you couldn't even open your own beer? So you decided to do it for me. I think it had been shaken up, though. Yeah, yeah. Of course it had been, because when you opened it, it sprayed all over, and I remember it got all over you. All over my new silk blouse. Exactly, and being the gentleman that I was, and still am, I grabbed a napkin and started to dry you off. Is that what you were doing? Yes, it absolutely was what I was doing, but apparently, you had other things on your mind. Me? Well, all right. All right, I plead guilty. Maybe it was both Ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Well, here. Here, here, here, here. Aah You know what? Um. maybe you better dry it this time. Oh, my gosh.  Bo, I am already interrupting. This is obviously a special night between you two. Yeah, it is. It was.  See? I'll smooth things over with Hope.  You shouldn't have to. You're right, I shouldn't, but. this was kind of a. spur of the moment thing. It's not as if it's our anni wait a minute.  I was wondering if you'd remember. This would have been our anniversary.  Happy Anniversary. Ugh, it even smells like beer. Here. Here. (Click) Now what? Well, it doesn't matter what, because we know what Tony's up to, deal with it. Damn Tony. Damn him. He's just he's trying to throw us together again. Yeah, that's right, Doc, but. he's not doing it alone. What does that mean? It means that Tony may have set all this in motion, separating you and John and me and Kate, but he's not in control of that anymore. They are, and we are. John and Kate have moved on. They think we're dead. Yeah. But what they're feeling for each other is obviously real, and Tony is not manipulating that. And you and I, right here that's not Tony, Doc. That's us, and we have to stop fighting it. Roman, please. Roman. You listen to me. We have to admit. that that love that we had for each other once is still there. It's been there for years, voice I assume by your silence that the transformation is complete. Congratulations. It's you again. Yes, it's me your mysterious benefactor. Very wise of you not to say anything when you picked up the phone. Could have been for Sami, and that would require a great deal of explaining. But then, of course, you're not Sami anymore, are you? No. My name is Stan. Oh, I like that. Yeah. So have you read the letter? Yeah, but No questions. Just do what you have to do, and you know what that is. Take revenge on your first victim. Thanks for staying here with me, Kate. I couldn't do this without you. I'm not going anywhere. Just take it off. Are you serious? We're adults here. I think I can handle it. All right.  Hope I were you, I'd back off. 
Clear All clear This is good. We can use this as our base of operations. I still think we're half-crazy. Parachuting in behind enemy lines? Phil, you're bleeding You've been hit. I'll be all right. I have to be. Hey. What are you doing? What is this? It's dinner. I stopped by d'amore's, picked up some of your favorites. Oh, now all we need is some music. No, we can't do this. What? Do what? You know what. We can't be together like this while Philip's off at war risking his life on some dangerous mission. It's not right. I'm not gon na be unfaithful to my husband. Shivering What is it? What is it? If I could just get through this night. You will. You will. You will. You some rest, and then it's gon na be morning. The worst is gon na be behind you. Thanks for staying here with me tonight, Kate. I-I couldn't do this without you. I'm not going anywhere.  Well, Hope's not gon na be happy I'm interrupting what was obviously a special evening. Yeah, she's put up with a lot lately, and I've been trying to make it up to her. It was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing. It's not like it was our ann wait a minute.  I was wondering if you'd remember. Would today have been our anniversary? Coughs Hey. Hi. Well, gee, I hope I'm I'm not interrupting anything.  No, no, not at all. We were we were just, uh. Reminiscing. Oh, Billie, here. Your makeup bag.  Thanks. I'll just anywhere. Shall we begin? You mean my. Transformation. Take a good look, Ms. Brady. When I'm finished, even you won't be able to recognize yourself. Oh, my God. Okay, take this, put it in your mouth. up to the roof of your mouth. Now click it in. Like that. Now try to speak. Man's voice What do you want me to say? Oh, my God. (Sami's-voice) That's amazing. I sounded just like a man. I am finished. This should answer any questions you might have. Man's voice Oh, my God. (Telephone-rings) Distorted voice I'm guessing, from your silence, that the transformation is complete. Congratulations. You again. You were wise not to speak. I mean, anybody would be calling for Samantha, but you are not Samantha any longer, are you? No, I'm Stan So, Stan, tell me, did you read my letter? Yes, I read it. What the hell No questions. Just do what you have to do. You just go and do it. Look, I'm not going anywhere until you tell me who you are and what this is all about. But that's not what's important. You have everything you need in the envelope, your instructions are in the letter. Just follow everything precisely. I-I thought I was bad, but you whoever you are you're pure evil. And you will be, too. It's your chance, Samantha I mean, Stan your chance to take out revenge on everyone who's ever wronged you. Enjoy. Are you insane? There's no way I can do this. () What are you doing? Billie can't go anywhere. Why not? Because she's got no place Bo? She's staying over at John's, helping to take care of him.  Yeah, and while that's going on, her entire suite is being renovated. That's convenient. Okay, what about Lucas?  I tried that, too. Will has moved in with Lucas full-time now. He's having some. issues with his mother since the wedding was canceled. And you know what? It's okay, because I am just gon na find another place to stay. Anywhere else you go, you'll be in violation of your bail agreement. My butt's on the line here, too. I vouched for you in court. I don't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. Hope, wait a second. Give me a minute with my wife, and don't go anywhere. We need to talk. You bet we do. Let's go in the kitchen. Yeah, we Hope, I know you're upset. I am, too. But if she leaves right now, she'll end up in jail. She's got the toughest judge in the state working on this case of hers. He's looking for any excuse to throw the book at her. I still don't see how any of this is our problem. What happened to what we walked about? Exactly. What happened to what we talked about? You promised me that you wouldn't let Billie or her problems come between us, and I believed you. They're not. And now here she is again. And I have to walk in and hear you reminiscing about your wedding anniversary? We weren't reminiscing. It came up. It meant nothing. Oh, I think it meant something to Billie. Oh Hope. come on. Why can't we get back to our romantic evening together? What? Billie being like she's not gon na make any difference in our lives. You and I are solid. Our marriage is solid, you know that. And believe me, the only wedding anniversary I care about is yours and mine. Katherine. I asked you to stay with me tonight because. Because because you needed someone a friend. I understand. I just hope that I. it isn't sending you any mixed signals. No, no, no. You don't have to explain. We just got carried away because we were lonely. and I'm in your bed. You are a beautiful. desirable woman. You're grieving for Marlena, and I'm still grieving for Roman. Brady thinks I need to move on. with you. Well, Billie's given me really similar advice. I guess our children must be worried about us. Yeah, they seem to think we could make each other happy. and they make a perfect couple I guess they think we would, too. So how's Philip? I know you must be worried about him. just like Belle. I am. I think about him every minute of the day, and I just thank God that he has a loving wife to come home to. In fact, I have to I have to call her, check on her. Yeah, it's tough on Belle, I'm sure. That's why I don't want her to know what's going on with me. Not until I at least kick this. You will. You're gon na get you're gon na get better. Uh-huh. You just have to get some rest, and I'll be here. I'm not going anywhere. It's just it's just dinner. Look, I want to be with you. I just don't think it's right since Sami barged in and found us in each other's arms. That was innocent. Okay? We told her that. Yeah, well, Sami's gon na believe whatever Sami wants to believe. Well, so who cares? Let her. I care, okay? I don't want anyone to know that we're back together until I talk to Philip. And now she's suspicious, and I'm just, you know, really worried about what could happen. Especially since her wedding got called off, she's gon na want someone to pay. And I think this time's gon na be worse than ever. Who knows what she might do? Look, I admit, I was tempted by all you were offering, but I just lost. my job, my fianc, my son. So I really wasn't thinking straight when I said I would do this. But now that I see just exactly what it is you want sick. And I can't do it. Distorted voice But you're doing it for yourself, Sami. You're not doing it for me. Because if you went deep inside yourself, you would know that is exactly what you want. And we both know it. You've been hurt so much. You've been disappointed, you've been abandoned, you've been kicked around most of your life. And that's not fair, especially now when you thought at this particular moment you found some happiness, and that was denied you, as well. Don't you think it's time your enemies got paid back? Huh? Don't you think your enemies should get what they deserve? Beginning with John Black. John? Look in your makeup kit. Pills. Yes. Let the payback begin. I'm telling you, Sami is gon na be out of control, blaming everyone. From me to Kate to my dad . What could she do to hurt you or John? Nothing. That's what you think. No, I think you're overreacting. Now, would you just please come over here? I have this dinner all set up nice. Look, I can't, okay? I don't think it's right that the two of us are being alone like this, acting like we're back together, and Philip doesn't even know. Okay, all right, fine, I don't want to push you into anything that you're uncomfortable with, so I'll just, um, I'll leave this all here. You just help yourself to it. Sorry. No, it's fine. It's you know, we have an agreement, so, um, I'm just gon na get going. Thanks for understanding. Understanding? Well, I'm not gon na lie. I'd rather be here with go back home to Jan. She's finally out of my life. Shawn? Are you okay? Yeah. Um. it just happened again. What happened? The the flashes. The visions or something. I don't know. It's like when I was with Jan before the motorcycle accident. Maybe you're starting to remember. No. That's just it. It's all jumbled. None of it makes any sense. God. I had it. I wish I could remember. I want to know what she did to make me get engaged to her, if I even did, because I have no memory, whatsoever, of buying that engagement ring for her. And I see you still have Philip's ring on. We're still married. And until I can tell him that it's over, I won't take it off. I think, at the very least, I owe him that. a beating, but it looks like your arm was just grazed. I told you it was nothing. Look, you're still injured. We should get you back to the base. We're not going back to the base. You just said yourself it was a flesh wound. Now bandage it Look, I think you're making a mistake. I don't care what you think Bandage it now Fine I just thought you wanted to get home is all. I want to successfully complete the (Coughs) the mission. When it's over, I'll go back to the Pentagon, I'll give a briefing, and then I get to go on leave. And I get to see my wife. Sorry to tell you this, buddy, but it doesn't look like that. (Cellular-phone-buzzes) (Buzz) Private caller. Hello. Oh. dearest Kate. I hope I haven't awaken you. bearer of bad news. It seems that your son Philip's lovely new bride is. cheating on him with Shawn Brady. I know this is hard for you, Shawn. It's hard for me, too. Okay, you're not the only one who's worried about Philip being over there. I am, too, believe it or not. I also happen to believe that he's gon na be fine. He's had the best training special forces, I.S.A. That's probably why they put him in charge of that mission. And he's gon na be home soon before you know it. And when he is Well, when he is, I'll tell him, okay? As hard as it's gon na be, I'll tell him that I made a terrible mistake and that we have to get an annulment because I'm still in love with you. God. I just wish that you never married him in . Damn it, how is it that I can not remember what happened this summer. how I ever proposed to that psycho? (Groans) Shawn, what is it? What's wrong? It's fine. What? I just got one of those headaches. I just all right, look, just I'm going to leave you to your dinner. I'm gon na go, all right? Oh, my head. No. No. Come here and sit down. No, I'm good. Before you pass out. No, no I-I. Come on. What the heck is wrong with me? Well, for starters, I bet you haven't eaten all day. No, come to think of it. Well, it's no wonder. You really should be taking better care of yourself, Shawn. No, I'm fine. I'm fine. I know, need to eat. No, really, Belle, I don't want to eat. Don't argue with me. Okay? Here. I feel better already. Here. Have some more. Oh, sh Oh Aah Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. It's okay, it's okay, it's all right. That's a new shirt, too, isn't it? It's fine. You got a club soda or something? No, club soda's not gon na get that out. Look, just take it off, and let me soak it before the stain sets in. Here. Oh, it's all over your pants. Boy, I don't suppose you want those, do you? Hand' em over. Are you are you serious? We're adults here. I think I can handle it. All right., a friend of the family. I doubt that very much, because anyone who knows Belle knows that she would never cheat on my son. If you don't believe me, why don't you go and see for yourself? But you better do it now, while you have a chance to stop it. So begins. phase two. This can't be true. It can't be. Belle would never do anything like that. Or would she? When it comes to Shawn. I have to find out tonight. I have to find out before it's too late. He's still asleep. Maybe I could go and get back before he wakes up. I told him that I would watch out for his daughter. Can I really risk leaving him alone? Oh, God. I have to do this for Philip. I have to. Kate. Katherine? Who's there? The answer to your prayers. us. Not tonight, not ever. No, because with Billie, it's always a problem. You know, in a couple of days, this will all be over with. Once Mickey files the necessary papers with the court, she'll be free to live wherever she wants. Which is where, exactly? Not my problem. She'll figure something out. But until then, we're stuck with her. Unless you want to risk sending her to jail, which I'm sure you don't. You wan na bet? Oh, come on, Hope, I know you better than that. We can't put her out in the street, not tonight. Oh, right, I forgot. It's your anniversary. Oh.  Excuse me, I hate to interrupt. I'm sure you do.  Hope, you're making a big mistake, and if I were you, I'd find out what my plan was for Sami. Now you know. What? You have nothing to say? I'm speechless. Well, that's a first. This is incredible. Amazing. Outrageous. Beautiful. I knew it wouldn't last. Bold, audacious, and so crazy, it just might work. Boss, you've topped even yourself. You are now officially the evil genius to end all evil geniuses. I mean, getting Sami Sami Brady to do your dirty work I mean, how brilliant is that? Who else in Salem? Who else could even have the capacity to be as mean and as rotten as you are? No offense. No offense taken. And and even if she makes a mistake, even if she screws up, even if she gets caught, she takes the rap. Our hands are clean. Your hands are clean. But you know what the best part of it many enemies, and her alter ego Stan could wipe out half of Salem before they even know what hit them. I asked you a question. Who the hell are you, and how'd you get in here? Never mind that. I heard you need a fix. I know just how far you're willing to go to get it. Sami's voice You're a junkie. You've always said that knowledge is power, John, and this knowledge is going to make me very powerful. Look what I have for you. So you're a drug pusher. And you're a drug user. I'd say that works out perfectly. I don't need' em. I don't need that. I'm clean. Ha ha. Yeah, right. Tell me you can resist. I don't think so. So, where's Kate? What'd you do with her? Kate's not here most. So you see, it's just you and me. and our little friends. Get out of here. Take the drugs, John. I know you want' em. You know you need' em. I said get outta here Get outta here What the hell are you talking about? Dude, this wound it's deeper than I thought. You're gon na need stitches. I'll survive. Yeah, I know, but but this mission is over. The hell it is I have been given a job, and I'm gon na do it, you got that? Take it easy. I've come too far to bail out now, Jake. Lives are at stake here, and I'm not talking about ours. You're right. I know. Plus, you got that beautiful new bride waiting for you back home. Can't disappoint her, right . Oh, my God. I can't believe we're really here. I could not wait to have you back in my arms. I can tell. We didn't even make it to the bedroom. Laughs I missed you so much. I missed you, too. I can't tell you how happy and relieved I am that you're home safe and sound Philip, you're hurt. What happened? Ah, no, no, no, nothing. Sweetie, I'm fine. It's okay. It's not nothing. You could've been killed over there. But I wasn't. And I wasn't because your love got me home. I would've done anything to get back to you. Anything. The thought of losing you. hold me, Philip, and don't ever let me go. (Machine-gun-fire) It won't be long now, sweetheart. Here. You can wear 's? Yeah. Um, so how's your headache? It's better. Thanks. Who's that? I have no idea. Let me clean this up a little bit. Ahem. Kate. Hi, honey, I'm sorry to bother you. What the hell is going on here? Uh. excuse me? Billie, I'll handle this.  No. No, I will not just sit out there while you two are fighting over me, especially when Hope is so wrong. None of this is Bo's fault. You should not be blaming him for anything. I'm the one who asked for his help. That is exactly right. So why can't you just go back to Jennifer's for one night?  I'm going to do that. I'm outta here, Hope. No, wait a minute. That will not happ how many times do we have to go . I'm sure you don't want that, especially with our daughter still missing. And once my wife calms down, I'm sure she'll admit she doesn't want that, either. I'd like to finish the conversation I was having with my husband in private. if that's not asking too much.  Nope. Not at all. No, I'll just be right out there, trying to keep my ears from burning. Let me ask you something. Were you thinking of her when you bought me this dress? What? Or maybe you haven't noticed that I hardly ever wear sea foam green. Now, that's ridiculous. You know damn well she doesn't mean anything to me.  I don't mean anything to him. Did you hear that, Billie? Get over it. He's with Hope, and he always will be. Face it, Bo. The truth is, in way or the as long as she's in our lives. You're wrong. This is only gon na last for a couple of days, but only if it's okay with you. I'm not gon na push it. Are you saying you're leaving the decision up to me? Yep. So what's it gon na be? Does she stay, or does she go? (Explosion) Come here. From what I can see, the enemy headquarters is an abandoned building in the northwest quadrant right here. I also believe this is a training camp for the mercenary army. Now, job number one is find out where the hell these mercenaries for hire are coming from, and take their asses out. You know, this is a pretty densely populated area. So what? So how are we gon na get past the enemy strongholds? Dude, it's suicide. How could you do this? How could you be unfaithful to your No, it's not what you think. Shawn just spilled some sauce on his clothes, I offered to wash them, and I gave him something to wear in the meantime. Scoffs That's Philip's robe. I gave that to him. I wonder how he would feel about having you wear it right now. I wonder how he would feel about all of this going on behind his back. It was just dinner, that's all. Oh, dinner, that's all? Just between the two of you? Oh, with candlelight? Well, you know something? I don't think he would be too happy about that. I think you should be ashamed of yourself, Belle. All right, would you just stop this, please? She has nothing to be ashamed of. She didn't do anything wrong. No, you did. Because you knew she was alone, and you knew she was vulnerable, and you took . Now, don't be angry at Shawn. Nothing happened. No, well, I'm sure it's not for lack of trying because he's been after you ever since you got engaged to Philip. Have you forgotten the fact that he crashed his motorcycle through the stained-glass window at the church at your wedding, nearly killing you both? Because of his alcohol and drug-induced rage. Well, maybe you're drunk now, or maybe you're on drugs' cause that could be the only reason the only reason for you to stoop so low. Get outta here. I'll kill you. Thinking Oh, my God, John's gon na kill me. Who are you? Oh, you lousy scum. You burst into my house with those drugs. who the hell are you? I told you I came to help you. And this is how you thank me? For the last time, get outta here, or Looks like you're in a little pain there, pops. Maybe you need these after all. Hang in there, John. You just be strong. You can be strong tomorrow. One little pill, that's all it would take, and you would feel so much better. Get outta my house. All right, sure, I'll go. But I'll be a nice guy, leave these here with you. Sooner or later, I know you're gon na want' em. And when you do, remember, there's plenty more where that came from. Why are you doing this? Why else? For the money. You don't think such high-quality stash comes cheap. And this. should just about cover it. Shawn does not take drugs. They were found in his system right after the crash. And if he can't admit that he has a problem, he's even more hopeless than I in someone like this when your husband is a genuine hero who's out risking his life for his country right now, Belle? You just married him. You just promised to spend the rest of your life loving him. I'm so sorry. You're sorry? I would never deliberately wan na hurt Philip, not for anything, but I I've made a really big mistake. What the hell are you talking about? There are things that you don't know, okay? You've been wrong about Shawn. We've all been wrong about Shawn. He's not a drunk or an addict. He has no idea how those drugs got in his system any more than he knows how he ended up with Jan. Really? Is that what he's telling you? It's the truth. Someone must have drugged him without him knowing it before he crashed into that church. It's the only explanation. Okay, I know something like that if he was in his right mind. And he hasn't been ever since his first accident, and probably before that. We think Jan must have done something to him. But Jan has always been obsessed with Shawn. And I think somehow she manipulated all of us so that she could finally be with him, and I would marry Philip. Really? I don't recall her taking a gun, putting it against your head, and forcing you to marry my son. You're right. I take full responsibility for that, okay? Philip was really good to me, and things were so hard. And I love him so much for being there for me when I needed him so desperately. And I still love him. I'M. I'm just not in love with him. I'm sorry. I don't believe I'm hearing this. Kate No No, not one word from you. Philip was once at all? Philip's family. He's Belle's husband. I don't know how the two of you can even live with yourselves. We're not gon na go behind Philip's back, okay? Yes, Shawn and I have realized that we're still in love with each other, and we made a horrible mistake. But we're not gon na be together romantically or as a couple while Philip's off thinking What? Thinking thinking that his wife is true to him? I'm gon na talk to him first. You're gon na talk to him first. You're gon na call him on the telephone and tell him this? You're gon na tell him this when he's over there, you're gon na break his heart. Do you know what that's going to do to him? Right now, he needs all of his strength and all of his wits just to survive. Do either of you care about don't give a damn if he ends up dead all because of you? We all knew this mission was dangerous when we volunteered for it. Obviously, to get to where we need to go, a fire fight is unavoidable. Do you have a problem with that? A fire fight? Phil, we have to go right through this square. Look, we'd be sitting ducks. It's wide open. You're right. That's why I have to go alone. So, what's your answer? You already know what my answer is. You said it yourself. I don't have a choice. I don't wan na be the one responsible for sending Billie back to jail. So she can stay? For a day or two, that's it. And we can get back to our romantic evening together. In your dreams, buddy. That's right, John. You deserve (Thinking) This is gon na be so much fun. He had no idea it was me his own stepdaughter Sami. I am gon na have my revenge. Well, Sami's out for revenge, and I'm out for blood. Together we'll be Salem's worst nightmare. Kate I need you, Kate. I need you to help me. Help me, Kate. I'm sorry. I can't do this not with your ex-wife in the next room, Bo. Hope. I don't care what Kate says. We have to move on with our lives. And that includes Philip. Otherwise, we're all just gon na end up miserable. 
Why is Brady taking such a long time to get back? He's been gone for over an hour. Brady says he doesn't care what I look like, that he loves me and even though I'm grateful for that, I do care. I just hope that this Dr. Travis Brady found can work miracles on my face. Did I just hear my name called? Wow, you look amazing. But why are you so dressed up? Is there another wedding that I don't know about or maybe a Last Blast or coronation? Chloe, your curiosity can only be satisfied by putting this on and coming with me. I hope Philip sleeps through the night without too much pain. These are the flowers that Philip gave me when he left to go overseas. My mom had a flower like this in her bouquet. I've got to stop thinking about Shawn. It's totally disloyal to Philip. And he's the one who needs me. John, there about the baby. (Telephone-rings) Just let it ring. It might be Belle or Philip. Yeah, you're right. It is Izzy. Hey, Izzy. Hey, dad, how you doing? I couldn't be better. After all, I'm gon na be a father again. You probably called to talk to your mom. Well, actually, I called to talk to both of you. But is she still there? Yeah, she's right here. Um. here. Hold on a second. Love you. Love you, too, dad. Thanks. Hi, sweetie. How's Philip? He's asleep. He's okay. He's just sleeping. He's sleeping. Um, I'm gon na take this on the balcony. Excuse me, please. Are you all right? Uh, I'm out on the balcony, hi. I was calling to still haven't told dad yet about the baby. No, no, I haven't. I-I was just about to, and I'm having a little bit of a hard time putting the words together. I can't bear the thought of hurting him so. Mom, he loves you. It's gon na be all right, but you can't wait any longer. You have to tell dad that the baby you're carrying is Roman's. Hey, how's it going? Tony sent this message. You know he's expecting us to come look for him and your parents and your daughter. We got ta stay one step ahead of him, Bo. But now that we're working together, I think we can do it. I think we can do it. I hate to be a naysayer, but I wouldn't count on it. () Mom, you are still gon na tell him, right? Kate and Roman are still here. Oh, wow. Do you need some moral support? I can be there in a few minutes. No, thank you. I think I have to handle this on my own. I think you're being awfully hard on yourself. You and Roman were held prisoner. You didn't know if Tony was gon na let you go or if he was gon na let you live. I think it's completely understandable that you two would turn to each other. But do you see? If I had just told him in the beginning as soon as I came home, it would have been so much easier. Now it now it kind of looks as though I'm telling him because I got caught. Oh Oh, Belle, take this lesson. You want to always, always be honest with your husband. Yeah, I'll take your advice, mom. And call me if you need anything, know. I know. Thank you, honey. I love you. Bye-bye. Bye, mom. Shawn-D. Belle. I overheard. I come up to this roof a lot. It just. reminds me of us. Shawn, please don't say anything, okay? This is hard enough on my mom as it is. Shawn-D. It's hard on my uncle Roman, too. Yes, it is. God, what is wrong with my family? It's like we're cursed or something. Every time I think everything's gon na be okay again, I this baby could ruin my mom and dad's marriage. So, was Belle excited about having a baby in the family? Oh. Belle is incredibly supportive. I'm feeling, uh. a little tired. I'd like to lie down. Would it be all right if we went upstairs and had some time alone? We should really be going Thank you both for coming by. Could you see yourself out? Good night. Sighs Roman? Roman, are we leaving? Kate, I'm sorry. I know you can't possibly understand this, but I'm not going anywhere right now. Tired? Mm. Look, if you want to wait until the morning to talk, it's fine with me. We have to have this talk now. What I have to tell you can't wait one more day. The truth just can't wait one more minute. The truth about what? Wait a minute. Why do you want me to get dressed up? Where do you want to take me? You have nothing to worry about. I put together an amazing outfit for you. Brady, just because I saw a few friends doesn't mean that I'm ready to go to some big public event. Is that what you have in mind? so well at the wedding party at Chez Rouge, I just it felt like your official coming out. Oh. well, after I've had the surgery with Dr. Travis, you can take me anywhere you want. Can you just be patient with me until then? Me, patient? All right, fine. But we still do have a problem. What is it? Well, Chloe, I bought this dress for you, and I would really love it if you would put it on for me. Will you. just for me? Chuckles Yeah, only because it makes you happy because let's be completely clear here I'm really not going anywhere. Okay, fine, deal, just got the message. Chloe, as long as I have this, I don't have to take you anywhere. Another bottle. Mmm, I smell something wonderful cooking. You mean " warming, " do so sorry, Bo, but it's takeout. The wine is good. I'm glad the wine's good. Hey, Jack, about what you said before. What, that you'd never find DiMera, let alone stop him? Yeah, that. Do you know something we don't know? Oh, I don't know, Hope, maybe something that you're conveniently forgetting. like no one can beat Tony DiMera at his own game, and let's face it, this is his game, his best game the ultimate hide-and-seek, and he's already won it. I will not accept that. He knows where my daughter is. I'm gon na find her. What if it were Abby? If it was Abigail, I'd spend the rest of my life hunting him down. Exactly what I'm saying. Bo, how much time have you already spent trying to hunt him down? You Right, and you almost got killed every time, so I'm with Jack. You two are so important to us. We don't want to lose you. Can't you understand that? I understand, but just hold on a second. I got something here that might reassure you a little bit. Got it in this locked cabinet. Jack, Jen, meet our reinforcements. Whoa. Those aren't reinforcements. Those are major. That's impressive. Are you Rambo with these guns, Bo? Jen, it's okay. We know what we're doing. It is not okay. It is not okay. I am not going to lose another member of my family. I understand that, Jen. We've lost way too many people. The only way to stop this is to stop DiMera. Otherwise, we'll be sitting ducks for the rest of our lives. My family, your family how would you How can you even say that? I don't want to hurt your feelings, but it's happened before. This is reality, Hope. What if he took Jack again? He is not taking my husband again. My husband is not going anywhere. I will not lose him to Tony, or anyone else, for that matter. Isn't that right, Jack? I'm not gon na lose you again, will I? Shawn-D. Your mom and dad love each other too much to let this ruin their marriage. My mom is carrying Roman's child. How is my dad gon na get over that? Shawn-D. All I know is that when my parents found out J.T. wasn't their biological son, that didn't matter. We couldn't help but love him. Shawn, this is totally different. This is like history repeating itself. I mean, you know what happened when I was born. I broke up my 'd had an affair with my dad. Shawn-D. Okay, what's happened here between your mom and my uncle Roman it's not like an affair. It's like they were stranded on a desert island, and they didn't know that they were going to be rescued. It's only natural that they turn to each other, especially after the history they've had with one another. They were married, they've had kids, and they always were close, even after the divorce. And that's exactly the part that I think my dad's gon na have a hard time with. There was all this leftover jealousy, even though so many years have gone by. My mom and dad could get a divorce, just like my mom and Roman did. And Sami always blamed me for breaking up her parents. She was right. Shawn-D. You were a baby. I just want to protect my parents. Shawn-D. You are doing everything you can . I'm just so afraid for them. Shawn-D. It's gon na be all right. I can't. I can't do this. Shawn-D. We didn't plan that. It's what your heart wants. That's what we both want. We love each other, and we want to be together. I am Philip's wife, and this can't keep happening. If I didn't understand before the importance of honoring my vows, I definitely do now. I mean, look at what's happening to my family. Shawn-D. I've been thinking about that. And you're right. I think you should stay with Philip. Roman, John didn't invite us to stay. He asked us to see our way out. They're having a baby. I think they want to be alone. Come on, let's go. I think I'll make a pot of coffee. Are you out of your mind can get some coffee out. Not just for you and me for John and Marlena, too. Roman, Marlena is pregnant. I don't think she's going to be drinking any coffee for a long time. Well, still, Kate, John might want some. What the hell is going on with you? Clearly, you know something that I don't. What is it? Something's wrong, isn't it? Downstairs, you said you wanted to tell me something about the baby? Come on. Talk to me. Is there some kind of complication with this pregnancy? Kate. I wish to hell I could spare you. I wish I could spare us all. Is is it about Marlena's baby? Yes. There's no easy way to say this. John. the baby. the baby. is. Roman's. not yours. Brady treats me like a queen. I just wish I didn't have these nasty scars so I could really look the way that Brady sees me. What's this? I've never seen this before. Gasps Oh, my gosh, this must have belonged to Brady's mother. What? No, this can't be possible. I'm just seeing what I want to see. It can't be. It can't. Oh, my God. Brady? Brady You're not gon na believe this. Chloe. you weren't supposed to come out here until I was finished. Brady You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life. Brady, the scars are gone. It's your inner beauty shining through. I was wondering how long it would take you to see that. I I want to believe this, Brady, but you're gon na have to help me understand. I don't think I understand it myself. The seeing yourself through my eyes the way I see you. And you're absolutely beautiful. Jennifer, Tony DiMera's not gon na take me away from my family. I mean it. Look at me. I've never been more serious. Tony DiMera is not gon na take me from my family. I have it on the best authority. Oh, excuse us. She's just a little in love here. Yes, that's right, I am. And so are they. Hey, Jack, want to give me a hand up on deck? Sure. Sure. Aye, aye, captain. Jen. I understand what you're going through. I know you do. We have all suffered so much this past year. I don't even feel like I could be the same person again. I feel like I am constantly afraid all the time. I know what you mean. But we are going to beat never had a case they couldn't solve. That is the power of teamwork. Let's toast to that. It's good to have you back, man. Thanks. Good to be back. Didn't mean to hurt Jen's feelings, but I had a point to make that DiMera is dangerous. Hope and I we got ta hunt him down. Well, listen, Bo. why don't you go to Interpol? Why don't you go to the I.S.A.? No, no. I've got history with DiMera. I'm a bit more motivated. He might know where my mom is, Victor, a daughter I've never seen. I'm gon na find him and make him talk. If that's the way you feel, take me with you. I'll help you. I'd love to take a crack at the guy after you're finished. After what he did to me and my family, me. I'm sure of that, but you'd be a great partner I couldn't do that to Jen. She'd worry too much. She needs you. Yeah, you're right. She nee she needs me. Yeah. Oh. Hey, Jack, whoa. Hey, man, you all right? You want me to stay with Philip? Really? Where did that come from? Shawn-D. Been doing a lot of thinking. I tried to put myself in his place, which is not an easy thing to do because I love you so much, but Sighs he has a hell of an adjustment to go through right now. He lost his leg, and he has to learn how to walk again. And he has to be in a good place to do that. If you were to separate from him right now, that would kill his spirits. Shawn. Shawn-D. Hold on. Um don't have to be Mrs. Philip Kiriakis forever. You have to be there long enough to help him recover so he can have a good life. He deserves that. So, how would this work, exactly? Shawn-D. Okay, well, he has to get an artificial leg, right? And that's gon na take some time for him to get used to it because it has to be a part of him. We want Philip to be strong so he can go on with his life. Without me. Shawn-D. Without you as his wife. You can still be his friend. I don't know. He's really vulnerable right now. Shawn-D. Of course he is, but that's not gon na last forever. Eventually, he's gon na want to get some work. And when he feels emotionally ready to do that I dump him? Shawn-D. You are making an incredible sacrifice right now because you love me and same sacrifice that I am making. And I am willing to wait until Philip is ready to go on without you by his side. I don't know that he's ever gon na be ready for that. Shawn-D. I believe he will ,' cause he is a survivor. Okay, so, what about my wedding vows, huh? What about that? Shawn-D. People separate. It happens. Yeah, well, maybe it shouldn't. Maybe the world would be a better place if people actually honored their vows and their commitments. Shawn-D. What about love? Do we really know what real love is? Shawn-D. You are really starting to scare me right now because I know that I love you. You love me, right? Yes, I do. You know I do. But I do love Philip. I do, just not in the same way. And breaking up with him right now Shawn-D. Not now, as it takes. You'd do that for me? Shawn-D. I would do anything for you. because I love you. And I will never love anyone else. Clears throat This baby is. Roman's. Roman's. Roman's. Clears throat I don't understand. I'm gon na need some help with this. How can you be pregnant with Roman's child? I know how excited you were. I hate I hate telling you this. I hate hurting you like this. Oh, my aching back. That man took advantage of you in DiMera's castle. That's what that lousy comment was about. He never got used to losing you to me all those years ago. No, you can't blame Roman for this. That isn't what happened. Then what happened? Sobbing He tried to sleep with you before. Every new tragedy is a fresh opportunity for the man. you The island When he begged you to " make love to me one last time " remember? He thought he was dying. Well, he didn't die, did he? But you almost said yes. I remember that much. You made love to her? Kate, we were prisoners. My God, we didn't know whether we were gon na be alive from one day to the next. So the whole time that John and I were here mourning our spouses, the two of you were. No, Kate, not the whole time one time. I mean, my God, we were chained together. We were sleeping together in the same bed every night. We didn't think we'd ever get out of DiMera's castle, and then he was good enough to show us a live feed of you and John in bed together. What a sweet treat that was. Oh, my God . I regret that it happened. I'd give anything if this baby were yours. Does he know? I asked you a question, damn it. Does he know that you are pregnant with his baby? He he he does know that. Oh, that smug son of a bitch. I'm so sorry. No, please don't do it. John, don't (Gasping) When John and I turned to each other, we thought you were dead. But you didn't have that excuse because you knew that we were alive. Kate has a damn good point. I can't believe that you still have this. Our connection was never broken, Chloe. Even when I thought you were dead, I always tried to remember all the wonderful times we had together. You have really made this night magical. But how did you have a chance to do all this when we were planning on going out . It was? Mm-hmm. We don't need chandeliers and a 12-piece orchestra to make magic. We just need the two of us. You happy? You can't imagine. Oh, I think I can. I feel like Cinderella at the ball with her handsome prince. Oh. What's wrong? I shouldn't have said that. Why not? You know, at midnight, Cinderella's coach turns into a pumpkin, and her dress turns into rags. Do we have to leave? Can't we just stay here forever? We can. You just have to believe. Okay, do me a favor. Go stand in that doorway up there. Why do you want me to stand in the doorway? Go ahead just go stand in the doorway. Okay. Okay. Now, uh, turn around and look outside. All right, but it's dark outside. I'm Oh, my God, Brady, it's a miracle. Actually, it's a snow machine. I rented it from Green Mountain Lodge. But, hey, it's the thought that counts, right? Oh, my God, you did all this for me? Whatever it takes to make you happy. As you wish. Hey, man, you need some help? Oh, no, no, no. I'm okay. It's just this damn disk. The real problem is I just hate not being a teenager anymore, you know what I mean? Yeah. Seriously, Bo, I got knocked around pretty bad when DiMera was holding me prisoner. Why didn't you say something? I wouldn't have asked you to help me if I knew you were hurting. No, no, it just comes and goes. I forget about it myself I really do. Just the same, don't the handle and get all bent out of shape and make me stay in bed for a week. Yeah. Yeah. Don't freak out, now, okay? But there's something I need to ask you about actually, remind you about. Have a cookie. No, I don't want a cookie. What is it? In the extremely unlikely event unlikely, okay? If something should happen to Bo and me it won't. But if it did. But if it did, you and Jack promised that you would raise Zach as your own, remember? Are you still up for that? Yeah, are you kidding? Of course we would. Okay, good. Thank you. I'm gon na have another cookie. No. Promise me that you are not gon na let anything happen to you. I promise you. Groaning Hey, guys, look at this I yet. Would you like some? Ah, yeah. Ah, thank you. You know, I'm thinking, Tony DiMera or no, I'm a little jealous of you two sailing off into the blue. It makes me think of our old antics, huh? Yeah. Yeah, they were fun times. But my favorite part about them was always coming back home. What was that? You guys stay put. Wh Hey. Oh, man, it's easy to get lost out here. Yeah, well, who you looking for? Bo Brady. That would be me. Just sign here. Okay. Have a good one. Yeah, thanks. What's in the box? Don't know. Bo, be careful. Hey. someone thinks a lot of me. Wow, I'd savor every drop. Whoever got you that bottle the card say? " Bon voyage and happy hunting. " No name? No name. We don't need one. We know who it's from. DiMera. No. No It was all just a dream. It wasn't a dream. In my eyes, you will always be beautiful. Shawn. I can't let you do this for me. Shawn-D. I want to. I'll wait for as long as it takes Philip to become himself again. What if he never stops needing me? Shawn-D. I don't believe that. I believe he will reach a point, and you will know. I don't know. Shawn-D. Come here. We're still soul mates. just like we were when we carved our initials on that door. We belong together, and that will never change. Plus, you're worth waiting for. I can't let you put your life on . Don't say that. Shawn-D. I would wait forever. The only thing that I ask. is that you're faithful to us. So you want me to be married to Philip, but you just don't want me to make love to him. Shawn-D. I realize that, that is a very difficult thing to want. Oh, my God. Shawn-D. What is it? What's wrong? I think I'm gon na be sick. Shawn-D. What? Ugh. Shawn-D. Belle. Anyone could have sent that champagne. I wish we would have thought of it. Let me see the card one more time. I mean, there's nothing on this that screams DiMera. There's no Phoenix crest. Jennifer, I don't think I'd drink that champagne now for any amount of money. I'm with you, Jack. Let's go back down below. (Explosion) You okay, Hope, we just got it. No, Kate, get back Stop it Stop Easy, easy, careful Doc Aah Oh Oh, God My God, call 9-1-1 quick.  I wouldn't mind being with an older, much more experienced woman. Marlena? John, I need you to stand back. If that's your idea of an apology, you really need to work on it. I said I was sorry. Now go to hell. Jennifer's all mine now, and there's not a damn thing you can do. If something's worth holding onto, I never let it go. 
Chuckles Glad you stopped by.  I'm glad you invited me. Nothing better than a cold dip on a hot night. My thoughts exactly.  You know what the best part about swimming at night is? What?  No one can see what happens underwater. Yeah, sorry I wasn't much help in decoding the latest DiMera riddle.  Well, thanks for trying. Ah, who could concentrate in this heat, anyway? I know. I know. I'm sorry about no air-conditioning. My mom was supposed to save up for it once, but, you know, she blew all the cash on a trip to Vegas.  Laughs Well, at least we got the pool. That water is gon na feel so. good. I've warned him to stay away from her. I'm through talking to this kid.  Wait, wait, Patrick. Don't take a swing at him. It'll only make matters worse. Look, I help. Here's what we're gon na do. I'm here Did you thank your mom for watching Jack Jr.? Oh, yeah, yeah. I thanked her, but she thanked me all the way home. It seems that grandpa Vern is very taken with our tiny man, and Vern says, why don't you and I go out more often and leave the baby with him? That's very sweet. It is sweet. It's. it's, uh what's wrong? Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. No, you're not. You're upset. You're still upset about what happened at Bo and Hope's boat. Yeah, I am upset. It scared me half to death, Jack. What if Bo had opened the champagne bottle instead of throwing it in the trash? That could have blown up in his face. It could have killed all of us . He was suspicious, we were suspicious, we threw it away, and nobody got hurt. Yes, but it was a warning from Tony DiMera, and now Bo and Hope are after him anyway. Of course they are. They're cops. That's what they do. It's like Hope says " we know what we're doing. " And they do. They're gon na be all right. Well, I don't know if they're gon na be all right. But I am glad that you didn't offer to go help them. Actually, I did. What? Are you crazy? Why would you even do that? Look, if anybody's got an axe to grind with Tony DiMera, I do. He kept me away from my family and from my job, from my li my life for a year and a half. The bastard was he. and it's time that I matter what, I can't get that time back. I know that you are angry, and so am I, but please tell me that you are not still entertaining that idea. Huh? No, no, no. Bo wouldn't let me go. Good. I'm glad to hear that, because wait a minute. Since when did you ever let anyone tell you no to anything? Come on, tell me how long. At least manage that much. How many damn years do I have left? If I had to guess, maybe. three months. Actually, I'm glad that Bo turned me down. Really? You're glad? I'm glad. I'm glad because it affords me the chance to be home, here with my wife and my family, and there's no place I'd rather be where I'm gon na stay here with my wife and my beautiful family. , and I want you to tell me what it is right now. You just hang in there, sweetheart. You're gon na be just fine. She fell down the stairs. I'm going in. No, you wait out here. Lexie, she's pregnant. Okay, we'll do everything we can. Ugh John, how is she? What did Lexie say? Kate, get him out of here. John, calm down. You know I have every right to be here. Get him out of here. Roman, let's give him some space, all right? Roman I know you're concerned, okay? But John has so much to deal with right now. Dad? Oh, thank God. Dad, Belle called me. She told me that mom fell down the stairs? Yeah, they just brought her in. We don't know anything yet fall? Oh, my God. Belle told me that Kate was there. You had something to do with this, didn't you? Oh, don't be ridiculous. What did you do, push her down the stairs so you could get back together with your ex-lover? Sami, don't start. Kate had nothing to do with it. What happened is my fault. Dad. I hope Marlena's gon na be all right. Shawn-D. Yeah, me too. Hey, thanks for driving us. Belle's kind of a wreck. She couldn't have handled it. Shawn-D. I was just glad I was around to help. When the call came in from my mom, I was asleep. When I woke up, Belle wasn't there. Then all of a sudden she rushes through the door, runs in the bathroom, and gets sick. Shawn-D. Well, I know that she wasn't feeling well. were up on the roof with her, right? She told me. What she didn't tell me is why. Dad, how is she? Have you heard anything? No, baby. We just got here. Lexie's in there with her now. (Monitor-beeping) Pupils are dilated. Marlena, it's Lexie. I'm here, okay? We're going to take care of you, but you have to hang in there, okay? I know you will. You're strong. You're a survivor. You'll get through this. (Beeping-rapidly) BP is 170/110. She's at risk of a heart attack or stroke or seizure if we don't (Beeping-continues) ()  We got company. Great. Just what we needed.  Don't worry. I'll get rid of her. Take your time, honey. Hey, mind if I join you? Not at all. It's your pool.  trying to cool off a little bit. But let me guess you'd rather I did it somewhere else.  Actually, Chelsea and I were sort of having some alone time together.  Well, looks like she's talking to Patrick now. But if you want me to go. no problem. I'll just go take a cold shower.  No, actually, on second thought, what's your hurry? I think now's the time we should get to know each other a little. I need four grams of magnesium sulfate. Yes, doctor. (Monitor-beeping-rapidly) Is my mom okay? They're doing everything they can. Dr. Carver will be out to speak to you as soon as possible. It's okay. It's okay. How could you have anything to do with this? How is it your fault? Because I got your mother pregnant. And now not only could she lose the baby, she and not John? I'm afraid so. You and mom. oh, Kate, you did do something. Now it all makes sense to me. You wanted my mom to lose the baby because you were jealous. So what? If she does lose the baby, my little brother or sister's blood will be on your hands. So, what's the story? Why don't you tell me what happened up on the roof? Shawn-D. There is no story. It was 100 degrees in my loft, so I went up to the roof to get some air, and Belle was up there on the phone, and she was upset. About what, the baby? Shawn-D. I don't know. Are you sure about that? Yeah, I didn't think so. If something's going on with my wife, I want to know about it. Shawn-D. Well, maybe you should talk to her then, because it Okay, so, you and Roman were arguing, and mom got upset and fell down the stairs? Yeah, that's what happened. And what were you and Roman arguing about? Look, baby, I don't want to upset you any more than you already are, okay? All right, you need to know the truth. Your mother. told me that, um, that, uh, the baby that she's Clears throat she's carrying it's Roman's. I know. So, you knew, too? Dad, I just figured out she was pregnant. She told me the rest. She was a wreck. She didn't know what to do. She wanted to tell you. She just didn't know how. She is my wife. I am her husband. She should be able to tell me anything. She was afraid, dad afraid of losing you. especially since the father of the marry. What difference could that possibly make? I don't know. None of that matters right now. All that matters is that mom and that baby are okay. (Monitor-beeping) John. Bring him in, okay? Marlena. just relax, okay? Just try to relax. She's right in there. Marlena, it's John. I'm right here. I'm so sorry. Something's going on? Nothing's going on. There's something going on, because you are not acting like yourself. I'm acting like myself. No, you're not. You're acting different. And I don't know what it is, but you don't have your spunk. It's gone. You are acting completely preoccupied all the time. Please. Gone. Spunk. In the words of the great Lou Grant, " I hate spunk. " I do. I assure you, I this moment. I just I'm tired. That's all. I'm just I'm still tired after this whole DiMera debacle. But tired or no, I'm glad to be back with my family. I'm glad to be have here with Breathing heavily family. What is it? What's wrong? Are you okay? I'm, uh. yeah, it's just. I think I got a migraine coming on. That's it it's a migraine. Just sit here. Close your eyes. I'll get you some aspirin. Sure. That's okay. It's a it's a migraine. That's all. Just. Panting Oh, please, God, please don't don't do this to me not now. Okay. Mmm don't take me now. Not like this. (Grunts) Come on. Oh. Not like this, God. Jack, here. . All right, I know Lexie said that you were fine, but I think that we should call her. Maybe if you just go in one more time and just see what she says. I am fine. I'm fine. Just let these babies kick in, and I'll be fine. I'll be back to my old self. Or my new old self the self that you think is now my new old self that's like my other. self. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'll be fine. Just let me. I'm fine. Oh, my gosh. I think there's someone in the garage. So. that's where you were hiding. I'm glad you didn't get ruined. I wanted you to know that I'll still love you. I always will. Frankie, don't you know? Know what? I love you, too we had this conversation. Chuckles Me too. (Rustling) Freeze Don't move I'm calling the police Okay, take it easy. It's me. Gasps Oh, my gosh. Frankie, oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry. Are you okay? I'm fine. Oh, are you sure you're okay? Yeah, I'm okay. I hurt a little, but I'm okay. Chuckling I'm sorry. So, what are you and Billie up to? Oh, I was just helping her with a little project. Thought we'd maybe take a little break, cool off. Yeah, same with me and Max. though I have to admit, I did have something else in mind when I invited him over tonight.  So, what's a big hotshot race-car driver like you doing with a little nobody like Chelsea? You could get any girl you wanted, But, to be honest, I wouldn't mind being with an older, much more experienced woman someone like you, for instance. So, what else did you have in mind, or would I rather not know? It's not what you think. See, there's this dance contest tonight at Alice's, and the winner gets a car. Okay, what does that have to do with Max? Well, I wanted him to enter with me so that I could win. I mean, I could really use a set of wheels. And I told Max that I'd do anything if he would. You did what? What, are you crazy? What the hell are you talking about? Don't play dumb with me, Kate. You did do something to my mother, and it's because you were jealous. Sami. You are so insane. I was happy for your mother, Sami thought that John was the father. But when you found out that my dad was that baby's father, you just couldn't handle it, could you? Because it proves that my mom and dad belong together, and they still love each other Knock it off. Stop the nonsense and calm down right now. Your mother fell. It was an accident. She had told John about the baby, he confronted me, we got into it, your mother got upset, lost her balance, and tripped. End of story. Dad. Sami, Sami I said, " end of story. " (Door-slams) Kate, I'm sorry. Oh, well, don't be sorry. It really is the same old story, isn't it? Sami's looking for someone to blame, and it's usually me. Look, I know we haven't had a chance to talk about There's really nothing to talk about pregnant. The two of you made love knowing full well that John and I were alive. But you know the worst part of it all is that you kept it from us. Kate, I'm j No, I'm sorry. But I honestly don't have words for it. I don't even know what to think about it. I do know that I need some time, though, if you'll excuse me. Sighs Hey, sweetheart? How's your mom doing? I don't know. My dad just went in. All right, look. All you can do is try not to worry and trust that she's gon na be okay. I hope she is. I'm just really scared, you know? Honey, are you okay? It's just this ulcer is just bothering me really bad. Are you sure that's all it is ?' Cause Shawn told me something happened about that? Don't apologize. Don't worry about anything. We'll get all this sorted out later. I just want you to focus right now on getting well for me and the kids. and this baby. (Beeping-rapidly) Marlena? Marlena? John, I need you to stand back, okay? I'm so sorry. I didn't even know it was you. It's all right. It's okay. No, I'm fine. I blocked it, okay? Are you sure? Otherwise I'd be unconscious right now. I should have thought it was you, but I saw the light on, and I was nervous, and I didn't think. I feel terrible. I'm just a little more jittery than normal, and You are. What's going on? Oh, something happened earlier. Jack and I were on Bo and Hope's new boat with them, and I . What happened? Well, someone sent a small explosive as a bon voyage gift. An explosive? Yes, disguised as a bottle of champagne. No wonder you're freaking out. Is everyone okay? Yeah, everyone's fine, because bo got rid of it before any of us got hurt. Who the hell would do something like this? Who else? Tony DiMera. What's with that guy? I'm surprised he's still out there somewhere. What does he have, 20 lives? He took my husband away from me twice. And I will not let him do it again, Frankie. Hey, hey, hey. That's not gon na happen, okay? Jack's home for good. You're not gon na lose him. Okay. Yeah. I know you're right. You're right. Jack is not going anywhere. No, no, he's not. Chuckles That's okay. You don't have to apologize. So, what is, uh what is all this? What are you doing here? Oh, no, it's just some stuff that I picked up at the Bradys'. I was looking for something. Don't worry I'm gon na get it out of here. You were nice enough to let us stay here. I promise I won't clutter up your garage. Are you kidding me? Jack is the king of clutter. So your clutter is not gon na make much of a difference. But if you tell me what you're looking for, I can help you Jen, I got it. Gasps Oh, my goodness. Is this what you're looking for? Chuckles Ladies, you look you look wonderful. W-where are you going? Where's the. party? What's going on here? Not much of A. party after all no. No, not that picture. I know what that means. It's finally happened. I'm really, most sincerely dead.  Chelsea, Chelsea, where's Abigail? Abby won't come down. She's upstairs in her room, crying her eyes out. I don't think she'll ever be able to get over losing her dad again.  Oh, come here. No. Oh, no. Dad, I can't believe he's gone. I mean, Jack was one of the few people in Salem that I really liked. He didn't deserve to die. Well, thank you. Sami, thank you. But I'm glad that he's gone so he doesn't have to see Patrick sinking his hooks into Jack's grieving widow. What? Wait a minute. No. I don't know what I'm gon na do without Jack. I feel so lost without him. Do You still got me. I've always been there for you. I always will be. Hey, hey Take your hands off her Or what, Jack? What are you gon na do? I mean, you're dead.  Max Brady, are you coming on to me?  Call it what you want. I want to take you out.  Aren't I a little. mature for you?  I don't know. I think we could teach each other a few things. Relax, Patrick. It's not that big of a deal. I think I have a pretty good idea of what Max might want in exchange for taking you to the dance. Yeah, and what might that be? Come on. We both know what that is. Chelsea, you don't have to do that to get a guy to go out with you. I know, but I don't really have don't have a choice? Sighs Since my parents died, I have nothing. And I really need a car so that I can drive to work and to college in the fall I mean, if I'm even able to go. This contest is my only chance. All right. I'll tell you what. I'll lend you the money for a car. I don't have much, but we can get you something. Patrick, I can't take money from you. I'm going to the dance with Max, and there's nothing that you can say to change my mind. Dad, um, I brought you some water. I thought you could use it. Thank you. Look, I'm sorry for the way I acted with Kate. I was upset. Sami, I understand that, but that's no excuse. You owe Kate an apology. Okay. Of course, if it will . All right, dad. If you want I'd do anything for you. All right. Well, I'm gon na go check on your mom. Okay Sighs Kate Clears throat I'm sorry. For? I'm sorry for accusing you of trying to kill my mother's baby. I was upset. Just save it, okay? I know your father asked you to apologize to me. You're right, he did. And unlike you, I would do anything for my dad, because I love him. Scoffs The first thing I'm gon na do is prove to him what a conniving, evil bitch he's married to. Chuckles Oh, God. And then, you are gon na end up with nothing, just like you deserve. You know, if that's your idea of an apology, you really need to work on it. I said I was sorry., tell me what happened on the roof tonight. I just want to know why you're so upset. That's all. Shawn-D. I'll wait as long as it takes. You'd do that for me? Shawn-D. I would do anything for you. because I love you. And I will never love anyone else. Uh, Shawn overheard me on the phone with my mom. He found out that the baby's father is his uncle Roman. Come on, Lexie. Talk to me. Is she okay? She's doing better. Her blood pressure's elevated, but the seizures have stopped. The baby's heart rate is normal. We'll just have to watch her very closely. Did you hear that? You're gon na be okay. We're gon na get through this. We're gon na get through this together. Clears throat Yeah, well, pop told me there might be some water damage and I just wanted to make sure everything was okay. That's all. Well, I think it's amazing that you held onto all this stuff, even if it was stored away in the Bradys' attic. Yeah, well, call me sentimental. Chuckles What about you? Do you have any old love letters and stuff? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I do. I bet I have some stuff stored away from our time together. I bet you don't have ready? What? This. Gasps Oh Oh, my gosh. Our mood rings Well, I mean, one of them, anyway. I wonder what the color black means. Oh, I don't think that could be good. (Both-laugh) Frankie, I think I lost my mood ring senior year. Really? Here, you can have this one. Oh, no, I couldn't. Do It was the night of the Springsteen concert. You managed to get tickets on the floor, and up until then, that was the greatest night of my life. Mine too. So, why did you keep all this stuff? Uh, I don't know. I don't know. I guess. I guess I wanted to give it to the girl I married. But this is stuff from our time together. Why would you want to give your wife things from another relationship? ' Cause at the time I boxed this stuff up, I thought that one day. you'd be my wife. Well Laughs Wow, that was a whole lifetime ago, wasn't it? Yeah. Way, way before Eve Donovan and all the others. Yeah, of course. Yeah. You know what? I'm glad I kept that stuff because it brings back great memories. Yeah, it sure does. So, box? I don't know. Knock yourself out. Okay. Laughs Oh, my goodness. Here. Hold that. Gasps You are kidding me. You did not hold onto this. What have I been telling you? If something's worth holding onto, I never let it go. Hey I said, " get your hands off her. " I I'm talking to you, Lockhart. You can hear me. I'm You know what? I think we ought to go. No, no, not yet. Not yet. No, not yet. I need your help. You got ta stop him. I got ta stop Lockhart that shiftless, no-good he can't get his hooks into her. Sami, Roman. Cries Mom? Mom, what is it? Are you getting a vibration? Is it about Jack?  I'm not sure, darling. Please Cross over into the light. It's me it's Jack. I'm very worried about my wife. Can you hear me now? I'm worried about Jennifer. You've got ta warn her. Lockhart is no good. She never listened to me before, and now I'm not there to protect her. Mom? What is it? Are you sensing something?  No, darling. No, I-I'm afraid not. Our dear friend Jack he is dead and gone. No. No, this can't be happening. No. I've got ta stop that creep before he gets his he's gon na get her. I've got ta do something anything. I've got ta stop him. I got ta do something. Oh, it's too late, Devereaux. Jennifer's all mine now. And there's not a damn thing you can do.  Well, thanks, Max, for the offer think it'd be such a good idea.  Come on. One little date. Where's the harm in that?  Yeah. You're right. Why not?  Well, good. I know just what we could do. There's a dance tonight down at Alice's  No, wait. Tonight?  I know it's short notice. But, look, if you can't make it, I understand. I could just take Chelsea instead. No, no, no, no. Tonight's great. Yeah. Good. Fine.  Okay, good. I'm looking forward to it. You know, I wish you'd really reconsider about this car. I'd like to help you. If you really want to help me and keep me from going with Max. then take me instead. Chelsea. Okay, never mind. Dumb idea. Just forget I said anything. I'll just, no, no. You're not going with Max. All right, look, if you really want to go to this contest so bad, I'll take you. Good. It's a date. You think you got it made now, don't you? Well, I know my wife. She's a smart lady. And eventually she'll see you for the fraud you are. Well, believe what you want, Jack. But there's one fact you need to face up to. Whether it's me or not, Jennifer will wind up with someone. And it's not gon na be you. Jennifer. Jennifer I I. Jennifer. Jennifer Jennifer Is this what I think it is? This is the tape that we made of our favorite songs? You remember? Of course I remember I loved those songs. We got ta play this. We got ta play it. tape player. I do. I have a tape player. Hold on. It's around here somewhere. Oh, here it is. I knew I had one in here. Hold on. All right. Oh, we got ta hear this It's been a long time. ( " Stand-by-me " -plays ) Laughs Oh, my goodness. This is like a blast from the past. Oh, it's like stepping back in time. Back to the good old days. When the night has come Jennifer? Where are you? And the land is dark and the moon is the only light we'll see no, I won't be afraid oh, I won't. Frankie. Honey, I don't know what to say. No wonder your ulcer's acting up. Your mother and Roman It's not what you think. I I mean, they went through a lot together. . I'm sure she does. I'm sorry, Phillip. Will you excuse me? I need to go get some water. I'm not feeling very well. Hold on a second. Are you okay? Yeah. I'll be right back. Oh. My God, what is wrong with me? Mind if I come in? Yeah, sure, just for a few minutes. I'm gon na check on some lab results. I'll be right back. How is she doing? Stable. You shouldn't be here. My father's the one who should be by her side, not you, and certainly not Kate. Sami, calm down. I want her out of here. I'm not going anywhere. You're the one who should leave. John is married to her, Sami. Oh, really? Well, my father, her first husband, is the of her child. Sami, how many times do I have to say this? That's enough. Sure as hell is. Get out of here. Stop the fighting. S (Beeping-rapidly) Easy, easy. What's wrong? Are you okay? Good job. Lexie Mom, calm down. Everyone out now I said, " out " Oh, my God. Mom You proud of yourself? Look what you did. Your mother was stable. If anything happens to her, I'm gon na hold you responsible Where do you see yourself in, say, five years? That's easy heaven. What? Lexie, is my mother gon na die? Shawn-D. What's wrong? Belle Belle Belle, what hap hey, hey. Open your eyes.  I've had a million questions for you, and you were Were you? 
So, your name is really Mary Smith, huh? Yes.  Please don't tell me your boyfriend's name is John Doe. Laughs I know. My parents weren't very imaginative when they named us kids.  You have siblings? Yeah.  Let me guess Susie and John. Unbelievable. I'm sorry. What did you say your name was again?  Becky. Rebecca. I'll make sure my boss reviews this application, Miss Smith. Thanks.  Excuse me Excuse me. You you can't be in here. ( " Deck-the-halls " -plays )  Thank you. Clears throat Well, I guess L.A. seems to be doing fine without snow.  Ohh. It's so funny to hear the L.A. drivers talk about how they wish it would snow here. You can't imagine the accidents and traffic jams they cause just driving in the rain. Can you imagine them driving in the snow? No, I ca house. Yeah. Me too. It's been great, though. helping you wrap presents and cruising around, checking out the Christmas decorations. That was fun.  Well, if you would have been here a week ago, you could have ridden in the company float with me in the holiday parade. Me with the parade wave. You want me to keep my paws off Highstyle, right?  It's not you. It's just that you're not ready to sell the company. I understand .. It's just a little unfortunate because there's a lot of potential there. And it's not like it'd be a hostile takeover.  Lucas, I. I know. I respect you. I respect your wishes. Your wish is my command.  Thank you. for everything. Yeah. It hasn't been a total wash. I mean, if I didn't have my eye on your company, I would have never, with the year I've had, it's been a really nice holiday surprise.  Thank you, Lucas. Yeah. I have to admit, it's this time of year that I especially miss my friends and family in Salem. I know you have your reasons for not wanting to go back, but if you really feel that way, what's really stopping you?  So, if you look at Highstyle's profit margin from the last three years, let's see. (Whistles) Sami? Huh? What? Um.  You okay? Yeah. Fine. It's just a lot of numbers I'm trying to keep straight ..  Okay, well, let's get our heads in the game, okay? We need to focus. Mr. Giles, the banker, is gon na be here any moment. We need to be prepared. We need his approval if we're gon na get the additional loans we need to take over I'm sorry. Okay. So, I've got the holdings, the company's assets, the C.E.O. Austin oh, my God. You are not gon na believe this. Sighs What are you doing here? Kate, Kate, Kate. Sighs I thought the guard was going to call Roman. The guard used to work for me. He knows I'm on the hospital board. And when he realized who you were, he called me first. Thank God. Oh, I wouldn't be thanking him just yet. What the hell is the matter with you, Kate? Shawn is my grandson. Changing crucial information on his medical records? You could have killed him Victor, I didn't Sighs Look, I was just thinking about Philip, okay? What are you talking about? Why don't I just change the hospital records back? Everything will be the same. Oh, up something you were tampering with. I want that proof staying right where it is. Why? Just because the security guard didn't call Roman doesn't mean I won't. You are going to jail for attempted murder. Shawn-D. You mean visiting hours are over? She asked me to leave Salem. Go back to D.C. She did? Mm-hmm. So, are you going, then? Do you really think she wants you to leave? I don't know. She's putting on a brave face. Sighs I just can't stop thinking about the promise I made to Jack. I know Jen thinks that she's accepted his death, but. I still think it's too soon for her to be by herself. Even if I hadn't promised Jack. Frankie. you don't really want to leave. God, I can't believe it. I can't believe it, but a miracle. I knew that you were alive. I can't even believe that I let them talk me out of it .. I knew. I knew you were alive. I knew that you would never leave me. I knew it, Jack. ()  Excuse me. What are you doing? Can you read? You got four eyes, right? It says " C.E.O. " on the door. I am so sorry. I didn't even notice. It's just that these beautifully wrapped packages caught my eye. Did you wrap these? These are exquisite.  No, no, I had nothing to do with it. The C.E.O. did. She handpicked every gift for the employees' kids. And I'll make sure she reviews your application, so we'll keep in touch, yeah? Becky, do you mind if I leave you my cellphone number, just in case there's any temp work before the holidays?  No, I'll just add it to your application. Now look what you've done I'm sorry. I guess I'm not getting off on the right foot. I. Thinking I don't believe it. Is that what I think it is? Come on. I mean it. Fly back with me, all right? You, me, the Titan jet. Forget it. It'll be awesome. No baggage claims, no coach fares, no long lines. It takes, like, minutes, or else it kind of seems like minutes. Come on.  Thank you, Lucas. I really I appreciate it. But I don't think so. Why? Why not? I know everyone will be thrilled to see you. They really would.  Oh, I don't think everyone would. People who matter anyway, all right? What about. Belle and Philip? I know that they could use you right now. can't. Why?  Because the spring line of product is set to ship at the beginning of the year, and I can't really afford to be away. Really? Well, look, I got a solution. I got a solution that's gon na be best for both worlds. And this time, I want you to really seriously consider it, okay? I want you to sell Highstyle to me.  What's wrong? What's wrong? Well, wait, Austin, I was just looking through the research that we did for the prospectus for Highstyle, and I found something that we haven't seen before.  What is it? Read it to me. Okay, okay. Well, it talks about the new C.E.O. and how they worked in personnel and fashion, but she has no experience in cosmetics.  Really? Why would they hire her in the first place?  Does her have a name? name. I'm telling you, all we have to do is tell Mr. Giles that. The lack of experience is gon na seal the deal.  Yeah. Although this C.E.O .' s lack of experience may not matter much if she doesn't want to sell. All right. Mr. Giles is gon na be here soon. Exhales deeply Man, it has been a long time since I've been in L.A. I was just thinking about the time that Carrie and I came here to look for you. Carrie?  I know I said I didn't want to talk about her, but have you been talking to her? Have you had any contact with her at all? I can't help wondering how she's doing. You are asking me how she's doing. Austin, I don't believe this. You just lectured me about bringing up Carrie's name, and now you're bringing her up? Sighs I need a real drink company this whole time? Carrie, listen to me. What kind of businessman would I be if I walked away after you said no the first time? If you agree to this, I can  I should have known Excuse me. Wait a minute. Let's let's ruin the evening. Damn. Hi. Can I have a oh, my God. you. Don't, Victor. You know, I can't believe that the mother of my child would actually change my grandson's medical records. If he had been brought in here in an emergency, they could have killed him His blood would have been on your hands All right. You are right. I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking. My only concern was for Philip. What the hell are you talking about? Sighs Look, could you excuse us please for a moment? We have something to discuss. It's trying to protect our son from our slut of a daughter-in-law, who didn't give birth to Philip's baby. What? She gave birth to your grandson Shawn's baby. Oh, yeah, that's right. That baby fighting for her life in ICU doesn't belong to Philip. Claire is Shawn's daughter. Shawn-D. I am really sorry. I'll give you some privacy. Shawn, wait. You don't have to go. You've seen me nurse the baby before. Shawn-D. No, but the door was closed. I didn't even wait for you to say " come in. " I didn't hear you knock. Honestly, I was just thinking about everything. Shawn-D. So, is she eating? Yeah, believe it or not. I can't believe she latched on with this IV and everything. Shawn-D. Well, it looks like you're doing a good job. And if she's eating, there? Yeah. Shawn-D. She is so beautiful. She really is, isn't she? And I'm not just saying that because I'm her mother. She is just gorgeous. Shawn-D. I am saying that. That's because I'm a proud Godfather. Laughs Um, could you hold her for a second? Shawn-D. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Shawn-D. Of course. Here. Okay. Watch the neck. Okay. There you go. I got you. I brought you some food. You should eat it while it's hot. Oh. Thank you. Shawn-D. Okay. There you go. You're right. I don't want to leave, but not for the reasons you think. Yeah, sure, I promised Jack that I'd be there for her, but not just her. I promised him I'd be there for his kids, too. That's what he wanted. But Jack told her, do you? She didn't want you to feel obligated to her, so she asked you to leave. No. No, she says that, uh. if I stuck around, I'd I'd only be a crutch for her. And you know what? She's right. I mean, right now, she needs to spend time with her kids and figure out what her next move is. And if I'm here, she just might lean on me for the wrong reasons. It's not what you want. No. No, but, Hope, even. even if Jen seems to have accepted Jack's death, that doesn't mean she's gon na be okay. She's not gon na be okay for a long time, Frankie. Exactly. I don't think that she's really accepted it at all. I mean, he's he's left her more than once, and he that this time it's for real, especially since they didn't find the body. I mean, come on, Hope. Let's face it. We both know that she expects for Jack to come back to her. Look, I guess what I'm getting at. is that the day that she realizes that's not gon na happen. that's the day that I need to be there for her. You must be freezing. Oh, my gosh. What happened? You don't even look wet. Jack. No. Jennifer. But how come how come they didn't find you? There were search parties everywhere, Jack. You need to listen to me, Jennifer. What? What is it? I've come to tell you goodbye.  Miss Smith. Miss Smith, are you hearing me at all? Because you need to get up. Yes, okay. Okay. Don't worry about it It's just that I'm the one that knocked it off the desk.  Mary, I appreciate your help, but you need to leave this office right now. You're not an employee, and you being here can get me fired. Well, I don't think that's true. Your C.E.O. clearly has a soft spot for the help.  You're right. My boss is a very nice person. But business is business, Miss Smith. So I'm gon na have to ask you to leave. Okay. All right.  Out you go. Yeah. Oh, God. Well, I hope my clumsiness doesn't exclude me from any equal opportunities.  Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. I know exactly where to file this application. Okay. Well, Happy Holidays and Feliz Navidad.  Feliz Navidad, Feliz Navidad, Feliz Navidad. Bye-bye. Bye. Oh, nothing on you. Sighs  Mr. Giles. Austin Reed. Gi Mr. Reed, good to see you.  Pleasure, pleasure. Gi Miss Brady? Yes, that's me. Merry Christmas. Gi You look surprised to see me. No, no, no. You're just a little bit early, but we're ready.  Our table's right over here. Just follow me. (Cellphone-rings) Gi Oh. I have to take this phone call. You two get seated, I'll find you. Okay.  I have to apologize to you. It was wrong of me to bring up Carrie's name. I'm sorry. Well, thank you, but it's okay. Just buy me a drink when we're done with the deal so we can celebrate.  Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Clears throat You know what, Austin? I think you are the one who's getting you mean? I have been in touch with Carrie. In fact, I spoke to her today. And you know what? She is living the perfect fairy tale with Mike. She sounded very happy to me. And I, for one, am glad ,' cause Carrie Brady happily living thousands of miles away from Salem makes me happy. Gi Should we get started?  Yes. Yeah.  I actually think I see a star in the sky. You know how long that's been? Yeah. The L.A. skyline is kind of underrated, isn't it? Actually, I think there's a shooting star, so you might as well go ahead and make a wish.  You know what my wish would be. Yeah. Well. don't worry about it, okay? I'm not gon na try to take over your company. But I do wish you would consider selling Titan a small interest in it. That way, home to Salem, have a life, job, a plan for your future.  What would Titan even want with a small company like Highstyle? Carrie, I told you before, there's a lot of potential in it. It's not just because you're the C.E.O ., really. It's icing on the cake, but when I was eyeing your company, I had no idea you had anything to do with it. Now that I know, I. I really think we could work great together.  I'm sorry, Lucas. I guess I overreacted. It's just that I was only recently promoted to C.E.O. and this company means everything to me. And if I was to turn around and hand it over to someone else, even if it's just a small percentage, I would be letting down my employees, as well as myself. I already blew my commitment to Austin and to Mike, and I won't do it with this to warn you if I'm not gon na be the one to take Highstyle over, you can guarantee someone else is gon na try.  I hope not. This company means everything to me. It would kill me to lose it. Gi Let me see this info on this Highstyle hot property.  There you go. Gi You may have a winner here. All right. Let's back this up. Sit down. What on earth gave you the idea that Shawn was the father of Belle's child? Okay, look, I sneaked a look at Claire's medical files, all right? And when I saw her blood type, knowing Philip's blood type, I knew that there was something wrong. You're not a doctor. You could be wrong. If this was the case, surely somebody would have figured it out by now. No one was paying attention to it because why should they? Philip couldn't give medication. Victor, look, I did the research, okay? I looked in the computer files. There is no doubt. There is no way that Philip could be the baby's father. Victor, that's why I went in to the medical-records room in the first place to look up Shawn's records. And I went on the computer, and Shawn is a perfect match. And we both know there is no way that Belle would have ever been with anyone else. So, the only conclusion is, Shawn is the father. Oh, God. To make it worse, Philip believed she was a virgin when they first slept together. But I looked at her records and Sighs Evidently, there's some uncertainty about her due dates because of the size of the baby. What does that mean? That means that when they did the ultrasound on her, it looked like the baby was conceived several weeks before they were actually married, which usually in ultrasounds depending on when you have them done. But in this case, that date coincides with the time when Belle and Shawn were trapped in a burning cabin outside of Salem. And when the paramedics rescued them, when they discovered them, they were dazed and they were confused and they were. naked. And you think that's when they made love? Yes. Yes, I do. So now you see. Now you see why I did what I did? No, I don't. What you did was still unforgivable. You're going to jail, and I'm going to tell Shawn that he's Claire's father. Shawn-D. Your belly is full, huh? You're a natural. Shawn-D. So are you. Please. Shawn-D. I mean it. You should see yourself with her. I just hope I can make it up to her someday. I remember when she was first born, I loved her being able to sleep and not knowing what to do to make her happy, and I just thought that having a baby was the worst mistake I ever made. How could I think like that? Shawn-D. Stop. I'm so sorry. Shawn-D. You have nothing to apologize for. You Belle, you were sick .. And now you're getting better, and you still love her more than anything. Chuckles What would I do without you? She's not even yours. And after everything I've put you through, you're so good to her. to us. Shawn-D. I would do anything for you. and your baby. Sighs I know how concerned you are about Jennifer. God knows we all are. But maybe if she does stand on her own two feet for a while, figure out what her next move is, maybe it will make her stronger. I agree. You know, Hope, I would never push Jen me to leave, obviously, it'll be hard, but I'll go. I don't understand. Why are you saying goodbye? I'm saying goodbye because. I'm dead, Jennifer.  Oh, God. Where is the top sheet to the budget Miss Mary Smith dropped? No, Becky. Becky, there is no way that, that top sheet could have disappeared. No way. I'm going crazy. There is something so fishy about your application, Mary Smith .. I better call Carrie. Sighing Ohh. Poor Becky and the rest of the staff. They're gon na be so upset when they look in their stockings and find pink slips. Sighs Chuckles Happy Holidays. Hmm.  I just I hate to think of someone trying to buy out my company. My employees trust me. They're loyal to me because I treat them as individuals. I know I lack the initiative for potential growth,, where you are is in a very vulnerable spot. I mean, you have a very successful product, but you and I both know that in the business world, there are large corporations and companies who do their research. And they know that you're very cash poor right now.  And apparently, Titan is one of the sharks swimming in the dirty waters, right? Sighs Absolutely. Yes, we are. I'm sorry. We had no idea you were the C.E.O. We just saw a small company with a good product and very little growth interest. Now, on top of that, Carrie, if you can't pay your bills for whatever reason or fill your work orders, the vultures are gon na start circling  Wait a minute. Who said that we can't fill (Cellphone-rings) I'm sorry, Lucas. That's all right.  Oh. It's Becky from the office. I've got to take this. All I can barely hear you.  Stay on the line. I'll go where it's quieter. Can you hear me now?  Yes, fine.  Okay. What's up?  I'm afraid we've got a potential problem. Okay, here is last year's financial summary and the distribution numbers. Good evening, everyone. Hello.  Mr. Giles, I would like you to meet my business associate, Miss Nicole Walker. Gi Miss Walker, nice to meet you. Nicole, please, and it's a pleasure to meet you, sir. Gi Nicole it is, then. Please, have a seat. Thank you. Ooh. Well. Austin, um, I've got something for you.  Where did you get this? I was doing some research and came across it. Oh, thank you.  Take a look at this. This is from Highstyle's budget file. Oh file. Austin, we have to get this company just on its name alone. It's a marketing dream. Think of all the rhymes and phrases we could come up using " high " and " style. " Highstyle with the right smile. Go the final mile with Highstyle. Ooh Somebody stop me I'm on a roll Gi I like your enthusiasm, Nicole. Thank you. Gi You should snatch up this company A.S.A.P. If you don't, I have backers that will. You'll have to excuse me. I have to make a phone call.  Absolutely. You know what? You really could have toned it down just a little bit. You heard the man. He likes my enthusiasm. And would it have hurt you to have jumped in with a rhyme or two? I do have a rhyme. You want to hear it?  Sami, don't. I'm sure it would have been negative.  You're both very creative, okay? Very creative. Let's just keep this positive. Okay. Fine. Cheers. Gasps Oh, my God  Look How could you do this to me? Nicole, look at my dress  Sami Sami Stop it Calm down She threw her drink at me.  It was an accident. Both of you need to settle down right now. Claire sure is lucky to have you for a Godfather. Shawn-D. Hey, you know, anytime. I'm serious. If you and Philip ever need a break, I am your guy. Hey, would you please eat while your dinner is hot? That way, you can actually lie down and rest for a while. I mean it. Come on. Everything will be fine. Victor, you have to understand why I did this, not just call the police. I was who you're talking to. I have been down this road before, Kate. Oh, God. Bo was an adult before Caroline told me that he was my son. I never got to have a relationship with him because I wasn't around when he grew up. I didn't get to be a part of his life. I know that. I do. And I'm sorry, but this isn't about you. It's about our son, and maybe I wasn't thinking clearly, but I couldn't stand to see him lose anything else .. It would kill him if he lost his little girl. It is not our place to play God with our son's life. We're not playing God. We're just ignoring the truth. I'm sorry. I know you thought what you were doing was right, but I can't keep this secret any longer. Sighs Stop it, okay? This isn't say you're sorry. You you have on regular clothes, Jack. You are alive. I touched you, I hugged you. I know what it looks like, Jennifer, but it's important right now that you listen to what I have to say. I always listen to what you have to say. Just don't tell me. Please don't tell me. I'll always be right here, Jennifer. You know that. Always. Right here. But, logistically, there's. certain things that I can't do for you right now, for you or my family. Jack. Just listen, please. You promised me you would. Before before I .... before I died, I took certain steps to take care of you and my family. What? What are you talking about? I asked Frankie to look after you and our children. I want Frankie to take my place.  What think her real name was Mary Smith. I was gon na throw her rsum in the cylinder file, and that's when I realized that the top budget sheet was missing.  Becky, she should never have gone into my office.  I swear to God, Carrie, I swear to God, I turned around for 10 seconds to file her application, and she was already in there. I got her out of there as fast as I could.  But not before she accidentally knocked everything off my desk and on to the floor.  Right. She offered to clean it up, I rushed her out, and then when I started to clean it up myself, that's when I realized that it was missing.  And you looked everywhere?  It's gone, and it's my fault. Are you gon na fire me?  No, I'm not. Becky, why would she want that sheet?  You asked. Now, do you this is more like a wild guess, but I think Highstyle might be the target of a hostile takeover.  I think that's a leap.  I don't. Highstyle may be a small company, yes, but I saw an expos on " Dateline " about this kind of thing happening more and more. I really think that this Mary Smith was a spy. And now our vitals are missing. You know, call me crazy, but I don't find this to be a weird coincidence.  I think you might have a point. I just wish I knew who was behind this and who this Mary Smith really is.  Listen to me, both of you, this is the move that could give us the credibility that we need. Giles is right. If we don't snatch this company up, somebody else will. And, Sami, I am sorry about your dress. Thank you. I think I'm gon na go and try hell does Eugenia want? " This is on the down low. Austin Reeds company is moving in on Highstyle. " Boy, poor Carrie doesn't have a clue what's about to hit her. And neither does Austin.  I should go, Becky. Thanks for the heads-up.  I am so sorry.  Oh, stop. Are you on your way home now?  No, I got some work to do. Plus, I want to see if this Mary tries to sneak back in.  She won't. She got what she came for. I'm gon na stop by the office on my way home.  Okay. See you then.  Bye. Crying Sighs Victor, please. I am begging you. Please don't say anything to him .. Do you know what it's going to do to him if he finds this out? Of course I do. But as much as it's going about the baby. So you're gon na tell him. Sighs No. You are. Shawn-D. Okay. You know, you could have been mine. Okay. There you go. Okay. What do you mean, take your place? Why would you ask Frankie to take your place? My place is with you, the love of my life, the father of my children. Jennifer, I'm dead. No, you're not dead. You're standing right here. I'm gon na prove it. Come with me, Jack. You stay right here. I'm gon na go get Frankie. Don't move. Help Frankie. Jen, what's wrong? You're not gon na believe this. Jack is alive He's feeling more pain than he's ever felt in his entire life. Why does he have to feel more? He needs to know the truth. are you okay?  I'm fine. Oh, my God. I recognize that He knew Frankie was someone he could count on. I don't want Frankie I want Jack 
You're gon na be all right, little girl ,' cause you have to be. Even though you haven't been with your mommy and me for very long, we don't know what we'd do without you, honey. And I know that it's probably a little scary for you to be in the hospital, but it's okay. It's okay. Daddy's right here, and mommy's gon na be here soon. She just needed a little rest because she's been worrying about you so much. Oh, honey, do you have any idea how lucky you are to have her as your mommy? She is the most loving woman in the world, and you're gon na grow up to be just like her. I know it. You want to hear something kind of funny? I wasn't much older than you when I first met your mommy. It's true. Somebody put us in a playpen together, and look where we are now. And we both loved you from are you really prepared to do this? I know. He's gon na take the news very hard. God. It's going to break his heart, all right? That's the exact reason that we can't do it. That little girl is in there fighting for fighting for her life, Victor. The last thing that he needs to hear right now is that she's not his daughter, that she's the daughter of his best friend. Help Frankie Jen, what is it? You're not gon na believe this. I can hardly believe it myself. What? Jack he's alive. Jennifer, calm down. Try to catch your breath, honey. What just happened? I was in the garden. I was wrapping the rose bushes, and I saw him. Jack? Yes. He talked to me. Oh, my gosh. You don't believe me, that you're providing financing, Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles Well, that's what investment bankers do. We look for diamonds in the rough. Your company's perfect.  I appreciate your confidence, and I will not disappoint. With the funding that you're providing, we'll be able to take over Highstyle in a matter of days. Mr. Giles Excellent. Highstyle and your company perfect fit. I prepared your contract. As soon as you sign it, I'll shoot it over to my lawyer. You'll have your money in the morning.  Great' cause I want to move fast. I know I'm not the only one interested in acquiring it. Mr. Giles I'm sure you're not. It's a prime takeover target undervalued, underperforming, but with unlimited potential.  Yep. That's why I plan on making an extremely attractive offer all cash. I am sure they will accept. Mr do you plan on doing after that?  Well, after we agree on the terms, I'll sit down with the C.E.O. and work out our respective roles. Mr. Giles Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's this about respective roles?  Well, naturally, with the current management and my team, we'll sit down, and we'll try to figure out how to divide the responsibilities of the company. Maybe I've been a little too hasty.  Too hasty? Mr. Giles I'm not bankrolling this undertaking so you can have a love-in with Highstyle's failed management. We've both seen the financials too much fat, not enough muscle. Someone's not minding the store. You've got to be ruthless, Mr. Reed clean house, get rid of the deadwood starting with the C.E.O. And the question is do you have the guts to do that? Man, Carrie, that is one long phone Lucas? Nicole. You what what the hell are you doing here? Well, I could ask you the same question. Huh. Guess you're on a date, huh? What makes you say that, Sherlock? Ooh, sparkling water for two. unless of course it's your imaginary friend. That's pretty cute. But no. there's lipstick on the glass. Oh, come on, Lucas. Who's the lucky lady? Unbelievable bitch. I can not believe that she did this. I mean, there's red wine all over my dress. I don't believe this happened. Can I help? I mean, it's red wine. Is there anything you can do? Well, I can try, but that's quite a stain.  Thinking Oh, my God. What is Sami doing here? How am I supposed to fix this? Oh, It's not a spill. Someone threw this on me deliberately. Uh-oh. That sounds like a bad date. You know, a guy who would do something like that he's just a loser. It's not the guy that I'm with, and he's not a loser, and it's not a real date. Oh, I'm sorry. I just assumed that No. I wish it was a real date. He is the real deal, and I'm in love with him. ()  Mr. Giles, I completely understand where you're coming from. Just hear me out. Highstyle it's a small outfit. I've done some research on their employees. They're close-knit. They're like a family. They look out for each other. That's the kind of atmosphere that most businesses strive for. Here it already exists. It needs to be strengthened, not destroyed. Mr. Giles You  Oh, come on. I've been in business long enough to know that when you have employees that believe in what they're doing and an employer that treats them fairly, they perform better, they're more productive. Mr. Giles Yeah, but they're not performing well. Highstyle's revenues are a fraction of what they could be. Its profit margins are terrible.  But with updated technology, revamped marketing strategies, you know, with Mr. Giles No, you're a softy, Reed. Blood on the floor. That's what Highstyle needs.  That's not the way I do business. I intend to work with Highstyle's team to make this a smooth transition. Come on, man. You've done your homework. You know how I turned Permalash into a cash cow, and I did not do that by instilling fear and loathing. I worked with the team management that was already in place. And I intend to do have worked with Permalash, but Highstyle needs a thorough top-to-bottom overhaul, and if you're too much of a candy ass to inflict the necessary pain, I'm not interested in investing.  Mr. Giles, you're missing out. My associates and I we found Highstyle, and we're gon na do with it what we see fit. Whether you give us the money or not, we'll just take it to another bank, and they will be more than happy to get in on this deal. Did I ask you to sit down? Don't worry, Lucas. I won't stay long. Looks like you hitched up with a fellow teetotaler. You gon na answer my question? What are you doing here? It's business. Really? What kind of business? You don't expect me to tell you that. No, I guess I don't, but it must be pretty important if you're in you, too? Is that it? You mean Austin and Sami? Mm-hmm. Wonder away. Bye, Lucas. Sighs So, you think this stain will really come out, huh? Well, I think so. I just have to be careful with this material. So, tell me does this man you're with know you're in love with him? No. Don't you think you should tell him? It's complicated. Well, if you don't speak up, you may regret it. I mean, when you lose someone important to you, it's just a shame. I may have lost him already. What makes you say that? He's not really interested in me. He's totally preoccupied with his business. Not totally. You don't even know him. Well, he brought you here for dinner tonight, didn't he? Well There. I think that's the best I can do. Um, well, it's much better. A little bit wet, but. As soon as it dries, you go back out there and wow your man. Thank you. Thank you very much for your help. Mm-hmm. You know, I don't really think that I have a chance with him. We have a really long history, and. and somehow it just never works out. Well, things change. You never know. Yeah, but I was with his brother for a long time, and then just recently, that didn't work out either.  Thinking She's here with Austin? Whoa. You were fooling around with this man's brother? Chuckles Working here every night, I hear a lot of stories, but, girl, your life is juicy. No. No, it's not like that. I really loved his brother Then, if that's true, then why didn't you try to get him back? I did, but it didn't work. Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm getting the feeling that you don't know which brother you're in love with. How'd you get yourself into this bind? It's a really long story. And the bottom line is, I have completely, completely messed up my entire life, and I have no idea how it happened. Oh. Honey. (Heart-monitor-beeping) You're already on thin ice with me. Don't make matters even worse. Oh, my God. You're the one who's making things worse for Philip .. You know, I can still report you to Roman, and don't think that I won't. What you did could have killed Shawn. Are you so cold hearted that doesn't even bother you? I am not cold hearted okay? And then I undid it. I changed all the records back. There's no way that Shawn can be hurt. You only did that because you got caught. Victor, there was no damage done, all right? Can we just focus on our son? No, we can't. Philip may be our son, but Shawn is also my grandson. This is going to affect both of them. In fact, they could turn into lifelong enemies. It pains me to even think about that. I am worried about our son, okay? You've made that all too clear. And it's not just because he's our son. He's married to Belle, you know. They love each other very much. And Shawn loves Belle. In fact, she loved him before she loved Philip. They were together for a long time. What are you saying? I am saying, how long do you once they find out that little girl in there is Shawn's? Okay. Okay. That is exactly my point. Why do we need to say anything, Victor? Kate. But right now, Shawn's seeing Mimi, and they're getting very close .. I think they're falling in love. Why don't we just let things be? Philip is crazy about that little girl. He's a loving father. He's gon na give her a wonderful, wonderful life. Oh, stop it. You know, for someone who professes to love her children so very much, you certainly do them a terrible disservice. It is just the wrong thing not to tell Philip. As retching as it'll be for him, he needs to know the truth. The truth about what, dad? Jen, we want to believe you. Okay, then believe me. Believe me. I saw him. I am not hallucinating. from everything we know, Jack's gone. No, I know. That's what everybody thinks, and I was starting to believe that. I mean, how could he survive that accident? How could he have gone off that bridge into icy water, but remember, they never found his body. I'm telling you, the man standing in my garden right now is my Jack. You know what? I'll check it out, all right? Jennifer, if Jack was out there, why didn't he come in? I don't know. Jen, wait. No, no, please. I have to see him. Frankie went to see what's going on. Honey, you need to calm down, and we need to talk. Jack? Hey, Jack, are you out here? Footsteps depart Jack, is that you? Come on, talk to me, Jack. Jack, hey, come here bluffing, you're wrong. Mr. Giles This is business, Mr. Reed, not a church social. Smiling and glad-handing doesn't cut it.  You know, I think it's possible to succeed in business without trampling on people, and if you've got a problem with that, then I'll have to find financial backing elsewhere. Mr. Giles Mr. Giles, please, don't do that. Would you just excuse us for a second, please? Austin, can I just speak to you over here? Thank you. What the hell do you think you're doing? You're gon na ruin everything we worked so hard for. Can I get you anything else? No, thank you. I'm fine. Are you sure your date's coming back? I'm beginning to wonder the same thing myself. Sobbing  Thinking How am I gon na get out of here without Sami seeing me? Thank you. I'm sorry. I don't normally weep like this in front of strangers. Sometimes that's the best person to tell your troubles to a sympathetic soul who wants to help. I mean, whenever you're feeling low, you need to let it all out. I mean, if you hold all of those feelings inside, sooner or later, you're gon na blow like a pressure cooker, you know? I just don't understand what is wrong with me. It seems like every relationship I have ever been in ends in ends in some sort of horrible disaster. I want to forgive you. I want to forgive you so bad it hurts, but I can't. Lucas, please. Please, Lucas, you love me. We're gon na get married .. Looking at you now, Sami, I can't believe I ever loved you. I can't believe I ever wanted you I ca, you're dead to me, all right? You don't exist. Whatever I had for you is gone All I feel for you is hate and disgust. Screams Sami. Get away (Sobbing) Bad karma, huh? I'm, like, the poster girl for bad karma. I mean, the guy I'm with tonight he's not really available, not to me. Well, what about his brother, the guy you mentioned earlier? No. No, I am not getting back together with him. You are really easy to talk to. Thank you, you know? I'm telling you things that I barely admit to myself. Oh, oh, gosh, I'm sorry. Um. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, of course. I wish it could be more. I'm a little bit strapped for cash myself right now. I very rarely have someone to talk What about friends, family? I had a best friend, but he doesn't talk to me anymore. I have my mom, and she's great. I mean, she's a really good listener, but, how do I say this? She has her own problems. Oh, I'm sure she'd still want to help you. She doesn't even know me. I shouldn't say it like that. My mom has amnesia, and well, she doesn't remember me. Oh, I'm sorry. What about brothers and sisters? I have a twin brother, and he's actually really wonderful, but his job takes him all over the world, and so he's hard to reach sometimes. And I have two half sisters, but I'm not really close to either one of them. That's too bad. Not really. I mean, my younger half sister she's okay, except for . Um, but she's going through a really difficult time right now, too. Her baby is really sick, and I feel awful for her. Yeah, I'm sorry. And then my other half sister she's older than me. She's perfect, too. That must be hard having two of them. To say the least. Actually, you know, it's funny, I haven't thought about my sister in a long time, but it seems like her name is coming up a lot lately, and I actually spoke to her on the phone today. Well, that's a start. At least she didn't hang up on you. I guess that's true. It's just that the reason that my sister and I don't get along is because of the man that I'm with tonight. I didn't take Austin away from you. You threw him away so that you could be with am not gon na take the blame.  No, you'll just take my husband. Your ex-husband.  My soon-to-be-miserable ex-husband once he realizes what a colossal mistake he's making. Look, Carrie, I don't really care what you think, but Austin and I are gon na have a wonderful life together, and I was really hoping that you could be a part of that life, but if you decide not to be, once again, the only person you will be hurting is yourself. Sighs Don't tell me she was involved with him, too. She was married to him, and I did everything I could to keep them apart. Let's see. You're involved with two brothers, and one of the brothers was involved with you and one of your sisters? I told you it was complicated. I'll say. But breaking up your sister's relationship doesn't seem to make you very happy. I bet you wish you'd left things alone. When I was talking to my sister on the phone, um, I realized all these horrible things have happened between us that there is no way it could ever be fixed, and. I wish it could be different, but it can't. Sometimes I really miss her. You know, I have been the worst sister in the world to her. I did everything I could to mess with her life, and you know what? She ended up happy. With another man? Yeah. Yeah, I mean, she found this great guy, and she's living happily ever after in another country. So things worked out. For her, yeah. So maybe it's time you started concentrating on your life. I mean, if you really like this guy you're with tonight, and you think there's any chance at all that you'd be happy together, let him know. think. I didn't know that there was someone else here. Oh, neither did I. Miss, are you okay?  I'm fine. Um, I just need a minute. Oh, my God. I recognize that (Music-playing) Dad, I just heard you. You said I needed to know the truth about what? Your mother has something she needs to tell you, Philip, about the baby. About the baby? Did Lexie tell you something she's not telling me? Philip, honey, it's nothing like that, really. We can just talk about it later. Don't do that. If it's about Claire, I want to know what it is. Tell me what it is, mom. Your father is, um, angry at me because, um, I I gave the nurses some cash under the table. What? Yeah, because I just want Philip. All right, well, I think the nurses are doing fine, mom. I know that, but I want to make sure that it continues. I understand that, and I appreciate it, but I think I have to agree with dad here, mom, you know? Okay, that's fine. I mean, obviously, I'm outnumbered. Your mother has something more she needs to tell you. (Device-beeping) Hold on. Hold on. Nurse. What is it? What's going on? Her blood pressure's high. I'll page Dr. Carver. It's okay, honey. It's okay. Just breathe, baby. It's all right. Daddy's here. Daddy's here, honey. It's okay. Honey, come here. Sit down for a second, okay? No, listen, I know. I know what you're gon na say. You do na say this is all my imagination that I have conjured this whole thing up to help me deal with my loss. Isn't it possible that's what it was? No Look, when you see him, you'll know I was right, okay? Jack? Oh. a cat. Well, that must be what I saw. Did you find him? No, I'm sorry. I mean, I looked all around. Where did he go? I don't know. I'll tell you what I'll check around front again, okay? Okay. All right. I don't understand. I mean. he was here. I saw him. He was here. You think I'm crazy. No, of course not. Maybe. maybe I am. Is that possible? I mean, am I losing my am I losing my mind? Am I going crazy through this so many times. Remember when I thought I lost Jack to the Salem Stalker and then when I lost him on the island? I am telling you both times, my instinct was telling me that he was alive, and he was. Of course I remember. You and Abby both felt he was alive. You refused to give up. Right. That's why I'm not giving up now. Jen, wait. What? What did Jack say to you? Did he explain what happened? How did he get out of the car? Where has he been? Do you think maybe this time Jack came back to say goodbye? You recognize her voice? No, no, I recognize the shoes. Um, these are fabulous shoes. They're, like, Manolos or Jimmy Choos they're even more expensive. Um, here's your shoe back. They're gorgeous.  Thank you. I what? Thank you again for the helping me with the dress. Um, I appreciate it. You're welcome, and you try to keep those brothers straight now, you hear? Yeah. Yeah, I will. Okay. Honey, are you okay? If you're sick, I can call a doctor.  Sighs I'm fine now that my sister's gone. W y I don't know what's gotten into you, Austin, but you better pull yourself together.  I am gon na handle this deal my way, you understand? I am not gon na let this guy call the shots. This guy is prepared to give us a lot of money. It's only natural he'd want to have some input.  Input is one thing. He wants to run the show, Nicole. Listen, you don't know me, okay? I can be hard-nosed when the time is right, but of it and certainly not before the holidays. That's what he wants you to do?  Oh, yeah deep-six the C.E.O ., CFO, C.O ., You name it. The people that built this company they put their heart and souls in it. Yeah, there's a lot of things that could be done better, but there is a lot that's right about this company, and I want to preserve it. I had no idea you felt so passionate about this.  Well, now you know. Look, I admire your shrewdness, your tough-mindedness. You know, that's an asset in business, but it is not always necessary to kick ass, especially when a little finesse can work just as well. Point taken, but you better resolve your differences with Mr. Giles because the vultures are circling.  Vultures? Yeah. Your brother's here.  What? Lucas is in L.A.? And not in this restaurant. And he wouldn't tell me why he was here, but ooh, wild guess I bet you he is here for the same reason we are to acquire Highstyle for Titan. Look, I understand that you and Mr. Giles have different ideas on how to put Highstyle back on track, but we are running out of time.  I'm afraid you're right. Giles is our go-to guy if we want to pull off this takeover. It is too late to switch horses unless you want to see this whole deal fall apart.  No, no, I don't. No. Um, but, you know, I think my relationship with Mr. Giles is a little strained at the moment. Okay, then let me talk to him.  Yeah, you know, I think that's a good idea. That's good. Okay. Good luck. Now I'm gon na go find out what the hell . Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Giles. Thank you. So, do we have a deal or not? Mr. Giles Depends. On? Mr. Giles Austin Reed. I'm not willing to lend the kind of money we're talking about to a guy who wants to win a popularity contest. That's not what Austin's doing. Mr. Giles Sounds that way to me. His track record speaks for itself. Look, he's a bottom-line guy, just like you are, but he and I have different roles. He takes the high road Mr. Giles And you? Well, what do you think? Someone needs to be the bitch. Ooh, Austin. Hey, hey, Austin. Oh, um, sorry. So, how did the deal go? Sorry I couldn't help you, but.  Well, you know, I wouldn't worry about it because I . You're kidding.  I wish. Well, what happened? Everything was going great until Nicole threw her drink on me.  Well, it seems that Mr. Giles and I have philosophical differences. What happened  I'll tell you later. Sami and Austin are here. In the restaurant?  We got to get out of here now. Oh, boy. Wait a minute. I think it's too late. I think we've just been spotted. Okay. Dr. Carver's on her way. Okay. Why is her blood pressure so high? Her kidneys haven't been working so well. That could be due to her illness, even some of the treatments we're using to help her. Treatments? Some of the medications Claire needs can be damaging to her kidneys. Sighs That's a little better. Good. Thank you. I need to go, okay? Okay. I know you're frightened, son. We all are, but your mother and I are in your corner. You know that. When's she going to get better, dad? I wish I knew, son. I can't just sit here and watch her die. I can't. If you make me tell him the truth, it's going to kill him. Hope, I don't remember exactly what Jack said. You don't? No. I was I was so excited. I mean, I was shocked, and I. Jen, what did he say? Oh, I said I said, " Jack, you're alive. " And he said, " no. " He said. he said, " no, I'm dead, " but. He said that that he was dead? Yes, he said that take his place. All right, what am I doing? This is crazy. There's nobody out here. What the hell? Where's Lexie? You said she was on her way, right? She had an emergency with one of her other patients, but she'll be here soon. Claire's latest labs show that her kidney function isn't as good as it should be, but she doesn't require any additional treatment right now. She's hanging in there. This little girl of yours is pretty strong. Yeah, she is. I guess I shouldn't be surprised her dad being a marine and all. Can I have somebody get any of you coffee or tea? Not for me. We're fine, thank you. I know all this waiting is hard. Just know that we're doing everything we can for your daughter. Hey, sweetheart, I'm gon na go get mommy now, and your grandpa are here to keep an eye on you. We sure will. You go ahead and find Belle. I want you both to know it means a lot to me to have both my parents here together. I hope you know that. Well, where else would we be? Now go, and once you find Belle, do what the nurse said. Get yourself something to eat. I'm really not hungry, though, dad. Philip, if you don't take care of yourself, you're gon na get sick. You need to listen to your dad, okay? You need to keep your strength up. Okay, I'll try. What? This can't go on, Kate. Our son has to be told the truth. Why? What earthly good is it gon na do? Look what he's going through. Why does he have to go through any more stress than this . The right thing to do. to hurt him? Victor, he's feeling more pain than he's ever felt in his entire life. Why does he have to feel more? I don't want to hurt him any more than you do. Then stop. Stop insisting that I tell him the truth. Your whole life you have bent the rules for your own needs. I know that you would do anything to protect your children. so please. please, let this go. God help me for agreeing to this, but all right, Kate. For now, we won't tell Philip the child is not his. To Mr. Giles and to a long association. Mr. Giles A long and profitable association. You won't be sorry you invested with us. Mr. Giles I'm gon na hold you to that. You'll talk sense to Mr. Nice guy, make sure he Yeah, this high, he'll come through. Mr. Giles I think you and I understand each other. We do. And once we're through with Highstyle, the C.E.O. and the rest of the company won't know what hit them. Cheers. Mr. Giles Cheers.  Do you really think they saw me? Yeah, they can see you, but they can only see your back. I don't think they know it's you.  What are we gon na do? How am I getting out of here? Just relax for a second, okay? The only way I can see out of here is through the dance floor.  Great. Don't worry about it. It's crowded enough. We might get lucky. We'll get away with it.  Let's go.  Excuse me. Excuse me. Ugh Where'd they go? Well, I have no idea. I ca was with a woman. Oh, great. The last thing I need is Lucas and some hot date in L.A ..  I'm sorry. I didn't mean to mention that. Want to dance? Yeah. I'd like that.  Yeah. Oh, my God.  What? She's here? All right. I don't believe in ghosts, but how do you explain this? Jack said that he wanted Frankie to take his place? Yes. That is so crazy. Maybe not as crazy as you might think. Jen, you know me. I tend to be skeptical about things, but What? What? What are you thinking? Maybe it was Jack's ghost. No Look at me. He is not dead. I'm telling you Jen, don't you think I want to believe that? I love Jack, too. But everything we know tells, you even said this vision that you had. told you that Jack was dead. No. Maybe Jack was trying hard to hang on so he could see you one more time, Jen. to let you know that it was okay. that he was okay, so you'd have closure. No, Hope, I love him with all my heart. He can't be gone. He can't be gone. I know. I'm sorry. Hope, please. I'm sorry, Jen. Jen, this is so hard to accept. Maybe God sent Jack back just for a brief moment so you could see that he was at peace. and so Jack could tell you that he was okay, and that it was okay for you to move on with your life. No, please, Hope, listen to me. No. I'm telling you. Jack and Frankie became good friends the past few months. You it. I'm sure Jack knew that Frankie was someone that he could count on. Jack's love for you was so strong, Jen. He needed to know that you and the children would be looked after. Listen to me. Frankie is a wonderful man. He's a wonderful man .. He is a great friend. He has been there for us through all of this, but it is not the same I don't want Frankie. I want Jack. Should I not be concerned with my family?  No, you shouldn't. Austin, that is the biggest sprig of mistletoe I have ever seen. I'm moving on with my life, and it does not include Sami.  You almost make it sound like you found someone else. Well, I have. At least, I I hope I have. 
What are you talking about? This is out. It's the roof, right? It's out. It counts. You know what I meant a restaurant, dinner. Ah.  It's dark up here. Yes, it is, my pregnant one. That's why I'm holding on to your arm.  Well, I don't smell a barbecue or anything cooking. Yeah, you're right. I didn't really have time for that, you know? Give me a break. It's not every day a man finds out he's gon na be a father again. Plus, I wanted to do something special for Carrie.  I hope you didn't go to too much trouble. I did, actually, but it's all right. You're worth it. You deserve it. So with that said Clears throat Let there be light.  Oh Not bad, huh?  Oh It's beautiful, Lucas. Yeah, anything for me like that. We've decided not to tell Hope about the change in the trial date. Bo, I know it's your decision, and I promised myself I wouldn't say anything. but you're making a huge mistake.  Oh, hello, Frankie. Hey, Mom.  What's the matter? Is it Jennifer? No. Bo.  Bo? I usually love my job. I like helping people. But right now. defending my client to the best of my abilities means. hurting someone I care about.  You mean because you're the defense attorney for Chelsea? And because I'm her attorney, I-I am legally bound to sit back and watch my brother make the biggest mistake of his life. Oh, Fancy Face. I hate keeping things from you. I hate everything about this. I'd do anything to make things different. Footsteps Hope Hope, are you, no Don't you dare hurt my husband Stop. He's not your husband. But if you don't listen to me, he's gon na be your killer. John John. Now, whose side are you on the good guys or Alex? He is not a bad guy. He's my husband. You're the one behaving like a monster.  Marlena. Exhales sharply Marlena, would you help me out of here, please? Excuse us. Come on. Come on.  Thanks, sweetheart. I'm warning you, John. Stay away from Alex. ()  What kind of mistake is Bo gon na make? Sighs Look, since this is directly related to my defense of Chelsea, I'm I'm not at liberty to say. Mom, I'm sorry, but what I can tell you is there's a lot of information that I would like to disclose. I've considered quitting, but I'd still be legally bound, so.  Oh Oh, this has got to be so sticky for you. Lord, you work for Mickey, and you're defending Chelsea in a manslaughter case, and Mickey is representing Hope in the divorce. But they're two separate issues.  They are related. Hope is furious with Bo for not telling the truth about Chelsea being the driver that killed Zack, and that's why she's filing for divorce. She's gon na testify against Chelsea, isn't she? She's planning to.  Well, see? What I mean is a judge and jury listening to the testimony of a grieving mother's gon na make your job a lot harder, isn't it? Exactly.  Mm-hmm. I never thought I'd say this, but I hate my job. I just want to do the right thing, and right now, legally and morally,, there are always dark moments, you know, in the work we choose. Every day is not a ray of sunshine. Come on. You love your work, don't you? Yes. It's complicated. I mean, I've defended murderers that I knew were guilty, but it was my job, and I believed they deserved the best defense I could give them, but it's never been this personal for me before never.  Sighs I see people I care about getting hurt, and I'm the one hurting them.  No, Frankie. Don't be hard on yourself. Bottom line you got to do what's best for your client. Even if it destroys Bo and Hope's chances of getting back together? I saw Hope's purse. I thought she'd come home. That was my purse. What are you doing here? I left you a message that I was gon na come what? Bo, she wanted me to clean out Zack's room. She wants to donate everything to the Horton Foundation. No You're not taking Zack's stuff anywhere I'm sorry. I-I don't mean to sound insensitive, but Hope said I don't give a damn what she said. My soon-to-be ex-wife seems to forget that she's not the only one grieving. Zack's my son, too. Now, for obvious reasons, alcohol will not be served tonight. Oh.  Fine with me. But I will be pouring a beautiful, full-bodied, finely aged sparkling water Salem's finest.  Oh. Chuckles Pardon me. Oh, thank you.  Yes. Now I'll propose a little toast. To Carrie. When I met you years ago many years ago I-I fell in love with you. Even though we haven't gotten together till now .... part of my heart honored to call you a friend. And now to be able to stand here words can't describe how I feel to have our friendship turn into love. I am honored to bring a baby into this world with you. So to my wife-to-be and my beautiful baby-to-be. Congratulations.  I wish you both the best. Thank you.  Thank you, Austin and Sami. (Slow-music-plays) Would you, uh, like to dance?  You sure? Yeah.  That was beautiful, Lucas. Thanks.  Sami, shall we? Chuckles Okay. Laughs  Oh, I hate to admit it, but I'm I'm getting used to you constantly spoiling me. If you think I'm spoiling you now, wait till I have a chance to spoil you and a beautiful child. Are you okay?  Oh, yeah. Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? Come on. It's certainly gon na have a baby.  Yeah. It is. And I would be lying if I said I wasn't jealous. And I'm mesmerized I found. Alex, I'm so sorry that John attacked you again.  And I'm so sorry that he followed us here. You know what? We won't let him spoil the honeymoon. We'll just go to some other island.  It's a very sweet idea, but you know very well it won't do any good. He's ISA. He'd find us. Besides, I'm not about to leave here just because John Black keeps following us around. No. I think it's time I took a stand and showed him exactly who Alex North is. Let's go, John. I don't think you're wanted here. If you don't want to lose your hand, you will get it off of me. I'm not trying to you. The only reason the casino bosses haven't dragged your ass out of here by now is because I waived them off. See, this island isn't the place you walk around publicly announcing you're going to kill someone. The authorities here don't care who you are, how much money you have, where you're from, or who you work for. They will lock you up for a long, long time. Why should I listen to you? For all I know, you're working with him. What are you talking about working for him? He and Marlena just got in. They were shocked to see us, as we were to see them. Maybe Hope and Marlena were shocked, but you two I don't buy it for a second it's a coincidence that you're here together. He recruited you to help him, didn't he? And help him do what, exactly? I am done with you of here, kicking and screaming. John, don't do this, all right? Patrick knows more about this island than anyone, and he's one of the good guys. What you don't know is the Salem P.D. has issued a " be on the lookout " for Lockhart. He is wanted for murder and extortion. He is innocent. You know that for a fact? Perhaps I should just call Bo and tell him where you are right now. No, you will not do that. I won't let you.  Frankie. Frankie. You've got such a good heart. Don't upset yourself this way. I don't know if you could help Bo and Hope, even if you were able to intercede, you know? I tried to help, and, let me tell you, Hope let me know in no uncertain terms, " don't meddle. " So I think the best we can do their own problems on their own. Well, I got to get back to decorating. Decorating? Yeah, what's going on? What are you celebrating?  Well, it's Victor Kiriakis' birthday, and I'm throwing him a party. You're throwing V-Victor a party?  Mm-hmm. Does pop know about this?  Well, actually, son, it was my idea. Dr. Butler How's our patient doing today? He's been sleeping since we ran that last batch of tests. Dr. Butler It's a miracle this guy's still alive. EMS brought him in. I didn't think he'd make it through the night, especially considering this diagnosis he's been living with all these months. I wonder why he's been living in a hotel. He's obviously a fighter if he's made it this long. It sure seems like he's got something to fight for. Look what he . Well, if I was this guy, I'd fight for her, too. I'm sorry. I know how much you're grieving over Zack. Hope asked me to do this. No, don't apologize. I. I-I'm sorry. I don't mean to take my frustration out on you. It's just that, uh, I haven't been in Zack's room. Seeing this stuff it, uh. it just kind of reminds me of what I've lost. It's and the life I'll never have back. especially now that Hope has moved on with Lockhart. You knew she was with that bastard, didn't you? I-I knew that, but there's nothing going on between them. Hope said they're just friends, Bo. Yeah, right " just friends. " Let me update you on that, Jen. She's sleeping with him. What? Yeah. Uh and I called her. She must have been shocked to hear your voice. Actually, I was the one who was shocked, because Lockhart answered the phone. Okay, but you talked to Hope, right? You spoke with her? Yeah. And I tried to warn her about that bastard, but, as usual, she started defending him, and. that's when I asked her if she'd been sleeping with him. Exhales sharply (Glass-shatters) How could she do this? I don't know. I mean, maybe maybe she thought since you moved on with Billie, that she could just move on with whoever she likes. What? How how did you know? I just know, okay? I'm gon na bring this stuff up to Zack's room. No, no. No. Don't worry about it. I'll take care of it. I'll pack up the rest of Zack's stuff and do it if you don't want. No, it's fine. I'll take care of it. Okay. Well, I'm gon na go, then. Bye. Smooches Door closes Inhales, exhales deeply Oh, my God. (Romantic-music-plays) Exhales deeply So, how's the mother-to-be feeling?  Pretty good. Yeah? No more nausea? No more nothing?  Not at the moment. Good. Listen, I know we talked about starting a family, but things are happening so fast. It's just kind of a surprise.  Yeah, although I don't know why it should be. I didn't do anything to avoid getting pregnant. I just thought that it would take a little longer with my age and everything. Yeah, well, I'm sorry that we had to change the wedding plans.  It doesn't matter. It's about the marriage, not the wedding. Marriage and family that Except you wanted to marry Austin.  I gave up that dream a long time ago, Lucas, when I got divorced, you know? And when I came back to Salem, yeah, for a little bit I thought that maybe things would work out for the two of us, but it's not meant to be. You're so good to me better than I deserve. Yeah? Why would you say that?  I just haven't handled the situation very well. I should have made up my mind a long time ago. That's okay. I understand why it was a tough time for you. You and Austin you guys have a lot of history together.  Good and bad. I just I want to make sure that you know I'm happy the way things turned out, and I know how lucky I am. You are a great father to will, and you're gon na be a wonderful husband to me. with you. Thank you. Ditto.  Chuckles Cellphone chiming Whoa, that's me. I changed my ring tone just for you.  Oh Like I said, I'm getting used to you spoiling me. That's nothing. You just wait. This is just the beginning. Hello? Oh, yeah, yeah. I was hoping it was you. Yeah, I'll be right down. Great. Thank you. All right. The food's here. I'll be right back. Food's here, all right?  You need any help? No. No, I'm fine. You guys stay. Enjoy yourselves. Smooches Well, I can understand why you'd be jealous.  Well, it's got nothing to do with Lucas and Carrie's relationship. Come on.  All right. Yeah. Maybe a little, you know? But all I'm jealous about is the kid part. . I've had amazing jobs with amazing perks, and I've had a wonderful life a wonderful dull life. But something's always been missing. The reason why I decided to stay in Salem was because I realized this is where I wanted to start a business, I want to settle down, I want to raise a family. You know how much that's always meant to me. Yeah, I do, and it hasn't been easy. You married Carrie, and she left you. You thought Will was your child, and I  Don't. Don't. Don't. The reason why I was so willing to believe that Will was my son is because I just wanted it so badly. And even after everything I put you through, you still have hope, you still want to do it again.  The only thing I ever wanted to be was the father that I never had. I want my kids to grow up in that they are always loved. I know how you feel. Believe me.  Things may be they didn't work out between me and Carrie, but I got a second chance to make it right this time, and I can't wait to do everything from, you know, change diapers and teach my kid to ride a bike and coach t-ball corny stuff. That's not corny. It's great. I guess all you're missing is the right woman to share your life with.  May I cut in? Of course. Patrick, could I please have a moment alone with John? I don't want Patrick, please. All right. But remember, John, I'm watching you. Stay away from him, Hope. He's dangerous. I am not interested in what you or Bo have to say about Patrick. The point is, I know him. In fact, the Hope, come on. Don't tell me the two of you are together. Patrick has helped me through a very difficult time in my life, and he has been nothing but a complete gentleman. Yeah, I know. A lot of men in Salem have had issues with him, but he's always come through for me and for Jennifer. And must I remind you? It was Patrick who saved us on Tony's island. Sighs You know, Hope, you and I go way back. And normally I-I trust your instincts. But there's something about Lockhart something I just don't like. Hmm. Hmm. Giggling Oh. What what did you say this was called?  It's a Morgan Island Mai Tai. I understand you only need to drink one. Giggling Oh, goodness.  Listen, you go easy on that, okay? I'll be right back. Darling, are you okay?  Oh right back. You're right about John Black. The sooner we take care of him, the better. (Monitor-beeping) The test results are in. Dr. Butler Sighs Hmm. Well? Dr. Butler My initial diagnosis was correct. So there's no cure? Dr. Butler Not yet. There have been no controlled studies because it's such a rare disorder, but I did read a journal article last week. There's a new protocol. It may be able to help. I guess he's very lucky he happened to find himself in this hospital. Dr. Butler Well, I don't know about that, but if there's a chance to give this man his life back, I'd sure as hell would like to try. I don't believe it, Pop. Throwing Victor a party was your idea?  You bet it was. Why?  Oh. Because, see, if your mom she might not be here today. So, can you join us for the party, Frankie? Pop, I'd love to, but I have plans with Jennifer. Hello, everyone.  Oh, hi. Look at this place. What's with all the balloons and streamers?  Well, it's a birthday party for Victor Kiriakis. Oh. Okay. Hi. Hi. Okay, so, are you ready? Yeah, I'm ready whenever you are.  I'm so glad to see you two spending time together.  Yeah. If you can stick around for the party for a few minutes, that'd be nice, huh?  We have to keep on decorating and get the banner and the balloons.  Oh, we better do that. Yeah.  Okay. All right. Are you okay? Yeah. I just wanted to talk to you about something really future. Hey Hey Where you been? I stopped by the mall to pick up pictures of Zack, and then I stopped by to see your parents. Oh, yeah? I was gon na stop by there after my shift. How was their trip to Ireland? They had an incredible time. You should see the pictures they took .. I have to show you something. Wait till you see close your eyes. I want to surprise you. Closed. Okay. Look what your parents brought back for Zack. It's a little leprechaun doll. A little isn't that about the cutest It is cute. The thought that counts. It's the thought that counts. That was nice of you to stop by and see my folks. I love your folks. Besides, I thought they might want to see the pictures of Zack. Mm-hmm. What? Well the world, and I love you very much you and your leprechaun. Me and my leprechaun. I married a leprechaun. Oh, come, my darling.  I'm surprised you cut in. I'm actually surprised that you wanted to celebrate with us at all. I wouldn't blame you if you avoided me for the rest of your life.  Austin, I told you I-I want us to be friends hopefully forever.  Hey, you know, I'm sorry for pressuring you all that time.  I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry, too, if I led you on.  Yeah. I'm just glad you're happy. I know how badly you want to have kids just as much as I did. Carrie, from a medical point of view, Austin is the last man you should conceive a child with. I'm so sorry.  I know how much you want to have kids, . And finding out that Lucas was really his father I remember how much that hurt you.  Yeah. Yeah, it feels like it's happening all over again.  I know. I'm sorry. Just please know that I want you to be happy, and I know that you will be maybe sooner than you think. Here we go. Food's here. Here. Here. Let me help you. Thank you. Um, look, uh, Lucas, I just want you to know. I'm really happy for you and Carrie your baby. I really mean that. Um, it's weird, isn't it? If things had been different, it would have been you and me having a baby right now if Kate hadn't done what she did to us. Why are you telling me this now? I mean, what are you saying? Nothing. Nothing. I just I Well, good. You know, you're a wonderful mother, and I'm glad that you and will are working your problems out that he's gon na spend part time with you. Really? Yeah, really. You know, maybe it'll give you a chance to find love with Austin maybe children, marriage. Yeah.  Wow. Lucas, this looks great. Well, here. Sit. Yeah, it looks delicious. Salad.  Yummy. Let's sit and eat. Everyone, take a seat, enjoy.  Yeah, thanks for this, Lucas. No problem.  Before we start, I'd like to talk to Sami about something in private. John, believe me, I understand why you're suspicious of Patrick. But I've been on this island for a while with him, and I've learned more and more about him. Yes, he's a pretty he has a good heart. Well, Hope, I'd like to believe you, but the jury's out on Lockhart. But I do know that Bo would be going ballistic if he knew that you were with him. He already knows. Oh, he does? Yeah. He called, and Patrick answered the phone. Well, that's strange. You see, I've been spending a lot of time with Bo, and he never said a word about it. In fact, all he's been doing is trying to track down Patrick Lockhart. He's a hypocrite. He has absolutely no reason to try to build a case against Patrick just because I'm with him, especially since I know for a fact that he is back together with Billie. I don't know what you're talking about. I've been spending time with Bo. He never mentioned anything about seeing Billie. I don't know why he would. a reconciliation. Well, that's funny because he told me he wanted a divorce. Oh, come on, Hope. After what the two of you had " Had "? " Had. " That's the key word. After Zack's death. Bo made a choice to stand by Billie and Chelsea, not by me. So any hope I had of ever getting back together with Bo it's gone. I'm sorry. Don't be. Look, all I ask is that you leave Patrick alone. What you need to do right now is figure out a way to get Marlena away from Alex and take her home with you. I intend to do just that. but I may need your help.  My plan worked. Now that John has attacked me in public, when I'm ready to kill him, it'll look like self-defense. Why are you going through all this trouble? Why Don't the night?  Because that would only be a temporary fix. He'd eventually find me, and I wouldn't be able to have a life with Marlena. What if Marlena does get her memory back? Are you afraid she might want to go back to John if he were still alive?  Of course not. Pat ' Cause Hope says that John and Marlena were incredibly happily married.  Hope has no idea how happily married Marlena and I were. Neither does Marlena.  Are you forgetting who you're working for? Of course not. I just want to understand your plan so I can carry it out to the best of my abilities. I do have to admit I'm a little confused, though. First, Marlena doesn't remember her life with you. Then she doesn't remember her life after you. Hell, she can't remember a conversation she had earlier today. Her condition seems to be getting worse, not better.  Obviously. But I thought hysterical amnesia was caused by some kind of severe trauma. So something must have happened to Marlena all those years ago when she was with you for that to happen. right? So I got to ask, what was it? Austin, what's wrong?  Nothing, nothing. I just wanted to ask you something. Okay.  You know I was talking about kids, about raising a family in Salem? Yeah.  Well, before Carrie cut in I was telling you that I think the only thing you're missing is the right woman to share your life with.  Right. Right. That's why I wanted to ask you something in private. Oh, my God, Austin. Are you asking me to marry you? I was the luckiest man in the world. How did this happen to my family? Do you really think this is going to work? it means I have to die.  You're right, Patrick. I did cause Marlena's hysterical amnesia. I didn't mean to hurt her, but she pushed me to do it. So it wasn't that she thought you died a tragic death? You abused her. That's why she doesn't want to remember you.  All you need to know is I came to Salem a changed man. And now that I have her back, I intend to get John Black out of our lives once and for all. So, where do I come in?  All right. Here's what you have to do. Sit down. Okay. Okay. Our future what about it? Uh, I'm not exactly happy with how our relationship is going. So, then, what do you want to do about it? I think that we should take the next logical step. Frankie, you know I was ever with. And when we were in high school when we were dating we waited. I Don't take making love to someone very casually not at all. I know. Neither do I. So I don't want to be just lovers. I want to be husband and wife. Wh come here. Dr. Butler, is this patient in any shape for an experimental procedure? Dr. Butler It's the only chance he's got. Door opens, closes Jennifer. Shawn-D. That's why we are gon na be at your trial every single day, and we are going to send you to jail for as long as the law will allow.  We have to talk. My favorite four words.  I wish everyone could be this happy. It's okay. What did you do? It's okay. Do you know something about Alex 
You know, coming island, was supposed to take your mind off of Salem. You had no way of knowing that John, Marlena, and Alex would show up. That's for sure. I can't stop thinking about John. He loves Marlena so much. They belong together. Like you and Bo? No, no, it's different. Somehow Alex is controlling Marlena. He's done something to her. I think I know exactly what's going on. How? What do you know about Alex?  How are you holding up? Mmm. I'm fine now that I'm in your arms.  Well, I know how upsetting it was for you to have John show up and interrupt our honeymoon. Not anymore. I'm not going to let anything destroy our honeymoon. John may have fond memories of being married to me, but I have none of being married to him. My only and fondest memories are being married to you. he follows through on his threat to kill Doc. Max, is that you under there?  Well, hello. Is there something wrong with your car?  No, no, no, no. I'm just fine-tuning it before the next race. Uh. what's that? What are you hiding there? Oh, just a surprise.  For me? Partly.  Let me see. I want to see. No, you'll get it all greasy  I just want to see. Laughs Um. wow. I had one of the designers at Basic Black make it one of the perks of working for my grandmother.  This is amazing. Do you really like it?  No, I love it. Good ,' cause I had matching ones made for your pit crew, too. And this one is for me.  Oh, my goodness. Wow, you're the best. the hell is she doing here?  Look, she she made us team jackets Team Brady Jackets. Show him. Show him. Show him. Show him. Show him. Huh? Shawn-D. I don't believe you. You don't even deserve the Brady name. Oh, my God, Austin, are you asking me to marry you? The answer's yes. Yes Oh, this is so spectacular. Austin  Oh, my gosh. We couldn't help overhearing. I'm so happy for you. Thank you. It's terrific, isn't it? I can't wait  We're engaged at the same time. Yeah, we could get married at the same time. We could have a double wedding  Oh, my God. Wow. That's amazing. That's so incredible. What a great idea. It would be so romantic. ()  Look, Shawn, Shawn-D. The hell she does.  She's a Brady just like you and me. Bo's her father, too. Shawn-D. There's a lot more to being a Brady than just biology. You should know that.  I do. Frankie and I were adopted. We were welcomed into this family .. She didn't have to be adopted. She's your half sister. Shawn-D. She destroyed our family. You are a disgrace to our name, and I can not wait till you are in jail so I never have to see you again.  You don't mean that, Shawn. Shawn-D. The hell I don't. The only thing I'm sorry about is that I have to wait a month till her trial. Thinking I can't let Shawn know that the trial's been moved up to next week.  Take it down a notch. Shawn-D. You want me to calm down? Keep her out of the garage.  Shawn for trying, but he's never gon na change his mind.  He's your brother, not to mention my employee. I'm gon na have a little chat with him about his attitude. Yeah, good luck. Sighs Just don't hold your breath. Carrie, a double wedding wouldn't that be romantic? Oh, my gosh .. We have the same family, so it'd be practically the same guest list anyway.  Sami Sami Sami, look, no, no, I need to clarify something. The last thing that I want you to be is embarrassed and hurt, especially in front of Carrie and Lucas If you don't want to have a double wedding, we don't have to, Austin. We could go away  No No No. That's not it. You misunderstood. I what?  I wasn't proposing. I was just, you know, like Lucas are about to have. You know? Just not with me.  I'm sorry. I'm not ready to commit to marriage yet. Why did you let me talk like that?  You just kept going on and on, you know what I mean? I couldn't get a word in edgewise. So now it's my fault.  I did not say that. Maybe we should go.  Yes, thank you.  Okay. I'm sorry, Sami. Me too.  I feel so bad for her. I thought that Well, it's just classic Sami. She's moving too far too fast.  Well, I still hope that it works out for them someday. I don't know. You okay?  I just gave Austin a lot of mixed signals about our relationship, and I know that I made it hard for him to move on. And now that we I just want him to be as happy as we are. Listen to me. He's gon na be fine, all right? He'll move on maybe not with Sami, but he'll find somebody new, just like we did. Change is hard.  Yeah, it is. But usually it's for the best. Speaking of change, there's actually something I've been waiting to do for a long time now.  I had no idea you were gon na think I shouldn't have said anything. I know how much you want us to be together. But you dream of being with Carrie.  Come on, Sami. She just told me we couldn't have a future together. No, Austin, she didn't just tell you. She's been telling you that for months, and you won't listen. And I have been patient, all right? As patient as I can be, but you on. You still can't let her go. So, I can't be patient anymore. It is clear that you are never gon na be ready to marry me. Do you know something about Alex that you're not telling me?  Oh, you'll be well-compensated. Deal? Deal.  You help me eliminate John Black. I help you get rid of Bo Brady. Of course not. I mean, I don't know anything about Alex. I just meant I think I know what's going on with you. We weren't talking about me. We were talking about Alex and Marlena. And I think you're projecting your feelings about the breakup of your own marriage onto Marlena. That's why you wish John and Marlena were back together. What is this, Psych 101? No, it's me caring about you. John and Marlena belong together. No, they're finished. Marlena married Because he's done something to her. I don't know if he's using drugs or hypnosis, but he's done something. I'm gon na go talk to John. We've got to find a way to stop him. Well, I'm afraid Alex is gon na stop John first permanently.  You just need to relax in my arms. Mmm. Oh, I am. And I am not gon na let John Black being here bother me at all. In fact, nothing's going to spoil all the magical moments you have planned for our honeymoon.  Likewise. I intend to enjoy each and every second of it and to make sure that you get everything you deserve. John, you've got to listen to me. You've got to be careful. Alex isn't just dangerous. He's clever. From the start, he's anticipated your every move. Not this time. You know the wild Like I said, every so often, you see a glimmer of the old Marlena. Thank God you're here. Maybe you can get through to her. Whatever he's doing to her, it's gon na end tonight. You've got to let me help. You know, I've been thinking about that offer Look, John, how often have we worked together in the past? I'm a cop. And Marlena is my friend. There's got to be something I can do to help. Okay. Why don't you keep North occupied so I can spend a little time with her? You got it. Good luck. I'm gon na need it. Excuse me, may I have this dance?  Look, Shawn, I'm asking you this as your family, your boss, and your friend. Please lay off Chelsea. Shawn-D. I don't want to talk about it. my brother, man.  Accidentally she turned her head for a second. Shawn-D. And you don't see a problem with that?  Of course I do. It was stupid and reckless, but not quite as stupid as driving drunk. What would have happened if you had killed someone when you crashed your bike through St. Luke's window during Belle's wedding? Shawn-D. Why are you even talking about this?  Because I heard all about it, and I heard about your other accidents. Everyone's seemed to have forgiven you. Shawn-D. I didn't kill anyone.  But you could have very easily. And you didn't answer my question. What if you had? Shawn-D. Then I would have to pay for it.  Come on. Shawn-D. See, what you're not understanding here is not only did she kill my brother, but she destroyed my family. She made my father lie to my mother, and don't try .  No, no, no. No one forces your dad to do anything. What happened, what your dad did, he did on his own. Don't blame Chelsea for that. Shawn-D. Okay, maybe I can't, but that is  She's your sister. Shawn-D. Half sister.  She's a Brady, just like we are. One thing that mom and dad always taught us is how to forgive. I know it's not easy to forgive Chelsea, but think about what being a Brady means. Put yourself in Chelsea's shoes. Shawn-D. Are you done with your lecture?  Yeah. Shawn-D. Look, I understand this is your garage and Chelsea's gon na come and go if you want her to. And I'm just your employee and grateful to have a job. Speaking of, there's something actually that I want to show you I've been working on, and I think it has a lot of potential Hope away from the trial isn't enough. I have to get rid of Shawn, too. I can't go to jail or I'll never be with Max.  I believe the custom is to ask the bride to dance at the wedding, not on the honeymoon. I'm aware of that, but I've come all this way, and all I'm asking for is just one last dance in a public place.  Well, it's up to Marlena. I don't think it's a very good idea. One last memory for closure, please. Well, if I say yes, you'll stop pursuing me? I swear. I will accept and respect your marriage. You're letting Marlena dance with John.  Oh, I'm not worried. It's a public place, and I know that my wife loves me. Even so.  Besides, I rather enjoy playing cat and mouse with that he is the cat. Are you sure he isn't?  Oh, I'm positive. Well, I've dealt with John Black in the past when I worked for the DiMeras. I wouldn't underestimate him.  Oh, I don't. That's why it's time for you to take him out of the picture. Looks like you two are having an awfully serious conversation. I requested this music. Do you remember it? Should I? It'd be nice if you did. It's kind of our song. Our song. It's okay if you don't remember. You will. There we are.  Oh, when you said you were gon na make a change, I thought that you were gon na carve over Austin's initials. No, I wouldn't do that. I respect what you guys had. No, it was your past. And this is your future.  Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Maybe I should have waited to carve your future initials into that door.  Oh, I'm gon na have my initials all over this roof, aren't I? Well, let's not get carried away. Want to go downstairs? Come on. Let's leave them alone.  I'm sorry you're upset. This is my fault, and you had every right to assume what you did. I should have chosen my words more carefully. God, I waste all this stupid time reading those women's magazines, and I don't even take their advice.  What are you talking about? You're not supposed to seem overeager or desperate because that's the easiest way to scare off a guy. And that's exactly what I did, isn't it?  We have to talk. Oh, my favorite four words.  I know you do No, I don't, but if we have to, then I guess we will. But let's stop talking about them as soon as we get to that door, all right?  Did you see her face when she realized that he wasn't asking her to marry him? Yeah, I did. And I also saw your face.  I feel so bad for her. Well, it is a little soon, don't you think?  It's a little soon for us, too. Yeah, but it's different between us. I mean, we don't have the history they do.  They've known each other so long. It's not like they're starting from scratch. I know, but they got all those bad memories, you know? And with Sami, that could take a lifetime to get over. Believe me.  I just want them both to be happy. Well, my job at the door, so we can't talk about them anymore. Imagine that.  Mum's the word. Thank you. Check something real quick.  What was that about? Well, I just have a little surprise for you, and I wanted to make sure everything was set up and it looks good.  What is it? No, don't look yet. Close your eyes. Don't cheat. It's a surprise .. You can't peek on surprises, honey.  I love surprises. Are your eyes closed?  Yeah. Keep them closed. I'm not covering them. Close.  Okay. Okay. Come on in. Little bit here. All right.  Can I open? Now you can open.  I don't believe it  I don't want to hurt you, Sami. If you're trying to let me down easy, don't bother because it's . I'm not ready to make a commitment to anyone. Oh, that is such bull  It's not bull. Look, if Carrie hadn't chosen Lucas, you would be down on one knee so fast to profess your undying love for her that she wouldn't have a chance to choose someone else. For all I know, you carry an engagement ring around with you just in case so you can give it to her  What do you want me to say? You would propose to her, wouldn't you? You would propose to Carrie in a heartbeat.  You are right. I still love Carrie, okay? There you go You and everyone else Everyone loves Carrie And I know it. Everyone wants to be with Carrie. It's the story of my life.  Sighs Okay, so, what do we got? Shawn-D. Well, I installed it right here, which . It's gon na make you have more boost than anybody else on the circuit.  I like that idea. Shawn-D. Well, you might win a few more races, you know?  Yeah, yeah. But not only that once this baby hits the circuit, every car guy in America is gon na want one of these. If you market it right, you can make a fortune. Shawn-D. Well, hey, that's what I'm counting on' cause Mimi and I do have another mouth to feed now.  I understand. Shawn-D. But I'm thinking with your name on it, it'll sell faster.  Huh. Shawn-D. So, what do you say?  You want me to be a partner in this. Shawn-D. I was inspired from working on your car.  We're gon na need some serious start-up money' cause Shawn-D. Already thinking about that. I say we talk to Victor about being a . He's got deep pockets, and he's always looking for a good investment.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's a great idea. Shawn-D. Okay, so, is it a deal?  Absolutely. Shawn-D. All right, man. Max, can I talk to you for a second alone? Shawn-D. All the privacy you want. Don't even think about going into business with him. He hates me, Max. He wants to see me go to jail for life.  No, he'll come around, I'm telling you. No, he won't. Look, if you care about me at all, you'll forget about this deal right now. You'll fire him from your garage, and you'll never have anything to do with him again.  Excuse me. So, what were you two talking about?  Oh, I was assuring Patrick that I have complete faith God to love one another till death do us part. She took the same vows with John.  But those were invalid. She was still married to me at the time. But she loved him.  Perhaps, but when she was given the chance to choose, she chose me .. And I think it's time that John accepted that, don't you, Patrick? There's something I need to take care of. What's that? I'm gon na check with the hotel and make sure that the rest of our stay here is perfect. Okay.  You seem quite taken with Mr. Lockhart. Glad to see that you're moving on with your life. Perhaps you could give John a few pointers. I think it'll all work itself out for the best.  Oh, I agree. Feeling lucky tonight?  Oh, absolutely. Then maybe we should check out the tables.  . Great.  I won't be gone long. Is the music bringing back any memories yet? No, I'm sorry. It's not. That's because you're fighting it. John, I'm sorry. This was a mistake. I don't think so. Come here. Just listen to the music. There's something I want you to see. John, what are you doing? Aah. It's okay. What did you do? It's okay. What happened? Alex has been drugging you. That's why you can't remember anything .. No, no, I have amnesia. He has been prolonging it through pharmaceuticals. I just gave you the antidote. Gasps Just relax. Let it all come back to you. Come on. Feed me, baby. Let's go. Here you go. Come on. Come on. . Mmm. Oh. Oh, John. Do you remember? I remember. I remember I remember dancing with you at our wedding. I remember I remember roasting marshmallows with you in the penthouse. I remember you. I remember loving you so just you. Just you. Just loving you. Oh, I remember loving you. Shawn-D. Did you get the shot yet? I just wish you would have let me come to the hospital with you. Yeah, I know. I know. I have to work. Actually, you know, I'm working on something, babe, that might help us take care of our baby in style. No, no, I can't tell you yet, but I will. Yeah, well, I just want to be the best father I can be' cause I know you're gon na be the best mother ever.  I'm not gon na fire Shawn. change anything. It's just gon na make him resent you even more. That's not possible.  Besides, he's doing a great job around here. He's an incredible mechanic. And this invention he's got is gon na So, you're saying that you care more about making money than being with me.  No, but Shawn's family, and family loyalty means everything to the Brady's. Well, I'm a Brady, and he's not being loyal to me.  So, you need to remind him, then. Look, I laid some groundwork, but it's up to you. You need to talk to him. That's not gon na happen.  Try. For me. For yourself. Well? Shawn-D. I love you, too. All right. I'll see you later.  Clears throat Chelsea has something she wants to say to you.  Gasps Oh This is even Of course it is. Birthday's every year. You don't have a baby every year, do you? At least, most people don't.  When did you do this? Did Maggie help you again? No, not Maggie. I recruited my trusty assistant.  Eugenia did all this? Mm-hmm. And I I told her the good news. I'm sorry. I hope that's okay. I swore her to secrecy, so it's fine.  Okay. Good. I told her what I wanted, basically, and she showed up. She had a key, let the deliveries in, so it's basically all set up.  Oh This is too much. Baby talking No, nothing's too much for you and our baby. Normal voice These are adorable.  Our baby. It's really happening. Well, yeah, it better be or else Eugenia ran herself ragged and wasted a lot of dreamed of being a mom for so long. Well, that's my job make your dreams come true.  And you are. I just hope that home pregnancy test was right. Well, I'm sure it was. Why wouldn't it be?  And that I carry the baby to term and that the baby's healthy and Carrie, listen to me. Everything is gon na be fine, all right? It's gon na be perfect. Don't worry about it.  But No buts. No buts. Listen to me. If it'll make you feel better, tomorrow morning, first thing, we'll go see Lexie, make sure everything's okay, all right? Actually, not first thing. The first thing I'm going to do is make you a great breakfast a healthy breakfast for you and the baby. No matter what I'm doing, if I'm asleep, I'll pop right up . If I'm in a meeting, I'll run home, and I'll do anything anything for you. Nothing is more important to me than you and our baby.  And Will. We can't let him feel left out. Oh, listen to you. How many women would think of their stepson-to-be at a time like this?  I remember what it was like when I was a kid and my dad was starting a new family. And even though there will be a lot of years between Will and our baby. Yeah. . I want them to love each other and always be there for one another. With a mother like you, it's a given.  Oh. Ah. I wish everyone could be this happy.  Again, I am sorry. The last thing that I wanted to do was hurt you. Because you care about me so much.  Sami, I kept telling you to take things work out between us. You're right. You did say those things, but your actions said something else entirely. Austin, you walk around my apartment with a towel around your waist. We we made love, Austin. So, maybe I shouldn't read between the lines and just take what your words are at face value. God Why does this happen to me? I never get the happy ending. I'm always cursed.  You're not cursed. You deserve to be happy. Not enough for you to propose to me.  Oh, I did propose to you once. Well, yeah, but we're not married, Austin, because I don't matter to you as much as Carrie.  No, no, because you screwed it up, Sami because you were lying to me. You were lying to everyone else about Lucas having Will. Oh, wait a second. You're gon na bring that up No, but you got to take some responsibility here, Sami You keep digging yourself into a hole. Admit it Damn I mean, look, you are not the same person. I can see that. I can see how much you have changed. Look look, we have both suffered enough from lies .. I am just I'm trying to be honest about how I feel with you. We need to be honest with each other because if we're not, what the hell do we have? You want me to convince Carrie that she shouldn't choose to be with Austin. I'm glad we understand each other. Oh, yeah, I understand. You're blackmailing me. And you are cheating on Abe, so you can get off your high horse. Now, all you have to do is make sure that Carrie doesn't choose Austin. Otherwise, you can say goodbye to your happy life with Abe and Theo have is honesty, and so I'm gon na be honest with you. Somehow I don't think you're gon na like what I have to say. Shawn-D. I'm not interested in what she has to say. Told you.  Look, you're both gon na be in each other's lives whether you like it or not, so find a way to work this out. Shawn, do me a favor and listen to what she has to say. Sighs Um. Shawn, I. I loved Zack from the minute I met him. Shawn-D. How many times did you meet him? Twice? Three times before you killed him? That was an accident. Shawn-D. That doesn't mean that you can pretend like it never happened. And obviously you haven't learned your lesson until you get punished for what you did. Don't you think that living with what I did for the rest of my life is punishment enough? And neither does my mother. And that is why we are gon na be at your trial every single day. And we are gon na make victim impact statements to the judge before your sentencing. And we are going to send you to jail for as long as the law will allow. And nothing that you or Max or anyone else says is gon na change that. I can't go to jail. I won't. (Cheers-and-applause) Very nice. Very nice.  Very nice indeed. This is certainly my lucky night. Here we go. Excuse me. It is. Thinking Maybe here, but your luck with Marlena is about to run out. Hey Congratulations Oh, John, I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you so. You're the only man I love. I've waited a long time to hear you say that. Take me away from here, please. Do you called me Doc Alex North is never gon na come between us again. Let's get out of here. Well, Alex, you were on such a winning streak, I don't know why you would ever quit.  The trick is to quit while you're ahead. Good point. Yes, it is.  Where's Marlena? With the man she loves.  That's why you kept me at the craps table. Looks like you weren't as lucky as you thought, huh, Alex?  You'll see whose luck's about to run out. Patrick. What is it?  Do you have a gun? Yeah, in the room.  Get it. It's time to eliminate John Black.  If you would have asked me a few months ago if I would ever be this happy again. Mm-hmm.  When you came to see me at Highstyle in L.A. came back to Salem. You gave me a job and the family I always wanted. Oh I feel like I'm dreaming. I definitely know what you mean. I understand that you want honesty. Look, Austin, I understand how you're feeling, and I respect that. But I need you to understand where I'm coming from. If you can't commit  Sami, I just need Please let me finish. I'm just saying that if you're not sure what you want, then it's time for me to move on. Look, I'm okay with going slow, Austin, but going backwards is not something I can deal with. I don't want to wake up when I'm 40 or 50 or 60 still waiting around for you to decide what's best for you. So. I said it before, but I really mean it. I think it's best if you moved out of my apartment and .  You are overreacting. No, I'm not. Austin, please understand. I'm just trying to do what's best for me. And when I'm with you, I'm I'm just too confused. I honestly think it would be better if we just never saw each other again. I'm officially the happiest man alive. I think somewhere Jack is really happy for us, too. Are you saying that I might not be dying after all?  Lexie said it's about time for us to conceive. Shawn-D. Wow. I'm moving on with my life without you. 
Hey. Good morning to you. Where have you been, baby? On an emergency croissant run. Would you like one? Croissant? Mm-hmm. Laughs Sure. I made some coffee. Goody. Listen, honey, I'm sorry about last night. I thought I'd be home before you went to bed. Well, you could have awakened me. I don't know. You were sleeping so peacefully, I didn't want to disturb you. Now, you were saying something last night about making an honest woman of me. You know I did. But first things first. Oh. Oh, God. Mmm. Mmm. Good morning, sleepyhead. What time is it? About 10:00. Oh, my God. Is it really that late? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Try this. It'll help. Oh, coffee. Thank you. E.J ., I don't remember coming home last night to music. Yeah, Diana Krall, Coltrane. It was fun, eh? How much champagne did I drink? Lots. No, I'm only kidding. You hardly had any. You were so exhausted, you conked out as soon as I got you through there. I carried you back here last night. You made a good job of getting into bed, I see. What about you? I stayed in my own bed. Thanks, E.J. Thanks for taking good care of me. No thanks necessary. You had a rough day yesterday. Yeah, I did. Mm-hmm. Listen, I know you have a lot on your plate right now, but when things calm down, you and I we need to have a little chat because, Samantha, I really feel there's something special between us. And I think that we owe it to ourselves to see where it's going to lead. E.J it's about time you and I had a little bit of fun .. Fun? Yeah, do you remember fun? Do you know what fun is? F-u-n, darling .. Smiling and laughing, enjoying a sunny day all that kind of there we go business. Remember all the things you used to do before you were so very worried about being found out? I don't even know the last time that I wasn't worried about somebody finding out something that I had done that was terrible. Well, I think you need somebody to help you enjoy life a little bit. I'm volunteering.  Oh, hey, man. I didn't know you were here. Shawn-D. I crashed in the office.  I thought you moved onto the boat. Shawn-D. Yeah, it didn't really work out.  Why not? Shawn-D. It's a long story. I don't really want to talk about it.  How'd it go?  Not so great. You know the gift that Abby bought me to give to her? Shawn-D. Uh-huh.  I probably should have looked at it first. Shawn-D. What was it?  It was a bear holding a sign that said " Be Mine. Xoxo. " Shawn-D. Ouch.  Yeah. Shawn-D. Ooh.  So, she was totally blind sided when I tried to tell her I wanted to break things off. And then she started hyperventilating and freaking out. And the doctor and the nurse had to come in, put her back on oxygen. I didn't know what to do. And I can't just walk away from it you know, not until she's feeling better, anyway. Shawn-D. You're gon na do what? You're just gon na keep stringing her along?  Look, I'll be as honest with her as I can without upsetting her, but not until she gets don't know, Max. It's not like she doesn't know something's up. I think that you're gon na have to bite the bullet, buddy.  Max, I hope you're here. I really need to talk. to you. ()  I didn't think you'd be here. Shawn-D. I work here.  Well, I heard about your boating accident. I'm glad you're okay.  Wait, what accident?  Shawn didn't tell you? He took his father's boat out in a storm, and the Coast Guard had to rescue him.  No, he didn't tell me. Shawn-D. What I do is none of your business, Mimi, and I don't appreciate you dragging my parents into this.  Excuse me for trying to save your life. It won't happen again. Shawn-D. Good.  You're such a jerk. Hey, Max, have you met Shawn's new he was dating anyone.  I'll bet Max would be interested to know about her professional background. Shawn-D. Leave it alone, Mimi.  What's the matter? Are you ashamed of Willow?  Look, Mimi, hold on a second, okay? Shawn and you are still married .. Maybe he's embarrassed that he's already dating or something.  No, Max, what he's embarrassed about is he's dating a hooker.  Wait. What? Shawn-D. At least she's not a liar.  Okay, hold on a second. You guys, whatever's going on, I don't care .. Just don't do it here. Shawn-D. I don't even I don't even want to talk to her anymore.  I'm sorry, Max. I can't believe things have turned out like this.  No, that's okay. Don't worry about it. Mmm. Ooh. Mmm. Ooh., Doc, I have come so close to losing you so many times. I think about New Jersey and the way that could have played out. It just scares the hell out of me. Do we know why I was abducted, or I wasn't going there. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bring you down. I'm all right. I just feel so safe in your arms. Oh, I love you so. I love you, too, baby. So, what do you say we make this a forever kind of thing? Oh, John. Doorbell rings Marlena, my love. Sighs Clears throat It's Roman. Of course. I asked him to come over. Hey, it's all right. It's okay. (Doorbell-rings) I'll get it. I'll get it. Hi, Roman. Well, there she is back home, looking . Bad time? No, not at all, Roman. How you doing? I'm doing good, John. How about yourself? Pretty good. Listen, I got to get to a meeting. That'll give you and Doc a few minutes to catch up, and I'll see you later. Good. Take care. I'm so sorry. I'll ask you that question later. I'll remind you. Mm-hmm. I know you will. Well, thanks for coming by. I am really glad you called. What you went through in New Jersey I am just glad that John found you in time. I'm lucky to be alive. Coffee? Absolutely. Thank you. I wanted to go with him. I know. John told me that. You had your hands full with Will, didn't you? Things have been crazy, yeah. John that I was missing. I don't know how to thank you for that. Well, Doc, I don't know what the hell I'd have done if I'd have lost you. So, anyway, tell me what's going on? You look happy. John and I are back together. He's moving back in. Well, then things are good. Things are good well, except for one thing. Which is? Sami. Sighs E.J ., my life sucks. Come on now. Things will get better. You don't understand. I am a horrible, rotten person. My dad is the only person who has always been on my side, and he is never gon na forgive me for this. Oh, God, what am I gon na say to him? Shh. You want my advice? You tell him and everybody else who gives you a hard time that you to get over it. Hey, Patrick. Sorry to keep you waiting, man. Hey, John. No problem. I just got here. Oh. What do you say we get some drinks, grab a table? What do you like? Beer's fine. All right. Couple drafts. We'll be sitting over there. Thanks. How's it going, man? Yeah, it's all right. Everything's going okay. Yeah? Well, I do have to admit, I was a little surprised that you wanted to get together. I haven't seen much of you since Morgan Island. Yeah, I feel bad about that, especially the way you came through for me you know, getting Marlena away from Alex North. Well, you came through for me, too, helping me get into the police academy. Too bad I got kicked out, but you know, that's another Thank you. What do you want to drink to? Uh. happier times. Happier times. You know, Patrick, actually, I've been meaning to call you for quite some time, but my personal life has been a little crazy. Marlena. Well, you know, she wanted a separation. Then she took off to New Jersey to start up this clinic, came up missing. I had to go there to try to find her. Did you figure out what happened there? Somebody's just trying to mess with us, I think. But anyway, she's home. She's safe. We're back together, so it's all good. A happy ending. So far, so good. So, how about you? What's going on? Well, you know I'm gon na be a father. Yeah, congratulations, if I haven't said so already. Thank you. and Hope. A good surprise, I hope. Yeah, unfortunately, Bo isn't so happy about that. Well, he still loves her, Patrick. Yeah, well, so do I, and he's making my life a living hell. Yeah? And how's that?  I'm sorry. My intentions were not to come over here and cause all this and get all emotional.  Hey, that's what friends are for, right? Don't worry about it.  Thanks. But you're more Shawn's friend than mine.  Mimi, I care about both of you. I'm just sorry there's all this tension in between you.  It's more than tension. Shawn hates me.  No, no, okay? Shawn's mad at the world. You know how he gets.  You're just trying to make me feel better, but you know what I did ..  Yeah, me to tell you that. But Shawn loves you. I think when he calms down, he's gon na get over all this.  Shawn used to love me not anymore.  Mimi, just give it some time, okay? What did you come over here in the first place for, huh?  Oh, yeah, it's my car.  Mm-hmm.  It's well, sometimes it starts, and sometimes it doesn't.  Okay.  Shawn was gon na take a look at it, but anyway, it's just getting worse and worse. It needs a new transmission, I think, and probably some other things, too.  Okay.  But I don't have the money.  Let me look at it, okay? It's probably not a big deal anyway, so don't worry about it.  All right, well, whatever it does cost, I will pay. But it will have know you're good for it, okay? Did you bring it here?  Mm-hmm.  Good, then I'll take a look at it.  Thank you. I really hate to ask you for this favor.  Mimi, you can come by here anytime. I mean that. Anything you want, okay? I should have known you'd be here, you bitch. Well, all right, Doc. Tell me about Sami. Well, she came to see me yesterday. We both know that Sami has done some really terrible things, but I'm afraid this is the worst thing she's ever done. She blackmailed Lexie into lying to Carrie, into telling her that if she and Austin were to have children together, they would have a fatal genetic abnormality, all because she wanted Austin for herself .. You don't even look surprised to me. So you knew about this already. Oh, did you not think that I had tell me about this? Doc When did you know, Roman? I found out the day of Sami's wedding. And you didn't think that maybe it was important for me to know that, too? Doc, my hands were tied, okay? I have Wait a minute. Let me explain. When Tek told me what Sami had done Tek told you? Yeah. Tek knew about it, too. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Lexie confided in Tek about the blackmail, and I got to tell you, it made me just as sick as I can tell it made you. What was I, Roman invisible? Well, yeah. Yeah, Doc, you kind of were. What is that supposed to mean? Well, you took off right after the wedding. You took the job in New Jersey. You encouraged me to do that reason I couldn't tell you is that the business between Sami and Lexie got all tangled up in a police investigation. What about Carrie? She's your daughter, too. And Lexie's lies cost her the man she loved, so didn't you think maybe you should be telling her about it? Marlena, it was too late. Carrie and Lucas were already married. And as far as Sami goes, I pressed her to find out why she called off her wedding to Austin. I thought she just might open up about her and Lexie. But instead she clammed up. Well, she unclammed up when she got here, didn't she? Well, that's a good sign, isn't it? Roman, I wouldn't buy it. I mean, Sami is still the same selfish, conniving little wench that she always was. E.J ., you can not be serious. You expect me to tell my father that I . You don't understand. I hurt so many people Lucas and my son. You don't just get to do things like that without dealing with the consequences, believe me. Tell me something. Do you think you're the only person that's ever hurt somebody? No, of course not. Samantha, your problem is you're surrounded by people who insist on changing you, but you're you. And you know what? I think you're perfect just the way you are. I'm hardly perfect. I'm serious, Samantha. Come on, you're a beautiful, intelligent woman. You can be a little bit headstrong at times, okay? And no, you may not always make the best decisions. But you have this wonderful energy to you. You walk into a room, and every other woman just fades into the background. So, don't live your life by other people's rules. If they ca their problem. Just be you. Be Samantha Gene Brady, a woman that I happen to be crazy about. Look, I know you and Bo are friends, but the guy is out of control. Yeah, he's got a temper, Patrick. Hell, I have one, too. So do you .. Come on, I've seen you in action. Fine, that's true, but this is different. Different how? Bo's arresting me for the murder of Eve Michaels is not just some temper tantrum. What do you think it is since the charges against you were dropped? I think it's a frame-up. The arrest was based on evidence found in my house evidence that Bo planted. You really think that? The guy hassles me every chance he gets. Last night, I went to see Hope. Bo was there. The guy was out of his mind. And this little bruise here, that's courtesy of Bo Brady. The guy attacked me because he can't stand my relationship with Hope. I've had it. I pressed charges. You're kidding me. Nope. He arrested me. I figured I'd return the compliment. Patrick, listen, clipping you is one thing. But I know Bo. He's not the kind of guy to plant evidence out of jealousy or for any other reason. If he suspected you of doing something wrong, he must have had some kind of reason. Oh, you're saying I'm a bad guy, too. Come on, man. I'm not saying that. What are you saying? Hey, as far as I'm concerned, you proved yourself to me on Morgan Island, then again with Alex North. But that doesn't matter. What you got to do is find a way to coexist with Bo. Yeah, well, I've been I keep running into him. Look, I don't know how this thing's gon na play out with you and Hope. Let's just say that you do wind up with her. Bo's gon na have to get over it. I don't think that's gon na happen. I think you're forgetting one point. See, Bo's had a problem with you long before you ever got involved with Hope. See, what he's hung up on is the fact that you used to work with the DiMeras. That was a long time ago. That doesn't matter. You're gon na have to find a way to prove to him that chapter in your life is over. Okay, how am I gon na do that? You know, I don't know. Maybe I could help. You know I used to work with Stefano. Maybe if you told me a little bit about your history with him, I your life is over. It is over. All right, fine, well, then answer a few questions. About the DiMeras? Yeah. Fine. Go ahead. Well, like me, did you work for them in Europe? Yes, but like I said, that was a long time ago. Who were you taking your orders from? Was it Stefano or Tony? Why am I beginning to feel like this isn't such a friendly drink we're having? I thought I explained that. It's starting to feel like one hell of an interrogation. Roman, Sami's hurt so many people. Yeah, but, Doc, when she came to see you No, she wasn't coming here to confess. She came here so I would run interference between the two of you so maybe you would forgive her. But she did say she was sorry. Well, I wonder if somewhere deep down inside in some little, tiny, quiet, dark place, she means it. But she was so busy blaming me and blaming you and blaming Lexie until Sami takes responsibility for her own actions, nothing is ever going to change in her life. Well, Doc, whether you believe this or not, even if Sami hadn't told you what she'd done, I was about to come to you. When? Today. Wow. What a coincidence. But it's true' cause of Will. Will. Oh, Will. See, Kate and I were talking about Will and how he always gets his hopes up about his mother, and then he's always constantly let down. Kate's worried about him. So am I. Kate is his other grandmother. Of course she's worried about him. Poor kid was so disgusted when Sami called off the wedding to Austin that he went to, I'm afraid that this time, he might do something even more dangerous. I'm just trying to help you out, Patrick. I don't want to see you and Bo at each other's throats all the time. Yeah, well, I think Bo sent you here. Are you sure that's not the beer talking? That's good. You call me out of the blue. You say you want to have a friendly little drink. 10 minutes later, you're grilling me about my past. I wouldn't be surprised if you're wearing a wire. If you want to pat me down, remember, there's people watching. I think your buddy is a crooked cop, and I don't think you're much better. Easy, Patrick. Save it. This conversation's over. I'll pay for the beer. You know, I keep asking myself where we went wrong. You we do is we help people in trouble, and we didn't help Sami. Yeah, but I guess maybe we spent more time helping other people, not enough time with the kids. Well, we have busy lives, Roman, and we do take time with our children. I guess Sami just needed a little bit more of us. Yeah, which she always throws in our faces. She loves to make us feel guilty. Yeah. The kids have had a lot to deal with. I was gone. They thought I was dead. And then, of course, I got involved with John. Come on, Doc. We're not gon na beat ourselves up over that. Look, Carrie and Eric turned out fine, didn't they? They did. Yes, they did. So, where are we here? How can we help? I think we should present a united front, let Sami know that she All right, you want me to be tough on her, too, and let her know that we're not gon na come to her rescue anymore. Yeah. And also let her know that if she continues going down this path, she's going to lose everything and everyone she really cares about. All right. You know what, Doc? I think I'll go see Sami right now .. Roman. tell her also that she's welcome to destroy her own life. We will not let her destroy Will's. Um, E.J ., I'm flattered, but Samantha, don't act so surprised. Come on. I've been attracted to you since the day we met, and you know it. I saw in you then the type of woman that you are adventurous. You're not afraid. And since then, I've come to admire you as somebody who knows how to have fun and who isn't afraid to know how to fight dirty. Well, maybe that's something you and I have in common. Come on. You? E.J ., you are such a gentlemen. I can picture you on a white horse, fighting for a woman's honor. Samantha, I've basically been on my own since I was a kid. And before that, we were constantly uprooted. I had to adjust to new faces, new people. I learned how to look after myself. E.J ., I can't believe you're telling me this. What about your family? We don't have that much contact. It seems to work out better that way. Anyway. I'm not here to talk about me. I'm here to talk about you. Thank you. You deserve to be with somebody who appreciates you for who you are somebody who loves you unconditionally. You think a guy like that really exists? Yes, I do So, you're saying that nothing I could do would shock or horrify you so much that you wouldn't want to have anything to do with me? Not a thing. Samantha, I adore the bad girl in you just as much as I adore the good. You mean that? Try me. Cellphone rings Ignore it. I intend to. Damn it. Hey, Doc, it's me. I need your help. What I told you about me was supposed to stay between the two of us. Who the hell else did you tell?  Anybody who makes a living on her back has no right getting self-righteous with me, especially when she's sleeping with my husband.  Come on Cut it out Shawn-D. Willow, what are you doing here? I came looking for Mimi. She told your mother all about my past.  Your past? Shawn-D. You are the one who . Shawn-D. I should have known it was you.  I'm still your wife, Shawn. I have a right to know who you're seeing. Shawn-D. You have no rights with me, Mimi. Looking at you it makes me sick. Hello, Patrick. Marlena. Have you seen John? Yeah, he was here. I guess I guess he left. Oh. How are you? Fine, thanks. You don't look fine. Well, I did just have a couple of drinks and a not-so-great conversation with your husband. Oh, I'm so sorry. So, it looks like you could use a friend, huh? Not a psychiatrist, just a friend. Okay. I wasn't ready to go home anyway. What can I get you? Why don't we both have a ginger ale? Especially you. That's a good idea. I'mn't you order? I'll be right back. Will do. Bartender, can I get, I guess, a club soda, maybe some ginger ale? All right. Oh, my gosh. Okay, okay. Whoever you are in there, I've got pepper spray, and I know how to use it. What's up, Doc? Is that phone for me? Hey. Oh Easy, Evans. You scared me to death. Come on. I figured you might need a little help. How did you know there was nobody else in here, huh? Don't worry. I checked the place out. All right, now let's see who Patrick Lockhart has been calling. I can't believe that I got that phone off him. Relax. Oh. You did a great job. Besides, we got a few seconds while this downloads. n't hear anything. Sami Sami, open the door. Oh, my God That's my dad. E.J ., put your shirt on. I know you're in there. Open up. Oh, God. Sami, you want me to get the trooper? Dad Dad, it's me. I'm coming. Clears throat Hi. E.J. and I were just about to go to lunch. Well, I'm sure E.J. won't mind eating alone. You and I need to talk. Dad, can't it wait? No, it can't. It's fine. Another time. It's okay. Commander. Dad, come on. I Sami, how in the hell could you do that to your sister? Hey, have you seen my cellphone? Where'd you have it? It was right here. I'm sure of it. . Is this what you're looking for? Ha. Yes. Thank you. Where'd you It was right here. Oh. Okay. Aren't you glad to switch to ginger ale now? Laughs Yes, I am. And. eh, here's a club soda for you. Oh. Thanks.  I make you sick? How do you think I feel? Shawn-D. I don't care how you feel.  Well, I guess not, but I don't know what you expected me to do when I found out about you and her. Shawn-D. I expected you to butt out. We're not together anymore.  We're still legally married. Shawn-D. I'm still working on that. The way you lied and withheld information about Claire, I'm sure is grounds for annulment. Now get the hell out of here. Nobody wants you here.  Don't talk to her that and me, so stay out of it.  This is my garage. I'm so sick of you telling me who can and can not come in here. Not only is Mimi a customer, she's welcome anytime. If you can't handle that, then you can bunk somewhere else. After what you did to my car, you can get another job while you're at it, huh? Shawn-D. I I'm out of here, man.  Fine. And you keep your mouth shut about me or I'll shut it for you.  What the  Wow. Max, I am so, so sorry.  Look, it's not your fault, okay? When people are angry, they say things they don't mean.  Shawn meant those things.  You're not alone, okay? You're not alone. If you need a shoulder to lean on or anything, I'm here for you, okay? Patrick never suspected a thing. All right. I'm gon na have these numbers checked out from his phone .. If we're lucky, we're gon na find something that's gon na help Bo. Do you realize I couldn't have done this without you? You were magnificent. I was, wasn't I? I'm just sorry that I had to get you involved. You know what? I kind of liked it. You make life very exciting, John Black. You think? You know, if excitement is what you're after, you better just stick around. Now, let's see. I think I was working my way up to oh, yeah asking you a question. I'm ready whenever you are. What did mom say? What do you think? The truth. I didn't mean to hurt Carrie. Really? Then why'd you do it? Lucas both panting after Carrie. And the way she was leading them on was disgusting. Sami, what the hell is wrong with you? Do you really not see how sick this is? What you did to your sister was unbelievably heartless and cruel. I apologized to her for it. I don't know what else I can do. Well, you can start by treating people decently. And until that happens, I don't want much to do with you. Look at me, damn it. Sami, did you hear what I just said? Yes, I did. But you know what? I'm sick of people trying to change me. I am who I am. And if you and mom love me unconditionally, you'll accept me. And if you don't, then I guess that's tough. But I am through turning myself inside out trying to be the perfect person that you want me to be. I have apologized, If you have a problem with it you know what, Dad? You can leave. Wow. My God, Sami. Yeah, good attitude. But I'll tell you what there is no way in hell that I'm walking out of here till we have this out. Well, I'm going to lunch. Have it out with yourself. Damn. I warned you not to contact me. Yeah, well, things have gotten more complicated. If they have, that's because of you. I told you not to call me, and I told you why. Yeah, to protect your ass. To protect the whole operation, including you. And I'm not sure I like your tone. My tone. Well, this is something you're gon na want to hear. You're not listening to me, Patrick. I don't want this trail coming back to me. Do is onto me. I wouldn't worry about John Black. I have his future all mapped out. We're both in love with guys who stopped loving us. What's wrong with us? Did you know that she was a drug addict? Yeah. Well, then I guess you also knew about the porn movies that she's made.  I want to get the hell out of here and move to Europe.  I can't move to Europe with you or I won't. Will you please marry me, Marlena? 
Thanks, handsome. You want me to keep them coming? I think that would be a great idea. Whew It's a little early in the day to be knocking that back, isn't it? E.J ., you're just in time to join me. I'm celebrating. Oh, what are we celebrating? The new-and-improved Sami Brady. Ahh, I wasn't aware she needed any improving. Well, she does. But I think you're gon na like the new me. That must have been some conversation you had with your dad. It probably would have been just like every other conversation I've had with him " shut up, Sami. What the hell is the matter with you? Why can't you be nicer to your sister? " Blah, blah, blah. So, what made this one different? You. I did just what you said. I told him I am who I am a he can is he going to take you or leave you? I don't know because I didn't stick around to find out. I figured, why should I spend time with him when I can be with someone like you, who actually appreciates me? You're right. So, E.J ., I've been thinking to myself, how am I ever gon na repay you? Well, let's see. I think I have a couple of ideas. Was that one of them? One of them.  What are the odds of all of us showing up here at the same time to get married? You know what they say about great minds. Yes, so I guess Carrie and I had the same idea. Cute.  Oh, I'm sorry we didn't tell you. We didn't want to invite anyone and then have Sami show up and ruin everything for us.  Like she did last time we  Yeah, but not this time. Everything's gon na go perfect, and we're gon na get married. And then we're gon na leave Salem and Sami, and we're gon na have a long, happy life together. You're leaving Salem?  Yes. When?  Tonight. Commissioner.  All clear. The room's completely decontaminated. Call CSI. Tell them to get down here A.S.A.P. Sure. Right away.  You're welcome. Did you say something, detective?  I just risked my life securing your crime scene. A simple thanks would be nice. You know, I've got two people fighting for their lives. There's a dangerous killer on the loose. Thanking my subordinates for doing their job is not my priority, detective. (Monitors-beeping) Dr. Myers Mr. and Mrs. Brady. Dr. Myers.  What can you tell us, doctor? Dr lab. Dr. Johnson and Mr. Johnson were exposed to a bio-toxin that appears to be attacking their lungs primarily. We need to identify the toxin and administer an antidote. I will keep you posted. Hey. How are they doing?  Not too good. Mom walked into a trap. I called dad. He went to help her, and now they're both gon na die. And it's all my fault. () You know, I did have this boyfriend once. Well, actually he was my fianc and then we got married. So, he's actually now my ex-husband Brandon. Anyway, he used to tell me all the time that he loved me for who I really am and that he didn't want me to change, but it was a big, fat lie because the truth is, he didn't love me at all. You are the only one you and my twin brother you're the only be me and it's okay, you know? It's more than okay. I'm sorry your family can't see that. Yeah, they just want me to change. They're never gon na be happy with me as I am. But you know what? I'm just me. I'm Sami Brady. Good for you. There we go. Aah Mmm. Mmm. Oh, E.J ., slumming it again, I see. Kate, darling, you look beautiful. Oh, thank you. Let me guess you're a gothic schoolgirl. No, no a hag. Of course the wicked witch. You're going to a Halloween costume party? That's it. Actually, I'm going to a wedding. As a matter of fact, I'm late now. Who's getting married? Oh, honey, don't worry your empty little head about it I hate when she does that. She's not gon na get away with this. Yeah, could I speak to Commander Roman Brady, please? Really? No, no. No message. My dad took the day off to go to his daughter Carrie's wedding. I got to follow Kate. Samantha, let it go. No, I can't, E.J. So, you guys are getting married and leaving Salem tonight?  I didn't mean to just blurt it out like that. Because of Sami?  She's not the only reason that we're leaving. Okay, she's the main reason but Austin also has a great job lined up.  I'll be heading up Mythic's European operations in Zurich. In Zur oh, my gosh. Well, what will you be doing?  Well, hopefully I'll be working just as hard at Highstyle. Good, sound options all the way around, partner or wife.  Thank you.  No, I know this is hard for you. Yeah.  It's hard for us, too. But if we have any chance at being happy, we need to put some distance between us and Sami. Well, this is some distance.  I know. I hate that it's come to this. Please tell me that you understand and that you're happy for us. Are you happy?  Yes. That's all that matters to us.  We're all ready for the next wedding. You two have to catch a plane. Why don't you go ahead?  Oh.  Okay.  Great. Thank you. Oh, our witnesses. We  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Gasps Yay Dad, hi We ran into each other in the parking lot. Hope we're not late.  No. Perfect. . Carrie told me she was gon na wait till afterward to tell you guys. Oh, Marlena, you look almost like a bride yourself. Well, that's because she is. We didn't know about Carrie and Austin's plans till we came here to get married ourselves. Doc, all the best. John, you too. Thank you.  If everybody's ready, we can get started.  We're ready. All right. Let's go.  You okay? Yeah, come on. This day is not about me. It's about you and Austin.  We're getting married. About damn time. Come on. I got a bride to give away. Let's go.  If everybody's here, let's get started.  Okay, this is it. I can't believe we're finally here.  Me either. You know, if we don't get this be here when your plane's up there. Let's go. Okay, let's back up a couple of steps here, Stephanie. This is not your fault.  That's what I've been telling her. But I knew my mom was walking into a trap. What kind of trap? They paged her over the P.A. system to go to some exam room. What made you think it was a setup? She's only been working here a couple days, Uncle Bo. She doesn't even have any real patients yet. Why would they be paging her? Yeah, but she couldn't resist a call for help. I begged her not to go. I told her it could be the same person who caused my accident, but she wouldn't listen. That's when you called your dad? Yeah, she didn't come back, so I called him, and he went to help her Well, they'd be in a heck of a lot more trouble if you hadn't called 911. You did a good thing. Have you talked to Abe or Roman? No, no one's come to get a statement from me. Okay, you sit tight. I'll be right back. Keep an eye on her. Abe, what the hell's going on here? I don't have time for this, Bo. Someone is out to hurt my family. My sister may die. Don't go pulling rank on me now. I'm the police commissioner. You're a suspended detective. Yeah, well, that's something we got to fix. I want back on the force ..  Dr. Carver. Mr. Finch.  I see you got my message. I'm on my way to clean out my locker.  You've got 10 minutes. Don't worry, I'll be sending a security guard to escort you out. What the hell do you think I'm gon na do, raid the med cabinet on my way out?  At this point, nothing would surprise me, Dr. Carver. 10 minutes. Sighs  You okay? What the hell are you doing here, Tek? You are violating the restraining order I have against you.  I'm here on police business. You don't know what's going on? You could say I'm out of the loop.  Way out. There's been a biohazard alert here at the hospital. What?  Steve and Kayla were exposed to some kind of airborne powdery substance. They're in quarantine. How? What happened?  Looks like a biotoxin was released through an air vent. Oh, my God. How are they?  Not good. Who would do something like that?  Same guy who caused Max Brady's left behind a glove just like the one we found in Max's garage. Somebody's really out to hurt the Brady's.  Yeah, it looks like it. I wish there was something I could do to help.  I'm sure there's something you could do for Kayla and Steve. No, I can't.  Why not? You're a doctor. A doctor who doesn't work here anymore.  Austin, repeat after me. I, Austin, take you, Carrie, to be my wife.  I, Austin, take you, Carrie, to be my wife. . To have and to hold from this day forward. . To have and to hold from this day forward. . For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer. . For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer. . In sickness and in health, to love and cherish till death do, to love and cherish till death do us part.  Carrie. I, Carrie, take you, Austin, to be my husband.  I, Carrie, take you, Austin, to be my husband. . To have and to hold from this day forward. . To have and to hold from this day forward. . For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer.  For better or worse, for richer, for poorer. . In sickness and in health, to love and to cherish till death do us part. . In sickness and in health, to love and to cherish till death do us part.  Do you have rings?  You have them.  Oh, yeah. I have the rings.  Okay. I'll take that one.  Okay. I give this ring as a symbol of our love.  Okay. Austin, I give you this ring as a symbol something? Can I say something?  Go ahead.  Not many people get a second chance, and I just want you to know that I'm never gon na take that for granted. I promise you I'll never let anyone come between us ever again. Clapping Well, well, the gang's all here now.  Honey, why don't you let me take you to your room? Grandpa will let you know any change.  The very second. I want to be here when they wake up. We need a miracle. That's what I'm praying for.  Shawn, Caroline, I am so sorry.  Oh, thank you, Billie.  I know that if it were Chelsea in there Stephanie. It isn't. This isn't about you or about Chelsea. This is about our family, and you don't need to be here.  I am worried about Steve. Well, right now my mom why don't you just go away and let them be together? What makes you think I would put you back on the force? How about 20 years of friendship? This isn't personal. Oh, the hell it's not, Abe. My sister was paged to this room. This wasn't some random act of violence. She was targeted, just like Max and Marlena. This is about family .. Nothing more personal than that. We know somebody's after the Brady's. Not just somebody Patrick Lockhart. We've been all over this. Abe. damn it. You need me on this case. No one's more inside it than I am. You're too inside. Every lead, every piece of evidence leads you to Lockhart. Yeah, because he's our guy. He's your guy. You want to nail him because he slept with Hope. Because he's guilty. prove he's guilty, suspended or not. You know what? When they wake up, the last thing my mom needs is to see you standing out here.  Let's get you back to your room. You need to rest, honey.  Darling, he's right, you know? I'll be along in a second. She's very upset. She didn't mean all the  Yes, she did. She's just saying what all of you were thinking.  Well, our family does tend to think of Kayla and Steve as together.  Oh, I know. Another one of the great Brady love stories, just like Bo and Hope.  Well, you're a friend of Steve's, and you have a right to be here.  Thank you. I appreciate you saying that, even though I know you wish things were different.  Well, I can wish all I want. Life seems to have out. I've got to check on Stephanie.  Wait, you were fired? Well, it seems the administration has a problem with doctors who intentionally give their patients false diagnoses.  So they found out what you told Carrie. They were informed by Carrie.  So she and Austin both know what you did. Yeah, yeah. Sami was finally outed, and of course, the first thing she did was turn around and point her finger at me.  So that's it? They're just cutting you loose? No hearing? No appeal? Well, just an escort out of the hospital by security and a lot of nasty stares from my friends and coworkers.  Oh, don't let it get to you. Don't let it get to me? Tek, I'll never be able to show my face around here again. And my so-called friends just cut me off like they never even knew me. No,n't for you, none of this would have happened.  Whoa, back up, baby. I didn't tell you to lie to your patient. You seduced me into sleeping with you, Tek. You just wouldn't leave me alone. And that's what Sami used to blackmail me to make me deceive her sister.  Seduced? Yes.  You wanted me then like you want me now. You want me to put my arms around you and make everything all better. Stop it.  Lexie, just let me make everything all better. Look, I need to clean out my locker. My escort will be here soon. Stick around. Watch my complete humiliation. Sighs All right, this is all I'm telling you. We checked up on Lockhart. He has an ironclad alibi. He was nowhere near the hospital when this went down. So what? We already know he's working with someone. Stay, period. Yeah, right. You really expect me to sit back and do nothing while this creep targets my family? That's exactly what I expect. And if you don't, I'll kick you off the force permanently. Oh, gosh, Carrie, I was your matron of honor at your last wedding, and you're marrying the man that was my fianc just a couple weeks ago. And you forgot to invite me to the wedding. So it's a good thing I called dad's office, or I wouldn't have known anything about it. I mean, I gee, you two look like you're getting ready to get married, too. Well, that would be because we are. Well, then I'm doubly glad that I got here in time. Hope I didn't miss anything.  How dare you think that anybody would want you here? I've made it very clear that you're no chance that I am ever going to give you. You are devious and manipulative, and you're never gon na change. Why should I? I'm never gon na be good enough for any of you. I mean, look at Carrie. She cheated on both her husbands. She's 0 for 2, and yet she is still the perfect daughter, the perfect wife. And everything is my fault, and I know that is never gon na change.  Hey, none of this would have happened if it wasn't for your stupid lies. You are a mean, hateful, hurtful person, and I am tired of giving you chances. Change, don't change, jump off a bridge I don't care. I'm done with you. You're not my sister, and I don't want to have anything to do with you ever again. Now get out.  Do it or I swear, I will pick your ass up and throw think it would be a real good idea if you got the hell out of here. You all are a bunch of judgmental hypocrites. Oh, bad little Sami doesn't fit in with the Brady family. Well, you know what? Why would I want to? You can all spend the rest of your lives boring the hell out of each other. I am going to live an exciting life where I don't have to please anyone but myself. I hope you both have a long, miserable life together. Try to be faithful. You deserve each other.  Well, shall we get back to the ceremony?  Absolutely.  Where were we? The children were just about ready to say something to each other.  Okay.  Shake that off. Here we are. We're finally gon na begin our life together. You know, if this was a movie or a romance novel, we would know how it ends, how it works out I can't promise you a happy ending or a long life. I can't even promise you tomorrow. But no matter where we are, what we're doing, and how long we have together or if we lose our fortune or our health or our way, I can promise you this, I will always love you, Carrie.  Do you know why I love you, Austin? Because in your eyes, I always shine. You love me for me. I don't even have to do anything or be anything. I just have to get up in the morning. And that's an amazing gift to give someone. And you give it to me every day. And I want to give that gift to you. Plus, you are the world's best kisser. Laughs  No, no.  Sorry.  Austin and Carrie, people who are in so much love as the two of you have agreed to live together in matrimony and promised your love you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride.  Yes Cheers and applause  Just look at the two of you side-by-side, lying there. You look like the perfect couple. I know you don't want to hear this, Steve, but even I can see the two of you belong together. I won't tell him you said so.  Hi. Hey. Any change?  This can't be happening. They can't die. To a long and happy life. Yes. And may your joys outweigh your sorrows.  Hear hear. Cellphone rings Will you be able to Excuse me. Able to come to our wedding?  Oh, you know what? We got to get going.  But we'll be thinking of you. John. Yeah? We understand. You are killing me you and Philip. This honey.  Mom, sure seems like it. What's up? Got an emergency at the hospital. Yeah? Police or medical? Both. Steve and Kayla were poisoned by somebody with a biotoxin. You're kidding me. Yeah, they left a calling card, too black leather glove. Now, John, listen to me. I promise you, I do not want to ask you to do this on your wedding day. And I can't ask you this officially, okay? But I need you over at that hospital. I need your eyes and ears. Steve and Kayla are family. Doc will understand. Just let me fill her in on what's going on. Okay, hang on. Just tell her nobody else till we know more. Got it. Good. I'm sorry, but I got to go.  We said no tears. I never said no tears.  Well, had that bad-news look. There's an emergency at the hospital. Shall I go with you? Carrie needs you now, but come by there later. Sure. Hey. Yeah? I'm sorry about the wedding plans. Well, I was looking forward to it, but listen, in my heart, we're already married. Mine too. And this is family. So, I love you. Please be careful. Come on, you know me. Yeah, that's why I said it. See you soon. Okay. Well, I hate to break up this party, but John and I have to leave ..  What?  Oh, no. Wait, what about your wedding? I guess a situation has come up.  Oh, you let us go first and now you can't get married? No, we will.  Oh I that you were here. and you, too, dad. Oh. I wouldn't have missed this for anything. You'll be happy.  I will. I love you. Back at you, sweetheart. And you better damn well keep in touch or I will be over there knocking on your door, okay? All right, I love you.  I love you. Bye.  Bye hey. Hmm.  I hope well, I know that you and Marlena will be as happy as Austin and me. Yeah, we will. Don't be a stranger, okay?  I'll be back before you know it. I'll be here for you. Coughs Uh Rick, that was perfect. Another one. Went that well, eh? My life is not going well, E.J ., and it is mostly your fault. It's his fault. What did I do I was stupid enough to take your stupid advice. (British-accent) " Stand o your family, Samantha. Tell them they can take you or leave you. " Well, they left me. Yeah, well, you're better off without them, anyway. That's easy for you to say. You haven't been blackballed by your family. Whoever said blood was thicker than water they don't know the Brady's. The only blood that matters to them is the blood that's pouring out of my heart as they stick daggers in it. God If they're so awful, why do you care about how they feel? I don't, but it's still wrong what they did. Can I have another, Rick? What's taking so long?  You look like hell. With Kay, I. I just can't say another goodbye.  I know. Listen, I believe that she knows you're here. with her, she'll stay with you. You know what? Being booted from the force that's not gon na keep me from investigating Lockhart. I know he's given you a roof over your head, but if you see or hear anything I don't want you to put yourself in danger, but if you see anything suspicious  Okay, okay, okay, I got you. I understand. Thanks. Hey, Bo. Hey, man. Sorry to interrupt, but I need to talk to you. It's important. Kramer.  Commissioner. Shouldn't you be back at the station?  I was on my way when I ran into Lexie. I think that's called violation of a restraining order.  I ran into her by accident, but I didn't have to tell you. So, why did you?  Because I care about her more than I care about humiliation of clearing out her locker, and it comes complete with cold stares and an armed escort. I figured you should know your wife needs you. I got to get back to the station. Kayla.  Any news, doctor? Dr. Myers Yes, we've identified the toxin.  Thank the Lord. What do you got there? Dr. Myers The antidote. We're going to administer it now.  Okay, then what? Dr. Myers We wait. For how long? Dr. Myers That's up to Steve and Kayla and whether or not they respond. Excuse me. Hang on, sis. Hang on.  Yeah. You would not believe the way that my sister was talking to me. And my parents they backed her up. They told me they don't want me in the family, that they don't want to have anything to do with me ever again. know, if I wasn't so mad at you, I would have sex with you on this bar right now. Hey, Rick, I need another shot. (Coughs) How about some coffee black? And sex on the beach is okay. Sex on the bar will get you tossed. Hey. I don't think that'll be a problem. Thank you. Well, you're wrong about that' cause I'm a problem. Just ask my family. They'll tell you. I'm nothing but trouble. I'm not perfect like Carrie or Belle or Eric. I am the anti-Brady. Shh. Now, why don't you forget about your family, okay? They don't appreciate you. I don't think they're gon na make you happy. The way that you can? Exactly. Now, why don't I drive you home and we'll finish exactly where we left off? Let's go. fired. Nurse 2 It's been coming for a long time. Nurse 1 Oh, here she comes. Murmuring Commander Carver. I've got this. Nurse 1 Uh, Mr. Finch said that I said I've got this. Nurse 1 Make it quick. Dr. Carver. Now, I want you to be sure you take care of her.  I promise. I promise. Mom. No, please don't. Don't tell me that it's time.  Okay, well, I'm just gon na have to tell you that I love you. I love you. I love you more than you know. I can remember when I made your angel costume for a class play.  I don't remember being an angel. You were an angel. I remember everything.  I'm gon na miss you like crazy. Yeah. Well, I think John, maybe for our honeymoon.  Oh, please do. That would be fantastic.  We got to go. We got to go. We got to go.  Bye. Travel safely. Have a wonderful, wonderful time.  Bye. Take care. Come on. Come on.  Okay, okay.  Okay. Have a good trip. Yeah. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.  Here we go.  Okay.  All right. You and Marlena make a great team. This was all Marlena. These highlighted numbers those are all the calls from Lockhart to E.J. Wells? Affirmative. This last one here was placed right after I talked to him about working for the DiMeras. We knew he was working with someone, but E.J. Wells? Go figure. International race car driver, ex-thug turned cop I'd say that makes strange bed partners. I think it Sorry, Bo, she's taken. Yeah, well, this could be the connection to prove that Lockhart's the one hurting our family. Yeah, we just got to be careful. We get in Abe and Roman's way, they're gon na stop us dead in our tracks. This is my family I'm talking about no one's gon na stop me, not even my brother. Dr. Myers We'll know within 24 hours if antidote works.  Oh, thank God. Maybe Max was just trying to wait for the right time. Please tell me, okay? Because not knowing is the one thing I can't handle.  I want you to do everything anything. I am not gon na let my daughter die. You didn't follow orders, and I'm about to kick you off the force for good. It's either Lucas and Will or me. 
Excuse me, is Detective Brady here? Sorry, Bo's out on a case. You're his kid, right? Yeah. If it's important, I can call him. No, that's okay. I'll just wait around for him. Thanks. I'll see if the public defender's office has sent your lawyer. Thank you. Nice jumpsuit. What's wrong, Chelsea, bad hair day? You know what, Willow? Don't even talk to me. Don't count on the lab returning your favorite hairbrush, because as soon as your dad gets a look at that DNA, you'll be sporting the new jewelry and spending some quality time in the slammer. Peace out, loser. (Telephone-ringing) Damn it, I told you not to call me here. Such hostility. Yeah, well, what do you expect? A little honor amongst thieves. I'm hanging up now. I wouldn't that Lucas had his meeting with the doctor who confirmed the amnio - I can't talk now. Why? Is your poison dwarf there? You set him up, didn't you? You unbelievable bastard, you pretended to be a doctor? I should have known. I did what I had to do. Considering you were trying to fool me with a phony amnio report, I needed to determine what was real and what was. well, you being you. So, get rid of him. We need to talk. He's having lunch with his mother. Good. Call me when he leaves. No. No? Samantha, don't be silly. You do not want me coming looking for you. You're insane. No, my dear. I'm a DiMera. Hey. I heard the phone ring. Who called? Telemarketers. You've been getting a lot of those lately, guess once they find out that you're planning a wedding, they are like vultures and they come swarming around with a lot of crap you don't need. Like what? Huh? What were they trying to sell you? I don't remember. Are you okay? Yeah. I'm fine. I'm just what are you doing? I'm gon na hang up the phone. Oh, I pushed the caller I.D. I just hate it when I do that. And look, it's E.J. Wells. You're lying to me right now? E.J. is calling you? Why the hell is E.J. calling you? Bartender, I'll have whatever he's drinking. Kate darling, successful shopping trip? No, not actually. Well, if volume is anything to go by. Yes, well, I couldn't decide what to buy, so I bought everything. I can Oh, you're naughty. Thank you. E.J ., you're a man. Yes, I am. Mm-hmm. How do women do it? How do women do what exactly? Well, how do women turn smart, decent men into Oh, into their devoted fiancs. Yeah. I'm thinking about doing an intervention. For Lucas? Mm-hmm. I'm going to cure him of his addiction for Sami. Be fair, Kate. I'm sure there's a lot of men who've fallen under your spell over the years. Oh, God. Now you're comparing me to that you know, I can't even think of a nasty adjective anymore. I mean, I've run out of them, and, hey, I've only started to drink. Shopping didn't improve your mood, eh? No. I couldn't find one thing to wear. Well wears beige and sits quietly in the corner. Sounds perfect. Yeah, it does. And I'd be very happy to do that, but unfortunately for me, Sami has decided to have a green wedding, which means everything has to be environmentally friendly. A green wedding? I wasn't aware Samantha had a social conscience. Oh, well, she has no conscience, actually social or otherwise. Really? Well, I'm sure you will find something. appropriate. How about this? This looks awfully green. Maybe you can put that somewhere. No, no, actually, as beautiful as that may be, I'm thinking a funereal black. Funereal black? I like that, but how about something a little more fun? Something exciting, something red maybe. Red. Red mmm, for this wedding? Well, no, not for the wedding. For the wedding, that would be inappropriate, but for Tipsy? Just a bit. ()  All that food there for you, big guy? Well, if it isn't Father Brady. And, no, wise guy, it's not. It's for the guys down at the station. I'm treating today.  Okay, look, I get it. You talked to Kayla and you're pissed. She needed help. She asked, I went. Nobody got hurt. Only because you were lucky and Stefano didn't hire better help. Kayla needed somebody to talk sense into her, Max, not fly off to Italy and play dress-up.  She told you everything? Not everything, but she told me about the evidence, the gunplay, your little photo shoot with Stefano's scar. Did you steal the clothes from a priest?  No, she did pay for those. Okay, well, that was a plus, all right? Max, tell me something. What a doctor. And you are a mechanic.  Don't talk down to me, Roman. I'm not talking down to you. I'm talking sense to you. You and your sister could have gotten yourselves killed. From now on, you leave the DiMeras to me. It's not your fight.  What are you talking about? E.J. tried to kill me. And that little accident he set up almost killed Stephanie, and that's not even mentioning the stuff he's done to Steve. Look, as long as the DiMeras are going after my family, it is my fight, Roman, just as much as it is yours. So don't give me these speeches. Stop with all that, okay? Because I'm not backing down not for anyone. I do look stunning in red. You do, and out of it, if I remember correctly. Oh, you are such a delicious cad. about the wedding. No, no, let's not' cause it's going to turn me into an alcoholic. Say you had a thoroughbred, okay? A real beautiful horse, winner in every way, but it never quite made it to the winner's enclosure. Oh, I love horses. The point being, sooner or later, you would cut your losses and realize you had to stop worrying about it. What the hell are you talking about? I'm talking about the fact look at Samantha's track record. The chances of her and Lucas getting married at all, let alone living happily ever after, are almost none. There is a baby involved here. When there's a baby, it changes things. It bonds couples like a leg-iron. Never mind the fact that Lucas is completely besought over the idea of being a father again, and he sees Sami as the Madonna. And I'm talking about the religious of my favorite women. Sighing Oh, my God. You know, there aren't enough martinis in the world to get me through this. Ah, thank you. I'll try. Kate, Lucas is very smart. If Samantha is playing some kind of game with him, then he's gon na figure it out. Have you ever heard the expression " love is blind "? Have you ever heard the expression " marriage opens the eyes "? Yeah, well, I would like his eyes opened before the ceremony, before he gets to the altar. You never know. Maybe you'll get your wish. You know, you keep on teasing me with this as if you know something that I don't and you know that I'm gon na want to know exactly what that is. Me? Oh, no. I'm just making conversation. Oh, come on. You never just make conversation. Sighs I Do you know something about Sami and Lucas that I don't? So, what's up? What did E.J. want this time? Nothing. It was just E.J. being E.J. All right, fine. You know, I've been thinking about what you said a while ago. About what? I think we should move. That's what. Lucas, I don't want to move because of E.J. We need a fresh start, okay? We need new jobs, a new apartment, new everything. I'm sick of this. I'm not an idiot. I can see what's going on. The guy still thinks he's in the game with you. There is no game. It's over, and you won because I am in love with you. What would you do if it was different? What would you do if someone you hated was after me and they wouldn't leave me Scratch her eyes out. See? But you would tell me to forget it. Come on, you would say to leave it alone, that the only thing that's important is that I love you. That's what you would say to me. So that's what I'm saying to you. I I love you, Lucas. I love you so much, and I don't want anything to come between us. All right. All right, we are for real this time, all right? We're a family. That's what we are. We're a very happy family. All right? You stole my brush. Why would I want your skanky hairbrush? Because you needed somebody to pin all of this on so that you could steal Hope's jewelry and then torch their place, and you know what? My dad is gon na figure that out. Bo and Hope were my meal ticket. She were giving me money to live off of. Now, why would I be so stupid to screw that up? Nobody really said that you were that smart. I had no reason to torch the place. Oh, and I did? After your mom went Mrs. Robinson on Baby Einstein? Yeah, I heard. Hey, what's that called, acting out, misplaced aggression? I think I read about it once in People Magazine. Oh, you read? Tip for you, college girl when your mom is looking better to your man than you are, it's time to give up. Willow, I'm really warning you you better shut your mouth. Cheer up, Chelsea. It's not lonely in jail as long as you don't mind batting for the other team. Just do yourself a favor don't eat the chili. It's a real turn-off. Come here. Sit down for that book I'm reading on pregnancy says that pregnant women kind of get a little sad sometimes. You know, they get anxious. You're reading a book? Yeah, I'm reading a book. This is big for me. This is the first time we're going through this. It means a lot. Sighs You know, John used to read to me, and he'd hold me like this, and he would read my favorite fairy tale over and over. Let me guess you were the princess? Laughs Of course I was the princess. But, you know, it actually always made me kind of sad. Why? Why, no happy endings for my baby? There was. But the whole part about how she got all dressed up and she got the horse and carriage and she got to go to the party and be with her handsome prince, and the whole time she knew that she'd have to be, and that she would have to go back to her messed-up life just like it was before. Listen, our party is never gon na end. I promise you. Even if some evil ogre tells you a horrible lie about me? Bring on that ogre. I'll take him out, Lucas style with my knuckle sandwich. Stop it. Speaking of which, the evil queen Kate is waiting for you for lunch. So what? I'll cancel. I don't have to go to lunch. Lucas, don't do that. She'll hate me. It's fine. You know what? I'll just have some of that chocolate you bought me. That'll tide me over. You sure? Yes, I'm sure. All right ,' cause I'll get you chocolate. Oh, here it is. Special chocolates for you. But if these don't work for any reason, honey, you call away, okay? Yes, of course I will. And, um, that book I've been reading, it says that pregnant women kind of you know, their feet get a little big when they're pregnant. Why are we talking about my feet? Because I have to know what size glass slipper to buy my princess. That's why. Mmm. Mmm. You sure you're gon na be okay? Yes. I love you. If you need anything, anything at all, you call me right away and I'll run back and I'll take care of you and your needs. I love you. This wedding is like a damn freight train. Freight trains often derail. Well, not this one. Because Sami gets what Sami wants and Sami wants to be Mrs. Lucas Roberts. Why? Why love. Highly overrated. Respectability. Respectability? I thought the . Sami is the black sheep. She was born wanting more. What else is it you think she wants? Everything. Everything? And she thinks she's gon na get this with Lucas? Cellphone rings Sorry. Would you, um. I have to take this, darling. Thank you for returning my call. Lucas just left. I'll be right over. Don't kill yourself getting here. I'll do my best. Sorry. I'm gon na have to leave you, I'm afraid. Something came up at the office. Oh. Listen, darling, keep your chin up about Lucas and Samantha. When it comes to affairs of the heart, things are rarely what they seem. Ah. Finally something to drink for. Chelse. Gag me. Thank you for coming. I'm really sorry that I was a brat before. It was unfair of me, and okay. Everything's gon na be fine, Chelsea. I promise.  Food's getting cold. So they'll eat it cold.  End of lecture? Max, I'm not trying to lecture you. You know what? Maybe I am trying to lecture you, but  It's for my own good. And Kayla's. You don't know what you're up against.  I'm not stupid, Roman. No, but you got more courage than you got sense.  All right, thanks a lot. Max, Stefano may have one foot in the grave, but E.J. Wells is still around and he is a clear and present danger.  You're talking to a guy he almost killed. That is exactly what I'm trying to get through your thick skull. That makes it personal. When it's personal, you make mistakes.  So, wait, are you saying that's not . I am trained to take a step back, but you  I'm a mechanic with a chip on his shoulder, right? If you want to protect Kayla, next time call me or Bo.  Yeah, her real brothers. Oh, no, no, don't make it about that.  You treat me like an outsider, Roman. This is my family, too. Sometimes you forget that. No, Max. I do not forget that. We all have a stake in this, baby brother, and you know I call you that out of affection. Right? All right. Now, are you gon na give me the dirt on the rest of the trip?  What dirt? New York City, Abby. Any of this ring a bell?  Uh, Kayla's got such a big mouth. If you want to keep secrets, you find another clan. All right, so tell me what's Hey. Sorry I'm late, all right? Are you all right? Yeah, yeah, why? Well, I don't know. You have that look on your face that you used to get when you were a kid and you came home from school and something had gone wrong. You want another drink? That looks a little low. I'm gon na get you another drink. Sure, I'll have another drink. All right, bartender, can we get her another martini and something nonalcoholic for me? So, how's Sami? Wow. That was good. That almost sounded sincere. Thank you, thank you. I've been practicing. I mean, I don't want you to turn this into another Sami/Kate grudge rematch, all right? Just cut her a break, all right? Thank you. Thank you. What are you looking for? I'm looking for behind a potted plant somewhere? He left, Lucas. He left. You promise? I'm positive. I promise. Good. That guy's like a bad rash. You can't get rid of him. Well, you work for the man. I mean, you live in the same apartment building that he does. Yeah, and he said he was gon na leave, said he was gon na move out. I'm thinking about taking care of everything, you know, changing it up a little bit. Really? What were you gon na change where you work or where you live? Both. I want this guy out of our lives for good. It's ridiculous. Well, honey, other than the obvious, how else is he in your life? Look, if I tell you something, do you promise just to listen and not judge? Can you do that for me? Of there's something going on between Sami and E.J. I don't know what it is, but there's something going on. I mean, every time Sami starts to talk about the wedding, she gets all excited, and then out of nowhere, she she gets scared. She feels like something's gon na go wrong. Sounds like prewedding jitters to me. So it's normal? I mean, most women get like that before they get married? Well, yeah, of course they do, but, I mean, then again, Sami isn't your typical bride, now, is she? What are you saying, mom? If you've got something to say, just come out and say it. I can handle it. Do you promise not to shoot the messenger? Okay. It's just that I've been thinking. I've been wondering if there isn't a reason and I'm not saying what that reason maybe Sami has changed her mind about getting married to you. Dr. Young, I presume. Not a bad ruse, eh? Shut the door. What are you doing? I warned you what would happen if you deceived me. Stay there. E.J ., don't. Is there anyone else I should be calling aside from Lucas? You know, anyone else whose " Y " matches your " X "? Stop it. Don't don't call Lucas. Why? I think he should know about you being unfaithful. Maybe we could teach him something about genetics at the same time. Give me the phone. Hey, leave it alone. Oh, sweetheart, you really didn't want to do that. but is it true? Please don't tell Lucas. I don't want him to find out this way. What, that the baby you're carrying probably isn't his? Lucas will find out? Good. Face it, Samantha. You'd waste your life with Lucas. I don't know what you're talking about. I love him. He is kind and caring and compassionate and loving. Oh, please. Could you set your bar any lower? He's like a flipping lapdog. Don't talk about him that way. I'll talk about him any way I want to. You see, Lucas is gon na get nothing because people like Lucas are worth nothing. I will not let him take my child.  Then stop him, Samantha. You have something he wants, something that you can use to gain power over him. He wants you, Samantha. He wants you. Oh, my God. Lucas. Lucas doesn't deserve this. He doesn't deserve any of this. I can't do this to him anymore. I can I can't let him live the fantasy. when we both know that the baby is yours. And I've known it all along. Sami's stressed out, and you immediately hit me with, " oh, this wedding's not gon na happen. " That's real nice. You brought up the subject, remember? Yeah, and you didn't even offer to help. You didn't offer to say, " is Sami okay? " You just assume the wedding's off. When it comes to Sami, I think it's best to be prepared, Lucas. We know she wants this wedding, all right? We worked hard on this whole thing. Yeah, well, weddings are easy. It's the marriage that kills you. What are you talking about? All you want to hear from me is, " Sami's wonderful. Sami adores me. Sami is going to make a great wife. " Yeah, she will. She will na deal with this. I don't want to meet with you if this is gon na be our dynamic. I'm out of here. I'm not the only one who thinks this. Oh, really? You talking about my personal life to other people? No, no, because I would never do that. I don't believe you. All I'm doing is relaying information that I've heard. Oh, relaying information. From who? E.J .'s antennae are up. Oh, E.J.? E.J ., huh? Well, I'll pay my bill, and I'm gon na kill him. Oh, okay. Well, you just do that. Go ahead, beat him up. Why don't you beat him up? And then you can get arrested, and then you can lose your job. And that's not gon na fix anything, because E.J .'s not the problem. I . So don't cancel the wedding for my sake. Do it for your sake. I'm so glad you're here. Enjoy it while you can, Nick, because she's gon na be locked up for good real soon. Can you guys take her away, please? Let go of me Let's take her to holding. What about my lawyer? Your meeting just got cancelled. We need to talk. Look, Nick, I know that Willow planted that brush and used it to try to frame me, but there's no way that I can prove it. I believe you. I always believed you. Just not enough to help me. Look, it's fine. I don't blame you. I mean, I basically told you that we were over unless you did help me, so. I did. You did what? Help you. Nick. So? Are you gon na tell me what really happened?  Nothing happened. Max, you go out of your way to see a beautiful girl in a city like New York, things happen.  We talked. You talked.  Yeah, about a lot of stuff. We kind of missed each other, and I missed how beautiful and smart a girl why am I talking to you about this? Because I'm your brother and you need to tell somebody. So, now what happened after all this talking?  Well, Chelsea showed up and I crashed in the chair. Wait a minute. Let me get this straight here. New York City, two beautiful girls in a hotel room, and you sleep in a chair?  Go ahead, laugh. Laugh it up. And you call yourself a Brady? No, seriously. It sounds like you had more than enough time to give me a call.  I had to check in with you, Dad. You didn't get my message?  What message? Well, I asked Maggie to tell Abby to have you call me.  Wait, Maggie knows I was in New York with Abby? Is that a problem?  Damn it, Roman. You call yourself a cop. So, you trust E.J .'s instincts more than mine, right? You're in love. You can't see what I see. I think Sami is gon na break your heart and it's killing me. You said you'd try. You said you'd do that. I have tried, Lucas. There's a big difference. You pretended to try, all right? That's why I push you out of my life. Listen to me, okay? Listen to me how many times have you caught Sami crying lately, huh ?' Cause it's not all related to talk her back from the edge? Ask yourself does that honestly sound like a woman who is ready to settle down and be married, to be your wife? Because if you can answer yes to that question, that will end this discussion and I will never, ever mention it again. Well, I'm amazed of your precognitive power, Samantha. " Precognitive " means I know what it means. Mm-hmm. Then you know that this baby is mine? Yeah. Then why would you go to such elaborate means to deceive me? I should think that's obvious. Because I didn't want you to take our child and disappear with him the instant it's born and I would never see it again. Why would you think that I would do that? Because you told me you would, and I know what your family is capable of. So you'd rather have Lucas raise our baby? He knows in the eye. And he knows the real lie. Oh, really? There are so many lies, Samantha. What is the real lie? What I really want. What is it Samantha really wants? I want this baby to be yours. Oh, bravo. Oh, that's just fantastic. Well done. What a wonderful performance, Samantha. I'm not gon na hide it anymore. You're not gon na hide it. Why would you possibly want this baby to be mine? So that my son or daughter doesn't ever have to feel the way that I do right now weak and manipulated. I want him to grow up strong and in control. I want him to face his enemies, not run from them. And I know you can teach him that. You can teach him so that he can have anything he wants if he wants it badly enough. I want our baby to be a DiMera be happy. I don't know what to say. Say thanks. Nick, what you did was really I did it because I believe in you, Chelsea. Yeah, but you can get in a lot of trouble. I don't care. It's worth it. What's worse than losing the girl of your dreams? You really do care about me, don't you? Care about you? I love you, Chelsea. I would do anything for you. So let me worry about trashing my life, okay? Oh, my God, Nick. That's it. That's it the trash. What? Give me your backpack. What? Here? Chelsea, wouldn't this be better if we throw it over a bridge or put it in a dumpster or something? No, it's perfect here. It's right under their noses, and they'll never think to scare me. Back at ya. Let's get out of here. Don't you think that maybe you should go first? Why? Well, just because I'm supposed to be waiting for my dad. Or. you got what you wanted and now it's " see you, Nick " time. Nick, that's not it. Okay ,' cause I was pretty into the idea of us having another shot once this whole mess cleared up. We'll have another shot. Okay. Just know that, you know, that's what Marissa Daniels said when I helped her pass physics, and Deanna Martin said the same thing when I let her peek at my math-analysis final. Nick, I promise you, I'm not using you, okay? We're in this together. All right. Does that mean that you forgive me for. you knowing your mom? Mm-hmm.  Cause, what you want and then leaving and - That's what this is about, okay? Got any more questions? All right, yeah, you're right. Sami is all over the place. She's supposed to be. Could you not be defensive, please? I'm not defensive. I don't appreciate you sharing my personal problems with E.J. Wells. It's not like we took out an ad in the local paper. It doesn't matter. The next time you have a little chat with him, give him this message for me, and for you, too if you hurt Sami, you hurt me. Oh, God. This is worse than I thought. Bartender. You're not having any more to drink, all right? I want you to have a clear mind. I want you to listen to what I'm about to say because I'm only gon na say it once. Are you would take this baby? Because it's what you people do. You take what you want. You don't care who gets hurt. If you have such a low opinion of me, Samantha, why do you want me to be the father of this child? Because I'll do whatever I have to, to keep this baby. Well, that should make this pretty easy. Okay, you want to keep the baby? I'll do that under the following conditions. Let's hear it. One your rather convincing performance notwithstanding, I'm not entirely convinced, so we're going to tell Lucas that there is only a 50% chance that he's that baby's father. And I trust that shortly after, we'll be getting all the medical stuff out the way so we can confirm your suspicions. Lucas will leave me. Good. That should make my second condition pretty easy for you to follow through. The wedding Then if. medical science confirms that I am a father. you and the baby, I look after you for the rest of the pregnancy, okay? You stay with me. You want for nothing. Do we have a deal? Okay. We're gon na need to think of a cover story to tell your boss. All right, let's just get out of here. I can't think around the freakin' po-po. Okay, I'm gon na go tell them that I couldn't wait for my dad, something came up. Okay, just make sure you say something about how you're gon na call him later so that it doesn't sound suspicious. Hmm, you're pretty good at this cover-up thing. Yeah, well, I'm hanging with the right kind of people. Okay, I'll be right back. Okay, ready? Yeah, let's go. Could you stop 's a joke, don't you? No. No, actually, I don't think it's a joke because I'm not laughing. Well, good ,' cause I don't care anymore. I don't care if you come to the wedding. I don't care if you accept Sami anymore. Forget it. I don't believe that. Look, if you ask me to choose between you and my future wife, I'm gon na pick my future wife every time. You understand me? And you can pay. This is a limited-time offer, Samantha. If you dare string me along, I'm gon na call Lucas and he will know immediately that we spent the night together. Okay. I'll do it. All of it. There's still the issue of you keeping up your end of the bargain. I said I will. You say many things, Samantha. Very few of which were sincere. it would change everything for us.  Darling, no, listen it's more than that. You are his weakness, Samantha, his Achilles' Heel. So use it. If you offer yourself, he will come to you. See, E.J ., I think you'd be a fool to trust me again. I don't think you should take your eyes off of me. Watch my every move. Don't listen to a word I say or how I say it. I think you shouldn't take anything at face value. See, I think trust weakens people. And I know you're not a weak man. And no matter what you think of me, E.J. I am not a weak woman. No one's gon na be able to pin a thing on him. It looks like I got him right now.  I'm not gon na let you take him down. You and Salem I would say.  Oh, will you shut up, Kate? If you're not gonna be my wife, then I'm not gon na let you be a mother to this child. So, if there is something you want to tell me, now's the time. But is it true? 
Abraham, we forgot to make a toast. Chuckles You know, it's been so long since I've been out with a beautiful woman. To a remarkable friend.  Mmm. Now, this isn't so bad, is it? No, it's good to be out. You know, uh, for the last few months, you've been my strength.  Abraham. No, I mean it. I lost my job, my eyesight, Lexie. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't offered to move in. You've been a Godsend to me and to Theo.  I see so much of Alexandra in that little boy her smile, her wonderful heart. You know, Abraham, it's been great being a part of a family again feeling safe and needed, you know? We've been there for each other to kind of fill in the empty spaces, as best we can, yes? Abe, how you doing  I can't imagine what we have to discuss, Kate. Oh, I want to discuss you and Sami. I want to know what the hell is going on with the two of you. Insane. Come on.  Insane? Well, there's a lot of that going around. What's up? I'm stressed out. That's what's up, all right? Sami's put a " condemned " sign on our future, and mom's in my face again.  Oh, well, tell me something new. And it's E.J. with this P.R. budget for the second quarter. It totally defies logic. Nothing makes sense.  Sounds like you got the prewedding jitters. You'll get over it. I don't know about that. It's just with E.J. in my face all the time, it's really getting to me.  Well, it's really hard to avoid a guy that is the way he works himself into my family, you know? He's partners with mom. You you're going into business with him for the home-security systems. And Sami he won't leave Sami alone. It's ridiculous.  What do you mean? He's always showing up. He's always with her. Every time I turn around, he's making her feel uncomfortable. He calls 10 times a day, comes over unannounced. It's ridiculous. And then every time they have their little whatever after that, she's all doom and gloom about the wedding. She's crying all the time.  Lucas, she's pregnant. Crying is part of the package. I don't think so. I don't think it's hormones. I think E.J .'s really got her freaked out.  I think that you are giving him way too much credit. And you're defending the guy who's tearing up my family . E.J ., I can't breathe. We'll come up for air once I'm satisfied that you belong to me. It is what we agreed, right? () Kate, if you don't mind, we're about to enjoy our meal. I don't mind. I've already eaten. Actually, I have something to say that I think you're going to find very interesting. Kate, look No, no, no, no. Actually, it's so convenient for me that the two of you are here together.  You've been drinking, yes, Kate? Copiously. But, still, my senses haven't been dulled so much that I can't sense a conspiracy when it's right in front of my face, and that would involve you and dear, sweet Sami the oddest odd couple in Salem, I would say. You know, I find it kind of strange. After all think that her mother wouldn't have anything to do with her, and yet there they are, thick as thieves. It makes you wonder, doesn't it? No. As a matter of fact, it doesn't. Oh, come on. You're not even the slightest bit curious? Not in the least. Oh. You know, I think she's put a spell on you. But she can't fool me. No. No. I know something's going on. I know the little blonde and Celeste are cooking up a scheme, and the problem is my son is smack in the middle of it. I really don't care what you're doing. I don't care. I just need to know that it's going on, because I need to stop my son from making the biggest mistake of his life. These are the budget reports for last year.  Listen, would you stop with the budget and don't want to talk anymore. I'm sick of it, or, in mom's case, I'm sick of getting my ears chewed off.  No mama lion was ever more ferocious. Except when she's using Sami as her scratching post.  " Marry Sami, and she'll break your heart. " Yeah, it's that, only with a new twist. People around town don't even think this wedding's gon na go off.  What people? E.J. People that's who.  Oh, come on. And you believe her? Look, E.J .'s laying money. He's laying odds that Sami's gon na pull a runaway bride.  Listen. This is your fault for believing this stuff, for listening to this. If this wedding gets screwed up, then it's your fault for believing in that trash. You know what? I don't know what to do. I mean, up to something. I just don't know what it is.  Like what? I don't know. He's evil. His whole family's evil. That's what they do, and it's got Sami freaked out.  Did she say that to you? Look, he brings out every fear and insecurity she has about our future together, about our wedding, about our happiness, about everything.  All right. Listen to me. Once this wedding goes off without a hitch and Sami realizes the sky didn't fall, she will end up happily married to one of my favorite, favorite brothers. One of your favorite brothers that's it?  Yeah. It depends on which one I'm talking to at the moment. Ha ha ha.  Ha ha ha. Here's something here. Is this what you're looking for? Look. Yeah. That's exactly what I'm looking for. It's the doesn't make sense.  What? The numbers they're all off. They don't match.  So go talk to the guy. There's only one problem. The Chief Financial Officer is E.J. Wells. Hey, what's wrong? I just don't want Lucas to walk in on us. Let him, Samantha. The guy's gon na find out eventually. Yeah, well, it's someone I care about. And yet here you are in my arms, hmm? I think there's a way to do this without being cruel. Okay, but sooner rather than later, you do understand? I have to tell him that I'm carrying your baby, yes. It's gon na hurt a lot less if you do it quick, clean, fast. We're gon na do this my way, E.J. You owe me that. I would reconsider that last please be fair. Fair? No, I'm sorry, Samantha. Let me explain something to you. Nothing is happening your way, on your terms, or in your time. I'm calling the shots here. Wow. That is so charming. Is that really how you talk to people that you care about? I do care about you, but I don't trust you, sweetheart. I don't trust you at all, so let me explain exactly how this is going to work, okay? You have 24 hours to tell Lucas 24 hours? 24 hours to tell Lucas that the wedding is off, that the baby is mine. That is impossible You'll make it happen. After that. you're gon na meet me at that old cabin. Remember the rustic little thing? Beams falling, Lucas trapped, poor little you, no adrenaline left to save him. Yeah. Why do you want you don't meet me at the cabin. I'm gon na summon Lucas up there and I'm gon na give him a play-by-play of exactly what happened that evening how I was the guy the unsung hero that saved his life. And then, of course, I'll have to tell him exactly what I was doing there and why I did it, and then, sadly, I'll have to give away one of our last secrets. Remember? The one about you and me our little rendezvous under the dashboard lights. So, now that we've made that clear, do we understand each other, sweetheart? Wow, there is nothing that screams romance quite like an ultimatum. I'm just taking away the decision, Samantha. You see, I'm always thinking of you. Your kindness is overwhelming, E.J. So, we're gon na meet tomorrow night at the cabin, 9:00? Then what? After you tell Lucas na take a wonderful little trip to Las Vegas on my jet. Las Vegas? Yes. We're gon na take a little visit to a chapel on the strip. A wedding chapel? A wedding chapel. You get to promise to love, honor, and obey. Huh. Well, it's too bad that isn't part of the ceremony anymore. Well, it's too bad that I'm a bit of a traditionalist, Samantha, so we're gon na bring that back in. I just didn't realize you were thinking along the lines of marriage. You don't think that I'll be a doting husband? I guess I just didn't realize that's where we were headed. And Las Vegas, of all places. That doesn't seem your style. I'm full of surprises. Anyway, it will be out with Lucas and in with E.J. That is, assuming that you're serious I just thought maybe I could use a little breathing room. Well, I'm sorry. Time's a luxury I can not afFord. I don't understand. Well, it occurred to me as I was thinking about it, there is another benefit to reciting marriage vows another tradition one I particularly like. That is the one that says that a wife can not testify against her husband. E.J ., you have to know that I wouldn't testify against you. Of course not. How silly. Another advantage would be that Lucas would have no claim to the child when it was born. It makes things so much simpler, don't you think? Right there. There's another one right there.  So the budget numbers don't crunch? No, they don't. It's subtle. All he's doing is moving a decimal point here and there, maybe transferring funds from place to place.  E.J Even smart people make mistakes, especially ones with big-ass egos like he has.  You are claiming what? I'm not claiming anything. It's perfectly clear. He's cooking the books.  I thought business was good. Business is good.  Where's the money? I don't know where the money is. It could be it Switzerland or the Caymans. It could be in his mattress.  This is just great. You are accusing my business partner of being a thief. He's fudging with the quarterly earnings. He's messing with Mythic's overhead.  What do you mean? He's skimming off the top. If the board catches wind of this, he's done. He'll go to jail for God knows what for a long time.  This isn't funny. Listen to me. The Salem P.D ., the FBI no one's been able to pin a thing on this guy. is real sweet for me. He's going down.  There's just one problem, bro I'm not gon na let you take him down. Did you know that Celeste crashed Sami's wedding shower and then E.J. caught them together at the Penthouse Grill? Their heads were together. They were whispering, sharing secrets. No, no, no. Something's happening, and I'm not leaving here until I find out exactly what it is.  Will you shut up, Kate? Listen to me now, all right? First you accuse me of disrespecting my daughter's memory because of a few conversations I've had with Samantha. Then you shame your own son by not trusting him to know his own heart. Oh, my God. Don't put this back on me.  It is about you, Kate. You see, it's always about you your pettiness and your jealousies. Why don't we all just calm Abraham. Oh, so am I. Well, good, good. Celeste, have you done anything that would make Kate believe. whatever it is she believes? I believe that she's a liar, okay? Calmly. Calmly. And she knows I'm right.  You're right about one thing, Kate. I have run into Samantha on occasions, and, yes, darling, we have talked. You see? . About a lot of things, darling, including how useless it is to hold on to grudges and feuds, some of which we no longer even remember the reasons for. So I asked for and I received a truce from Samantha. I'm so sorry to disappoint you, but, darling, that's really all there is to it. That's a crock. I'm warning you, Kate. I think what your secret is, is what really happened that night the night that Are we now back to your potshot theory that someone else saved your son's life? Sami had help that night. Lucas was unconscious, so he doesn't remember, but someone helped her move that beam off his leg, Abe. And you don't have any proof. I just want to get the check and get the hell out of here.  You know, Kate, you have a remarkable ability to ruin a perfectly lovely day. Oh, my God. Sami had help, and the reason she could take credit for it is that the person wanted to remain anonymous. And somehow Celeste found out about that, and she's keeping it from everyone, and she's keeping it from you. Go ahead. If you want to believe that " let bygones be bygones " speech, believe it, but you're a cop. You've been around. You have instincts, and I sure as hell would like to know what your instinct is about, all I'm saying is if he's embezzling, then  " If. " " If. " That's a big " if. " He's the only one. He's the only one who controls the books.  E.J. is way too smart to leave evidence lying around in the office. He doesn't think people are gon na check up on him. That's his problem.  No. The problem is you hate him. What about you? You're going into business with the guy, right? That's why you don't want me to bust him you're afraid you're gon na lose your opportunity?  That is so not true. It's personal. It is personal for both of us. E.J .'s been involved in our lives way too long.  What are you doing? These are 2006 financial records. I'm gon na take them to my home computer, load them up notice they're gone.  Then what? If I'm right and he is dirty, he'll know what it feels like to be ground into a fine powder and blowing in the wind.  Then you have to be willing to do the same thing to mom. Come on. If E.J. is dirty, he's gon na take mom right down with him, and she has worked so hard for this. She could go to jail, Lucas. Listen to me. I know that you've got it out for E.J. And you think that I am being selfish, but you can not want jail for your own mother. Fine. What do you want me to do about it?  Nothing. Just let it go. I have to be honest with you, E.J. this is not easy for me. I wish I could turn off my feelings for you because this is hurting Lucas and this is breaking up my family. I . What man would not want to hear those words. and from such a desirable woman, so very skilled in the art of seduction? You either believe me or you don't. I don't think it's any secret how I feel about you. I've taken too many bloody risks because of you. And you think I haven't? The question just becomes. is it worth it? My father sent me here to do his bidding, fulfill my birthright, destroy the Brady family. Then I meet you this beautiful woman. I fall hard and fast. You got right in my way, Samantha. You upset all of my plans. You caused me to lose sight of my goals. You caused me to disappoint my father, which is something I never do. though maybe now I'm making up for it a little bit, eh? What, by marrying me? No. By presenting to my father the next the most beautiful of the Brady women. looking with devotion into my eyes. You mean that, don't you? I wish that you had come to me in the beginning and you had told me that you knew the child was mine. I would have embraced you, Samantha. I would have embraced you with my love. I would have embraced you with my trust. And now? Now. I have to extort that from you. Your choice. You either accept me or you deny me. And if you deny me. you will lose everything. You will lose Lucas. You will lose your family. And, regrettably, you will lose that baby. You wouldn't, E.J. I think you know me well enough, Samantha. If you're not gon na be my wife, then I'm not gon na let you be a mother to this child. You want to know what my instincts are telling me? a long time, and if she says there's nothing to this conspiracy theory of yours, I'm gon na believe her. Even if it goes against all common sense?  Your version, not anyone else's. Let's play in your ball park.  Oh, that's a scary thought. Just for the sake of argument, let's say that Sami didn't save Lucas' life. Well, she didn't. And how would Celeste know anything about that? Sami told her. Why? I don't know why. Sami either told her or she find out some other way.  How could I? I was nowhere near the cabin that night. Oh, gee, I don't know. Maybe Lexie told you.  She didn't. According to you.  Why would I protect Samantha, Kate? You said yourself, we're hardly confidantes. I don't know. Why? know, that's a very good question, Kate. Okay, fine. Fine I give up I get it. You don't want to hear anything I have to say, although I don't even know why I'm surprised. You spent all those years with Lexie, believing in her, until you threw her out of the house for cheating on you. How dare you? How dare you come barging in here and you level accusations with no proof? And you act like you're so concerned about Sami and her relationship with E.J. when you're sleeping with that bastard. You know, you just have this twisted morality here your self-importance and you think that gives you a right to judge anybody? I get why you don't trust me, E.J. Do you really? Well, I set you up with the police. I tried to bring you down. I mean, part of me doesn't 're not half as surprised as I am. I guess it's complicated. Most things of value usually are. Well, the truth is, I wanted you, but I hated myself for wanting you, too. Does that make sense? In your devious mind, probably. Personally, me I'm a little bit more pragmatic. I like to know what I'm getting before I open the package. What you're getting is me all of me. But trust cuts both ways. That's the only way it works. I have to be able to trust that you will honor my role as this child's mother and that you won't take it from me as soon as it's born and keep me out of his life. It's a vow I will happily keep. I'm looking forward to all of our vows. Samantha, come. I, uh. I imagine a future for us where. we're in we're lying there with our child between the two of us. And you take my hand and you look into my eyes and you tell me. everything that I've ever wanted to hear. which is that no part of you regrets loving me. I've wanted you, Samantha, since that night on the mountain when we created our child. Let me make love to you. Gee, Abe, looks like I've offended you. You offended me the minute you sat down. You offended me by going after the likes of Celeste and Sami Brady when your partner your bedmate is a stone-cold killer. That's not true. Well, according to the feds and every police officer in Salem, it is true, only we don't have any proof, just like you don't have any proof of this bull you've been flinging around for the last half-hour. You know, the whole world knows who and what E.J. Wells is him, and you're right at the top of that list. You know, when the police wanted information on E.J ., they asked me to help them, and I did. John asked me to search his apartment. I did that, too. I'm the one who put my life on the line. Do I get any credit for that, Abe? Yeah. Yeah. You get credit for being a terrier a dog with a bone. Kate, until you have rock-solid proof of a conspiracy between Celeste and Sami Brady, I don't want to hear another word. You know, I know we're not exactly friends No, no, no, no. We are not friends. I care nothing about you. But Celeste Celeste is family. She's a second mother to my son. She takes care of both of us. So if you can't respect that, then you can go straight to hell. Relax. Let me make love to you. Knock on door Who is it? It's me, Sami. Open the door. My hands are full. Ignore him. What are you talking about? You gave me a 24-hour deadline. We made a deal. I will meet you at that cabin at 9:00, right? Come on My arms are falling off out here Hey, still gon na be my wife? Of course I am. But let me handle Lucas, okay? It'll just make everything so much easier. Please? I got my key. I just can't reach it. Okay. I'm coming. Oh, my God. What's going on? I got a new tux. My last one I had to cut it because of my cast. What the hell took you so long? Uh, I was in the bathroom. Sorry. That's made out of organic hemp for our green wedding, which is kind of driving me nuts right now. It's actually nice, though. Check it out. Oh, no. Um, I shouldn't look at it. Why? I think it's bad luck for the bride to see the tuxedo before the wedding day. Where the hell did you hear that? It's bad luck for the bride to see the groom. I know, but I think we better be safe than sorry, right? We don't want to anger the wedding Gods. You're serious, aren't you? I know. Just humor me. Let's just get all this stuff in the closet. Can you get it all? Yeah, I got it, but you're weird, you know that? That's part of my charm, right? Yes, it is. It's why I love you. Ow. Ow yeah, yeah. I think someone's about to have his heart broken. I almost feel sorry for the poor bastard. E.J ., you have to go. I have to talk to Lucas, and I can't do that with you breathing down my neck. You do have a lovely neck, don't you? It would be such a shame if you were to let me down, sweetheart. Such a shame. E.J ., I'm not gon na let you down. I will be at the cabin tomorrow night at 9:00, I promise. Now go. Don't you be late. You know what happens if you're late? I know. You'll call Lucas. No, sweetheart. I will do more than just call Lucas. I will say to Lucas and the world that you and I were in it together that we intended to kill Lucas with that beam, that you and I were gon na gon na be completely destroyed, you need to think long and hard about how your family's gon na feel. I understand. I understand. Just go. I'll see you tomorrow night. Please. Sami, I can't find my dress shoes. Go. Who was at the door? Some kids selling magazine subscriptions. Oh, I hate that. I know. Where's my dress shoes? They're not in the closet? No, they're not, and I could have bought new ones, but I didn't want to. Those were just broken in just right. I didn't want to mess with it. All right. Look, I'm sorry, all right? I don't need perfect dress shoes to marry you. I could marry you barefoot, naked. Laughs Barefoot and pregnant. I just want us to be husband and wife. That's the only thing that Billie. Hey. Where have you been keeping yourself?  Uh, I've been around. Oh, tell me something. Did you get a chance to repitch Bo on the idea of installing Century Cell in home?  No, E.J. The timing hasn't been right. He was just the victim of a house invasion. His jewelry was stolen. The house was almost burnt down. I can't think of a better time for him to install a home-security system.  What do you want me to say to him, E.J.? " Gee, Bo. It's too bad you didn't take me up on my offer while you had the chance. There's a reason they say it's better to be safe than sorry. But guess what. I just happen to have a home-security system just ready to be installed. And you don't want to make the same mistake twice. " I'd ease up on the sarcasm and the sorry, but Bo is a friend of mine, not to mention my daughter's father, and I will not play him like a trick. I got out of that business a long time ago. Well, despite everything you just said, I like you, Abe. I always have. So I'm gon na take everything that you just dished out. You brought it on yourself, Kate. I know. I usually do. But sooner or later, you're going to find out that I was right. And knowing how you care about the safety of your family, I strongly advise you to watch this woman like a hawk. Good night.  What is it, Abraham? Nothing.  I'm psychic, remember? You're apprehensive about something. Okay. You're right. Let's just forget about Kate and everything she said. It's just you and me now. So, is there something you want to Now's the time.  Abraham, are you telling me you believe all that nonsense? No, I've just noticed you've been a little distracted lately, and I do find it odd that you've been spending time with Sami Brady.  Darling, the truth is Samantha and I really are trying to heal old wounds. Well, I hope that's all it is. You know, Sami has a long history of causing trouble and a nasty habit of dragging other people down with her, and you're too important to me to get sucked into one of Sami's messes.  You don't have to worry about me, Abraham. Well, as a lifelong police officer, worry comes second nature. Whatever the truth is, be careful for my sake and for Theo's. We need you.  All right. I'll be careful. Okay. Let's just live a little large and have a couple glasses of champagne Okay. I'll be right back.  All right. Billie, if you really want to succeed in the business world, you need to develop more of a killer instinct.  So that's what you want me to do? You want me to win at any price, any cost, just to get the deal? The guy just had his house broken into. He's a perfect candidate for Century Cell. To be honest, I thought more of you. You dropped the ball.  Well, to be honest, I don't give a damn what you think, because right now I have a daughter who is very fragile, I have a mother and a brother who are at each other's throats, and I don't have time to listen to a seminar from you on how to succeed in business by lying, cheating, or stealing. Okay.  And if I am such a disappointment to you, I will take my business I'm serious. So am I. So, why don't you tell me has something changed in the way in which you view me?  No. No. No. Why would you think that? Well, call it a bit of a dual purpose a bit of a gift, a bit of a curse. I get to read between the lines. Why don't you tell me what brought this on, Billie? Why is it suddenly that you now want to dissolve our partnership?  I've just had a really bad day. Well, why don't you come inside? We'll have a cup of coffee.  That's okay. I really just want to be by myself right now, okay? You sure about that?  Yeah. It's nothing a good, hot soak in the tub won't cure. Mmm. Ooh, yeah. Honey. What? What? I was just always used to say we can't start what we're not gon na finish, right? Yeah, right, well, I got nothing but time. Ooh. No. Wait. Lucas, we have to stop, or else you're never gon na find your shoes. I don't care about the shoes. What I'm thinking, I don't need any shoes. I don't clothes at all. Wait a second. What? I promise we'll pick up where we left off in a little bit, but right now you got to find those shoes, okay? All right. You win. You call the wedding planner, all right? The wedding planner? Why? Ha You forgot, didn't you? Yeah, you did. I thought guys were only supposed to forget about things like that. Tomorrow night we got to take pictures for the wedding announcements. Oh. God, I do I think it's 6:00, but you better double-check, okay? Hurry up. Mmm. Chuckling Okay, I'm coming. Yeah, it's me Sami. I have to talk to you about the plan regarding E.J. I'm in. The person that you're angry at is not E.J. It's Sami. I'm not scared of you. Something we have in common. As is finding Shawn. Find someone who won't put you at risk.  Love is risk.  One match, and the world will be rid of Elvis DiMera's evil. After that, I'll have E.J .'s blood on my hands, and I'll be guilty of murder. 
Thanks very much Three away from one now. A final look at the forecast. Lows from 5 to 10  All right.  Its a recap of the 72 series, team Canada won over Russia. They play Wednesday. Excellent. See you. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can or will be used against you in a court of law. Do you have any idea of the consequences for your family if my father dies? Do you have any idea? It'll make the rest of the vendetta look like child's play. Are you even listening to me? Are you listening to me? Oh. Night night, sweetheart. You son of a bitch. Aah. You can't cheat death, old man. Dr. Rolf He must have that liver transplant.  Rolf, please. Quiet. Sighs I have no fear of death. Really? I heard you were begging people for a slice of their liver. was call on the strong loyalty of the DiMera family. You're kidding, right?  Elvis is very proud to be my donor. Well, I guess it's too bad that your proud son is on his way to jail, leaving you up the proverbial creek. I'll say this one more time either end this ridiculous vendetta, hand over Andr, or prepare for a warm welcome in hell. Sighs Lucas, come on. What is taking so long?   The club is closed, ma'am. Oh, um, yeah, hi. I'm just actually waiting for my husband.   I'm sorry, but I'm gon na have to ask you to leave now. Excuse me, ma'am? Andr?   Lucas. Eh, eh. All right.   I must say, you're going to make one ugly stain on that wall. Just give me the folio.   And let the Bradys find 'm having so much fun. Grunting Uh E.J. Stop, E.J. Stop  You expect me to sacrifice Andr, my own flesh and blood? You've done a lot worse to your flesh and blood for a hell of a lot less.  I will never turn over a blood relative to you bloodthirsty Bradys. Well, this bloodthirsty Brady is offering you one hell of a deal a slice of Junior's healthy liver and a chance for the phoenix to live maybe a little longer. Father, you're still alive. Hey, where the hell's my brother? Where is he? I'll tell you, but you let me be his donor.  See? That's the wonderful thing about tables they often turn. Yeah, don't they? You have the right to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you got the diaper on. He's rounding the right hip. Brady's lagging behind I am not. Johnson nails the left side. He's taping he's taping it. And Brady's fading fast I am not You wish, Johnson It's secure. Ladies and gentlemen, Johnson is the winner of the diaper derby. That was definitely a cheek-to-cheek finish. I think you were wiping up the rear.  You two have way too much time on your hands. (Doorbell-rings) Here, I'll get the door. Honey, we won, my little girl  Benjy Benjy, come on in. Hi Hey, look who's here Benjy. Hey, Benjy. How'd you know we were here? You didn't. You're looking for me and Bo. Benjy, I'm sorry. Bo's working. Yeah, yeah. Sure, no problem. We'll go Pocket man, if these women try to tell you what to wear, you give me a yell, huh?  Oh, my goodness. Come on, Benjy.  Oh, my goodness. Aw Shh, shh, shh, shh Hey, I'm just gon na run upstairs, okay, sweetie? Ciara's a little tired. I'll be right back. I want to bring some blankets down.  Oh, my goodness. What happened to you? Uh, okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, slow down, slow down. I'm a little out of practice. Wait. What about Stefano? Yeah, I know Stefano's dying. That means your life is in danger? Stefano. Got to get to Stefano. You take me now, you kill my father. That's murder. Do I look like I care? What the hell did you do to my brother E.J. Needle, the leg. What'd you drug him with? What? Roman? Come on. Sit up. Come on. Father, give them Andr.  He's family. He's out of control. He can't be controlled, not by you, not by anybody. He needs to be stopped. You better pray my brother doesn't die. I just gave him something to slow him down, whereas you're killing my father. No, I am not. I gave him a choice. He wants to live, all he has to do is hand over your insane cousin. Give them Andr.  Never. Then say goodbye to your youngest son, old man ,' cause he's going to jail. Think about this. Is he really worth dying for?  Take me to my room. I have nothing to say to these people. Um, you don't understand steam room, and it's been ages.   Get marriage counseling. The club is closed. Look, I just need to look around.   Are you a member? A member? Yeah, yeah. Totally a member. Upstanding, card-carrying.   Well, let's see it. Right. My card. Sure. Yeah. That's my Kleenex   I don't have all night. Look, I just need five minutes, please, Tessa.   Okay, listen, miss. Mrs. Actually. I'm Mrs. Roberts. And if you could   You're Mrs. Roberts? Yes. Yes, I am. And if you know anything about me, you know that I am friends with the owner of this place.   Stay right here while I go look up your file on the computer. Yeah, sure. No rush. I'll be right here. I want that folio. won't use that gun on me, not here. There are cops still in this building.   There's more than one way to use a gun. When a lady says no, she means no. Give me that folio.   Over your dead body. Uh Go ahead. Go ahead and kill me. Bo and Roman will hunt you down.   Good, that's what I want. I wouldn't want to kill you in vain and have them just sitting at home looking at your picture and crying. You're bait, boy. You're a bucket of chum. You're sick, you know that?   Why? Because I like to see little Bradys squirm on the floor before I pin them down like insects? Oh, man, you must have been a real nice kid.   Oh, I was lovely. I was. Can you believe it? I had golden curls. But enough of my good times. I'm not going anywhere with you. You think you can beat the Bradys? You can't beat the Bradys. Just ask Stefano.   Stefano? He has no guts. It's over for Stefano, and then I'll be taking over and your family would have hoped that he would have lived on forever. No. No.   Hey, hey, hey, hey. Listen to me. You were nothing but a pawn and a fool all your life. Now it's time to die like a man. You got a jail cell waiting for you. Give me five minutes with my father. That's all I need. He just chose protecting over keeping you out of jail. Five minutes isn't gon na make any difference. Listen to me, okay? If Andr stays out there, there's gon na be a bloodbath. You know there is. The only reason that Andr's been showing any restraint is because of care about the Bradys? I don't care what you believe. I admit, I've done some terrible things in the name of this vendetta. I've hurt your family. And I've certainly never tried to help them until Samantha showed me what a real family is all about. Just give me five minutes. Come on. I can convince him to give Andr up. Two. Go. Doc, how's he doing? Just needs some time for the sedative to wear off. He'll be okay. Okay, thanks, man. Robo Bo, what do you know? Hey, hey. I got one question for you. What's that? Is Bo short for Boseph? I don't know. Boseph, man. Imitating playing an electric guitar Join in. Come on, man. That's okay. Open your eyes, Father. I know you're not asleep., not until we've spoken.  There's nothing to talk about. You want me to betray my nephew? Don't you remember you and he Will you stop talking about our family like it's a country? It's not. And while we're on the subject, I am not your soldier. I am your son. And I'm the only person who happens to give a damn about you. So, let's stop playing games, shall we, or I walk right out this door right now. Sorry about that. What did I miss?  He loves that little elephant. So, here's the deal Stefano called Benjy, Lexie, and E.J. together, tried to guilt them all into being his liver donor.  And everybody refused? Except for E.J. Oh, my God. Lexie must be scared to death. I'm gon na call her. Would you excuse me just for a moment took courage to stand up to Stefano. That's what I told him. And I told him he did the right thing coming here to us.  You can stay with us as long as you need to. You're welcome. Does Andr know what your car looks like? We got to get it off the street. We don't want to advertise where you are. There's plenty of room in the garage. He can hide it in there. You don't have to thank us. We're family.  I don't need you. Maybe not. But you certainly need help from my liver, and I'm prepared to give it to you, so why in the hell are you protecting Andr?  Because he is my nephew. You have been corrupted by the Bradys, and now you're ready to turn on your very own. He is slaughtering people. You understand that? And not for some vendetta. the part of him that likes to torture and destroy.  Get out. You know that I'm right. That's why he's out there, hiding, trying to save his own skin while you lie in here dying.  Why are you doing this? Is it jealousy? I'm doing this because I love you I'm doing this because I can save you. All I need you to do is it's  Betray Andr. You know something? You are no better than Alexandra and Benjy. Let me tell you what I am all of us. We are fed up. We're fed up of having our lives twisted by revenge.  Andr will take care of it. He will destroy what little is left of this family's name.  I am simply doing what my father asked me to do. I know that. But did you ever think that maybe he's just asking a little too much about to go to jail. You're about to die. Andr's just gon na keep on destroying people for fun.  No. Yes. Just think he did it when he killed Renee.  Leave my daughter out of this. No. I won't do that. Why would you protect him for doing that? You protect him now, you let her die in vain. Do it for her. Do it for your daughter. Don't let her death amount to nothing. Father. (Door-opens) Time's up. Your little boy's going to jail. Come on, let's go. Come on.  Andr. Andr is meeting Kate Roberts at the health club, where he will give her the key. that ends the vendetta. Thank you, Father. Take these off me. Take these cuffs off me. I can find him. I can end this without violence. Lucas Lucas Lucas Lucas? my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's Lucas' blood. Lucas His wedding ring. Hello? Daddy Daddy, it's Sami. Listen, Lucas and I, we followed Andr. We are at the health club. And now there's blood on the wall and his wedding ring. And I don't know what to do. Please, Daddy, you have to come. You have to help me. Who is this? Look at him. He is going to be such a good dad to Pocket. Look how much he's enjoying him. I see. I turn my back for five minutes and you two are already cooking up baby plans, is that it? Isn't that a little paranoid, Steve? No. I just have a good nose for scheming women.  Oh, really? Well, I'm gon na remember that when you come a-calling. Ho, wait. I take it back. You're not scheming women.  Yeah, all right. Okay, you want to have an innocent little talk about fatherhood? I'll go along with it. What do you want to know?  Do you like having Pocket around? It's all right. All right? All right? Can you be a little more specific? You mean the things I like about him? Yeah. Um. well, let's see. I like when he wraps his whole little hand around one of my fingers.  Chuckles I love that sound he makes when he's really happy. It's pretty cool when he falls asleep on my chest. I like that a lot.  And all your grumbling? That's just me, baby. I'm talking trash.  I knew you'd love being a father. Yeah, whatever makes you happy, sweetness. You know, And what is that question, Mariska Hargitay? Do you want to be a dad again? Like I told you And like you haven't told me. Please, we'd like an honest answer, the both of us. Dad? What are you talking about? It's me. It's Sami. Samantha? Yes. Dad, I need your help. Does your mommy know you're on the phone? What? After you called Tokyo last week, your mother said Dad Dad, listen to me. That happened a long time ago. What has Stefano done to you? Laughs I got stuck with a needle, and I think it was filled with lollipops or something. Daddy, are you alone? Bo's here. Okay. Okay. You get Uncle Bo for me, please. No, he's making me sit in this chair. Always so bossy . You yell at him for me, okay? It's important. You're going to help me arrest Andr? Listen, I want him locked up just as much as you do. I don't think so. (Cellphone-rings) Brady. Uncle Bo? Sami, what's wrong? Lucas is in trouble. Look, we came to the health club to meet Andr. What the hell are you thinking? Andr's dangerous. Uncle Bo, we thought we would find a way to end this vendetta. Come on. Come on. Put Lucas on. I can't. He's in trouble. He followed this woman, and and I found blood on the wall and Lucas' wedding ring. All right, sit tight. I'm on my way. What the hell?  Laughs Gone. We'll see who has the last laugh.  Laughs Roman Roman, come on. We 's go. With her mother? Uh, not just now, but Are you sure? Yeah, let's go for a little ride, all right? All right. Let's go. Here we go. I'll make it quick, I promise.   Oh, no, you don't Um, hi.   Kate Roberts is a member. And guess what her picture is on file, and it ain't you. You lied. I never said I was Kate Roberts. I said I was Mrs. Roberts.   Oh, please. I am Mrs. Roberts. I am married to Kate's son Lucas. And I think that he has been stuffed in that steam room by a killer.   What are you, like a pathological liar? No No I'm telling you the truth. My Uncle Bo, he is a detective at the Salem Police, and dad is the deputy police commissioner, Roman Brady.   Really? My dad is the tooth fairy. It's time for you to go. No No You can't Lucas Lucas, I'm gon na get you out Lucas Fast-paced-opera-music 2-plays  I know this aria. I've heard it before. I remember this music.   You should. It was the first opera I ever took you to.  Gasps Papa. Papa.   No, my son. Ugh. My husband is back there. I found his wedding ring.   Lady, I don't know what game you're playing, but it's over. I am not leaving without Lucas. Do you hear me? Samantha   Is this the missing husband? No, it's not. I was with Bo when you called him. Lucas still hasn't returned yet? I can't find him anywhere because I don't have a membership card.   Rules are rules. I understand. Rules are absolutely rules. This is my membership. Samantha is my guest. Thank you.   Too late. We're closed for the night. I'm sorry. We're gon na have to go. I mean Lucas is in trouble, E.J ., and I am not leaving without him. Look, this lady is here to do what is best for the club, darling, not what is best for you. Would you be kind enough to show me where the exit is, please?   It's right over there. I'll go with you. No, no, not at all. You've had enough trouble. Samantha, would you come with me, please? Oh, one more thing. If you ever want to go into corporate, call me, okay?   Thank you, Mr. Wells. My pleasure. that? Get off me Lucas is in there somewhere. He is in trouble. I am not leaving without my husband. I know Lucas is in trouble, and we need to get him, but I also need to get ahold of Andr, because if I don't get Andr to the police, my father is gon na die. Is she gone? Yeah. Come on. Ow. What the hell? Damn Andr. I'm gon na kill him. I'm gon na kill that guy. I wonder if Sami's in there. Sami's in there with him. Come on. So, do you want another baby?  And not just do you want to have it because you know it'll make me happy, but do you, Steve Johnson, want to be a daddy again? The truth this time. You want to know the truth? I think life, especially mine, is unpredictable. Hell for a second that we had her. But I still feel guilty.  For what? For leaving you.  You didn't leave me intentionally. The DiMeras kidnapped you. What's to stop them from doing it again? It's all I can do to protect what I have. You did a great job raising Stephanie, sweetness, but even you could not stop the damage. She's insecure. She's lost. She trusts all the wrong people. I don't want to mess up another kid. I just couldn't do it.  You know, you didn't mess Stephanie up. It's not your fault that Stefano DiMera brainwashed you and tortured you. Steve, I am so sorry. I shouldn't have pushed you. Hey, Benjy should be back from moving the car, shouldn't he? I didn't hear the garage door open, come to think of it.  Steve. Benjy you took me to.   Three hours long. You never took your eyes off the stage.  The music and the costumes it was a revelation. I never I had no idea that beauty could be so so powerful.   I remember you sat on the edge of your seat, gripping the handles, the tears rolling down your face, just like your Papa.  That's why you are here, isn't it to reclaim me, eh?   No, my son. I never let you go.  I did not want you to.   You are a good son. You followed my wishes. You never doubted my motives.  The mission has never been completed. I am dying, and. I have wasted your empire.   No, my son. I wasted it. Your mother and I, we were not a good match. Colleen Brady was the great love of my life. I had to have her, you vengeance for that.  Oh, Papa, God, I God only knows how I tried. I failed.   No, my son. I failed you. It was my job as your father to protect your innocence. Instead. I betrayed it. I started a war. I put you in the middle.  Sometimes I dream and. I wake up, and I think that the world is like it was when I was a boy, but before the vendetta.   I am sorry.  Sorry? Sorry? Papa, I wasted half my life avenging your heartbreak. My children have abandoned me. And I'm dying alone. Sorry? Papa, sorry does not seem enough, Papa.   My son, it's not enough. But I have come here to tell you something. It is not over. The phoenix will rise again. Damn it. I'm coming, Sami. I'm coming. Dog barks Whoa. Easy, where I found his blood on the wall, and his wedding ring was on the floor. Okay, I'll go inside. Wait a second. You stay here. Stay here. Samantha, I'm sorry. You're pregnant. Please sit down here. Just let me take care of this. I'm not gon na sit down. I want to take care of my twins' father right now. Look, trust me, okay? I've already saved Lucas' life once in that freezer truck. I have his best interest at heart, Samantha. I'm sorry, all right? I'm just scared. It's okay, okay? You know you can trust me. You do know that, right? Good. Wait here. Sami? Lucas   What is going on here tonight? We are closed. I'm detective Bo Brady, Salem P.D. I'm looking for my niece Samantha Roberts. She's   The blonde was telling the truth? What do you mean?   She said her husband was in danger and that she was related to the deputy commissioner. of police. Wha That's me. That's me. I am the commish.   But I didn't believe her. Sighs The bad guys stuck him with Hey, bro. Yeah, hi. They stuck him with a hypodermic needle. He's usually not like this. Hey, Roman, look. Look at all the numbers. Cool. I would really like to find his daughter before these drugs wear off. Do you know where she is?   Um, well, she left the gym with a member good-looking guy, English, last name, Wells. Do you know him? Yeah. Yeah, I know him. E.J ., what is taking you so long?   Does it have to be E.J ., Hmm. are you looking for anybody. special? My husband. What have you done with him, you creep?   Oh, he's pining for you. Mmm. Don't worry. You're going to be reunited with him very, very soon. Benjy's gon na be fine. He's gon na be fine.  Well, I sure hope so, because if anything happens to him, I don't think that Steve will ever forgive himself. What is it? Just his suitcase. And this.  Oh, my God. Come here, baby.  Oh, my God. We're gon na find him, baby. I promise you we're gon na find him. (Dog-barking) Whoa-ho-ho Roman, come here. Why don't you sit down right here, okay? Have a seat. That was fun. Do you have any idea where Wells took the young lady?   I 's all I know. (Cellphone-rings) Excuse me. Hey. Hey, Lucas. Have you heard from Sami? (Barking) I'm trying to call her, but she's not answering her cellphone. Well, she left the health club. She what? Why would she do that? That makes no sense Where are you? I'm in the alley behind the health club. Andr played ping-pong with my head. Now I'm in some car. I'm trapped, and I got nasty dogs around me. You want to help me or what? Yeah. We're on our way. " We "? What do you mean, " we "? It's me and Roman. Chuckles Hi. Oh, great. Yeah, yeah. Great. Where is my husband?   He's gone on ahead. Would you care to join him? Samantha, he's not in there. Lucas Lucas Samantha, he's not in here. It's just the two of us. Panting (Pounding-on-door) Ugh. Wait. E.J ., I hear something.   Sighs It's getting really hot in here. (Panting)  I'm not going to die?   No, my son. Not yet.  But. then why are you here? I thought you were here to help me.   I am here to help you fulfill your destiny.  My destiny?   You have much to accomplish. Stefano, do not give up now.  I don't understand. What am what am I to do? Papa. Papa, come back Papa, come Coughs Come back, Papa (Gasping-and-coughing) Dr. Rolf You need oxygen Here. Stefano, here, here. (Gasping) Stefano, please  Listen to me. Listen. The end Laughs, coughs is here. (Laughing-maniacally) (Pounding-on-door)   The end happens to you. Help me get out of here. Help me save my babies' lives. Who the hell besides E.J. would donate a liver? Maybe that liver wasn't donated at all. This transplant is a bust. Steve, cool down. I'm not gon na cool down There is no way I'm letting that bastard get this. 
God, if anything's happened to Benjy. Let's not think the worst, okay? Did you find anything?  Steve. Steve.  What is it? Don't worry about it, sweetness. I can handle this.  No, what is it? Let me see. No, Kayla.  It's blood. It's blood. Is this Stefano's sick kind of revenge? Come here, baby. I promised you we'd find him, and we will. Okay?  Panting Rolf, you must. listen. Dr. Rolf It is not the end, Stefano. You mustn't talk this way.  Coughing Look, you have to do this favor for me. The leather folio I have to destroy it. Dr. Rolf Stefano, please.  Destroy it. You know I can not die in peace unless I know that the damn folio is destroyed. Please understand me. Cellphone ringing Answer me. What are you doing take care of this immediately.  We are not finished here, Rolf Dr. Rolf Believe me, sir, this is going to make you a very happy man.  Come back here, Rolf. Come back, damn it. I don't know. Oh, my God, what. Panting Oh, Papa. You're back. Oh, Papa. Have you come for me now, huh?   No, my son. Not yet.  Oh, Papa. I don't know. You know, I don't know how long I can hang on here. (Door-opens) Dr. Rolf Excellent news, Stefano. We have found a donor for you.  Oh, Rolf, what? Sighs I don't understand how. Dr. Rolf With a little bit of help from that remarkable nephew of yours.  Who? (Pounding-on-door) Hey, open this door Andre, please. Please let us out.   Laughing 're an ugly broad. Where the hell is Kate? Open this door I can't breathe Please Please let us out Let us out Andre, what the hell is wrong with you? Don't you know I'm the only person who can save father's life? Crying E.J ., what. All right, Samantha, please, just stop it. I just need you to try and relax. Sobbing I can't. I'm not supposed to be in here. I'm not supposed to be in here. Let's just stop and think, okay? Let's think. Now, you spoke to your Uncle Bo earlier, yes? Okay, then I'm sure he's gon na be down here soon, if he's not here already. We'll be out of here in no time, okay? Barking Bo, you have to find Sami. Roman, sit down. Yeah, . They said that she left not too long ago. Who'd she leave with? Listen, I'm sure she's okay. Let's just concentrate on getting you out of that car. Have you tried to turn over the engine? It's not my car, all right? And I'll be damned if I know how to hot-wire it. Okay. How about the windows? You got anything to break them with? Barking You ever see the movie " Cujo "? Right. The dogs. Okay, um, you just sit tight. I'll be right there. Believe me, I'm not going anywhere. Now, what happened? Who'd Sami leave with? Let's just get you out of that car, and we'll talk about that then. Bo, it's my wife we're talking about. Tell me right now. Sighs Elvis Junior. Elvis? That son of a Something's not right. Something's not right here, all right? If she left with E.J ., that means she was forced to. Take it easy. We'll find her once we get you out of the car, all right? Make it quick. Okay. Hey, you stay here. I got to help out Lucas, okay? Slurring Bo, no, no, no. No, I'm fine. Really. No, Bo, I back your got. Sure you do. I'm just - Bo, I'm the cominisher. I'm the cominisher - the comersh-shiner. I'm a Bo, I'm giving you an odor, or order. Okay. Yes, sir. Okay. Let's go. Let's go find Lucas. All right Let's go. All right. Grunts Dr. Rolf We have found another donor for Mr. DiMera, What donor? Someone other than Mr. Wells? Dr. Rolf Yes, another family member. This is highly unorthodox. Dr. Rolf Please Just make sure there is an operating room and staff available. He will die if we don't move quickly. Do you really want that to happen on your watch, hmm? Now go Oh, Stefano. You have come too far. I will not let anything happen to you.  Grunts Papa, you're back. Well. Go away. Leave me alone Dr. Rolf Stefano, who are you talking to? How could I be so stupid? Benjy came to me for protection. I knew the DiMeras were after him. I never should have let him out of my sight.  This isn't your fault. I got to find him.  Well, I'm gon na come with you. Let me just tell Hope. You stay here.  careful. (Barking) Get out of here Get out of here Come on, get Barking continues My alarm. My car alarm. The car alarm will scare them off. Yeah, you guys scared of a little noise, huh? You mess with the bull, you get the horns Alarm blaring Barking stops You don't like that, do you? How's that, huh? How's that, you four-legged fleabags? Get out of here Keep running Blaring continues Lucas There you are I thought I was gon na die or something. Pop the hood. I can't hear you. The hood pop it. Right, the alarm. There. What the hell took you guys so long? There were two dogs. You okay, son? Yeah. All right, Bo. Bo, he's okay. He's all right. All right. Samantha is my daughter. Samantha's great, isn't she? Yeah, she's great. What's with him? He's a little dopey on the meds right now. You're a mess. Yeah. Andre got to me pretty good, but I'm fine now. Don't worry about it. Is Roman gon na be okay? Yeah, he just needs a little time. Cellphone rings Excuse me. Sure. Laughs Hey, Fancy Face. What's up? Bo, it's Benjy. He's missing. He was right outside of the house, and, God, we don't know what happened. Bo, there was blood. Are you still at home? Yeah. Kayla's with me. I'll be there in 10 minutes, okay? Okay. Hey, I got an emergency. I have to take off. I thought we were gon na make a hell of a team, don't we, right here? Yeah. You know what? I'll be back as soon as I can. Keep me posted. Wait a minute. Don't leave me with him. He's gon na slow me down. Just make sure he doesn't get behind the wheel of a car, okay? Bo, we got it covered. We got it covered Don't we, Lucas? We got it covered. We got it covered. Yeah. Yeah. We're gon na be fine. Nothing. Uncle Bo should be here by now. What is taking him so long? What if Andr's done something to him? All right, calm down. I'm sure he's gon na be here soon. It's a big place, Samantha. What are you doing? I'm taking my clothes off. I suggest you do the same. 'm not nuts. The layers of your clothing are gon na trap the heat. Here. Cover yourself with this. Oh, great. I'm sure that's exactly what you would love for me to be in my birthday suit. Look, Samantha, you're pregnant with twins. Do yourself a favor. Cool yourself down, all right? I won't even look. I'll turn around.  This is your fault. Your hear me? This is your fault. You you you hear me? Dr. Rolf There is no one there. Look, Stefano, listen to me. We have to get you ready for surgery.  I am in the middle of this mess because of your infantile obsession. You let Papa, you let a woman get in the way of our family. I don't even want to look at you now, all right? Please, go away. Go Go Dr., let's try some deep breaths. Can you do that for me?  No Dr. Rolf Yes, yes, please. Deep breaths in and out.  No Panting You didn't answer my question. Dr. Rolf What, are you speaking to me now?  Yes, you dunce Yes, I'm speaking to you. You have to do this. The folio has to be destroyed. Dr. Rolf You are not going to die. We have a donor for you.  Listen to me, Rolf. The secret there must never be nobody must ever know how the vendetta ends. The Bradys can not find out. This secret must die with me. Please. Dr. Rolf Of course.  You'll do this for me? Dr. Rolf Of course, I will.  Please do this for me. Dr. Rolf Of course.  Sighs Very good. How I'm gon na melt into just keep trying. Nothing. God, E.J. - E.J. do you think that God would let these babies die? I mean, after everything that I have been through, do you really think that he would let them. No, sweetheart. Of course not. Because, you know, if they do, if something happens to them, it is all my fault. Shh. Don't say this. Lucas wanted to leave. He wanted to get me out of here, and I wanted to stay. I didn't listen to him. Don't blame yourself. If Lucas was here hey, look at me. If Lucas was here, he'd be telling you exactly the same thing. Voice breaking But he's not because Andr has done something to him. We have to get out of here Please, somebody Please, somebody Please, help us Help, like a cleaning crew or someone that will eventually hear us Stop this. Stop this. Sit down. Stop this, okay? Let me handle this. Sit down. Let me handle this. E.J ., Andre has done something to Lucas. Crying What if he's what if he's. Don't say that. My cousin does horrible things. I'm not gon na argue with you. But to kill somebody in a public place he wouldn't do that. What do you think this is?  I know. I know. Lexie, I wish you had, too. I will. Thanks. What? Thank God you're here. No one's heard from Benjy? I was just talking to Lexie. I spoke to his wife, Sonia, tried not to alarm them. Bo, the bottom line is no one has heard from him. Damn it. What about, I found Lucas. He was beat up and battered, but he's gon na be okay. But Sami wasn't with him. Sami's missing? Bo, you've got to get back over there. Lucas and Roman are down at the club. I'm sure they've got things under control. Do you think Andr took her? No, someone from the club said that Sami left with Elvis Junior. What did Tony say?  Hasn't heard from him. I am so frightened for Benjy. These DiMeras are warped. Why would they go after their own flesh and blood like that? The question is, would Stefano really harm his own son?  I can't believe this. Just when we were finally getting our life back to normal I really thought maybe we had a chance at happiness. If something happens to Benjy, I just don't know what will happen to Steve. Hey, do know what? I'm gon na put out an APB. I'll call headquarters. We will find him.  Thanks, Bo. I saw Bo's car outside.  What happened? Did you find anything? No, I didn't find him.  What's that? It's nothing. I need to talk to Bo.  Let me see this. What is it? No, Kayla.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm having trouble breathing. Oh, God. How long can a person survive like this? Couple of hours, at least. I wouldn't worry about it. We'll be out of here by then. Where is Uncle Bo? He should have found us by now, unless something's happened to him, too. What if he didn't tell anyone where he was going? What if they don't find us until it's too late? gon na have half the police force looking for us. I have a really bad feeling about this, E.J. Oh, come on. You're the commissioner's daughter. I'm a wanted man. Trust me. They'll find us. Why haven't they found us yet? We are running out of time. Sweetheart, listen. I just need you to calm down. Can you do that, please? Just relax. Will you stop saying that? It is 400 degrees in here I can't breathe My babies can't breathe in here My hormones are going crazy. And if you tell me to relax one more time, I swear to God, I'll kill you Ugh Sobs You sure you're all right? Normal voice Yeah, I'm fine, at least semi-normal, I think. We've checked everywhere. We have no idea where E.J. took Sami. I to tell us. What the hell is this? Dr. Rolf No visitors, please. He's about to go into surgery. You got to be kidding me. I thought E.J. was the donor. Is he here? Does he have Sami? Dr. Rolf I haven't seen Elvis in hours. How is the transplant gon na happen without E.J.? Dr. Rolf Another family member has stepped forward and made a very generous donation. Oh, yeah? Who? Yeah. What family member are we talking about here? Dr. Rolf You really do need to leave. Perhaps you could come back tomorrow during visiting hours. I don't think so, Rolf. I thought this wasn't supposed to happen until Stefano made peace. Well, that plan blew up when E.J. went AWOL. Well, who the hell besides E.J. would donate a liver? Who else would want that SOB . My God. Maybe that liver wasn't donated at all. Maybe it was stolen.  This is the shirt that Benjy had on. Where did you find it? Down by the docks.  You don't think that somebody - I don't know what to think. Bo's on the phone with the station right now. They're putting out an APB. What good is that gon na do if he's at the bottom of the river? I'm sorry, baby. He's got a wife and a little kid, for God's sake. Bo, what is it? What's wrong? A homeless guy found Benjy in a dumpster down by the river. Is he dead? Please tell me he's not dead, Bo. No. He's alive, but barely.  Thank God. He was wrapped in a bloody sheet. Listen, I'm gon na head on soon as I know how he's doing. Hang on, man. I'm coming with you. No, no, you're too emotionally involved. You just stay here. Stay here? Yeah. What? Oh, come on, buddy. Don't tell me you still don't trust me. Knowing how you feel about Benjy, no, man, I don't. We've really made a lot of progress, huh, Bo? What do you want me to say, man? You don't trust me. I trust you with my sister, my kids. Hell, I trust you with my life. But not with Benjy? That's not what this is about, and you know it. What's it about? I know how you get when it comes to people you care about. How do I get, Bo? Come on. How? You thing I need right now is some vigilante tearing up the streets. Bo. I got Stefano on the ropes right now. I got to be careful how I play this. I don't give a damn about Stefano. What I care about is Benjy. Now, are we going together or not?  Come on, Bo. He's gon na follow you anyway. She's right about that. Okay. But you lose it, I'll lock you up if I have to. I understand.  Thank you for that. Hey, I know Steve. He would have followed. It's better he's with Bo.  Yeah, I feel better. I feel better knowing he's with Bo, for sure. Steve seems like he's back to his old self again. I'm glad things have worked out.  Yeah, me too. You don't know how hard it was to deprogram . I still don't know how. How did you do it?  All I know is I don't want to have to do it again. Sami, if you get this, call me as soon as you can. I need to know you're all right. You got anything? Well, she wasn't taken to the ER, nor the morgue, either, thank God. She's got to be at the gym. You heard Bo. He said the trainer told him she left with E.J. but she wouldn't do that to me. I'm telling you. She's got to be there. I'm gon na check it out. All right, you do that. Stop by the apartment, too make sure she's not there. That's a good idea. I got to get going myself. I got to meet Bo down at the waterfront. All right, but if call I make. All right. Hey, are you sure you're all right to drive? Yeah, the drugs have pretty much worn off. I'm not taking any chances, though. I got a mobile unit picking me up. Now, you go. Bring my daughter back home. All right? I will. And get that wound cleaned up. Yeah. Okay. All right, look I wasn't trying to tell you what to do. Will you just shut up? You weren't kidding about those hormones, were you? Just stop talking, please. Hey. How about we, uh how about we play a game, hey? Take our mind off this dilemma. You think I want to spend my last remaining moments on this earth playing " 20 questions " with you? All right. " 20 questions. " You picked it. Good idea. I'll, actually? I'm not a fan of " 20 questions. " Why don't we play some other game? Oh, I know. What's that American one you guys like to play? " Truth or dare. " " Truth or dare. " This is not a 6th-grade slumber party. Okay, I'll go first. Let me see. Well. I'm not playing. Laughs Okay. I'm gon na continue. So, uh, let's see. Is that your natural hair color? Excuse me? Fine, you don't have to answer that. I probably don't want to know the answer anyway. If you think that you can distract me from what we're okay. My turn. All right. Good. Now you're gon na play. Wonderful. Truth. Did you set this up? I'm sorry? Are you working with Andr to get us stuck inn't believe I didn't see it before. You arranged all of this just so you could get me naked. Really? Do you honestly think that I concocted this whole plan just to get you into this oven so that I can make a move on you? Please, if I was gon na do that, I could think of places that were a lot more Romantic, a lot more comfortable, even. Right, then you had a different motive. You just wanted to save the day again E.J. Wells to the rescue. Samantha, look at me. I had nothing to do with this. What about all the other times? What about rescuing me from that car and the fumes? What about saving Lucas from that meat truck? Would you rather I let you die? I just think it's really convenient, that's all. Like Lucas says, I just think you're always in the right place at the right time Andr called me and told me where I could find you, not that he ever expected me to get there in time to be able to save you. And the meat truck you showed me where that was. I followed you to that freezer truck. How am I supposed to believe that Andr called you? Maybe you're just always getting us into danger. Samantha, I'm far too old to be a superhero, sweetheart. You might just want to score points with me. Look. I saved your life and your husband's a couple of times. I'm not making any apologies or any excuses. I care about you. I care very much about what happens to you. If that's true, E.J ., if you care about me at all, help me get out of here. Help me save my babies' lives. Lucas isn't gon na be very happy. Yeah? What about? When gon na be his last memory of me. All right. Easy now, eh? Sighs How about this? Sighs Oh, God. That helps. Yeah? Here, let me do you. No, no. I'm fine. No, it really does help. When I'm pregnant with twins, you can do it to me. Spare me your martyrdom. I don't want to be dealing with your dead body. Yeah? Would you miss me? Ha ha ha. You would. You would miss me. Shut up. You're sucking the oxygen out of the room, E.J. Sighs There's a ceiling fan up there. I wonder if I could get something to short-circuit it. How are you gon na do that? Do you have any a bobby pin or a wire or something? A wire? No, sorry. I left all my a " C " cup, " D " cup? What? Excuse you. What are you doing? An underwire. You like a bit of support, eh? Excuse me. Hi.   How did you get in here? The gym is closed. Yeah, I know. Look, I was in here earlier with my wife, a pretty, blond-haired lady, very pregnant. Couldn't miss her.   Sure, the cops came by asking about her. And you told them that she left. Are you sure about that?   Yeah, with some English guy tall, really hot. Think he'd like a personal trainer? I don't know. I don't think they ever left. I think they're still here, and you're gon na help me find them. Stay with us, Benjy. Come on. Stay with us. You got a lot of people praying for you, man, what did the paramedics say? He's got a deep laceration under his ribs. First they thought it was a knife wound. But? It's too clean, almost surgical, like it was done with a scalpel. Surgical? Yeah, that's what they said. Would it be okay if I ride with him? Sure. Go. I'll catch up with you. Go. Hey, wait up. Get a statement from the homeless guy. Find out where he sleeps in case we need to reach him. Yes, sir. Bo. Hey. We got a problem. Yeah, it's been that kind of night. Stefano is about to go under the knife. Oh, hell. Somehow managed to get himself a liver. Damn it. Dr. Rolf A few more hours, Stefano, until you'll be as good as new. . Go away. Dr. Rolf But, Stefano.  Not you, Rolf. Him. Dr. Rolf Scoffs What the hell is in his medication?   My son, you have been a faithful soldier. But I'm afraid your work here is not yet done.  I have given you my life. What more do you want?   Whatever you have left, my son whatever you have left. Dr. Rolf Stefano? Stefano, are you comfortable?  The Phoenix Laughs Will never die. Laughs  Well, Ciara and Pocket are sound asleep. Thank you for this. We should have heard from the guys by now. It hasn't been that long.  I'm just so worried about Benjy. and Steve. Benjy is going to be fine. He's strong and tough. And you need to stop making yourself so crazy about Steve. Kay, I've never seen you like this, even with all When Steve was in the mental hospital, you were patient, and you were strong and believed in him. And now it's almost I don't know like you're having doubts.  It's not doubts. It's called " concern, " maybe. I mean, before, it was completely up to me to try and bring him back to the guy he used to be, the guy I fell in love with. And you did that.  Yeah. You're right. I did, but. But you're afraid he's gon na slip back into his old ways, his old DiMera ways. Sighs Curse them and their sick games.  I'm gon na live in fear of that the rest of my life. Believe me, I want to trust him. I know.  I want him to believe in himself. That's one of the reasons I want us to take care of Pocket, because I thought that see that he's important. What if it does happen? What if, God forbid, he does slip. away? So, the old man found his liver. Not sure where it came from. It came from Benjy. That's where it came from. No. Yeah. He's on his way to the hospital. Do me a favor. Get ahold of the ambulance. Let them know they've got a patient who's missing part of his liver. I'm on it. I'm going to the hospital, make sure this transplant doesn't happen. All right. Okay. You're so getting off on that, aren't you? Excuse me? Touching my unmentionables. Laughs I'm a little shocked, Samantha. Your unmentionables? It's called a brassiere. When did you become such a prude, eh? Brassiere? Who talks like that? It's can say, " bra. " You used to be a lot more fun. You know that? Well, I apologize, but it isn't exactly a party-like atmosphere in here. All right. Well, tell you what when we get out of here, I'll take you shopping, buy you a new one. Yeah, you'd like that. Oh, I'd love that. I'll get you something nice red, leather, lacy you know, for Lucas, obviously. I'm never gon na see Lucas again if you don't get a move on with that thing. Darling, I don't know what it's like down there, but it's a hell of a lot hotter up here. How can you even see anything up there? I can't. I'm just trying to get into the air system here to see if I can use this wire to short-circuit everything and shut . I got to tell you, I'm scared to death. I'm sorry. I don't know why I would ever say something like that.  It's fine. No, it's not.  It has crossed my mind a million times what I would do if I lost Steve again. And?  I'm not going to. That's what I keep telling myself. I mean, granted, it did happen once before, and it has left a huge gap in our life. But every time those feelings of fear creep up, I just put them back down because I refuse to live my life wondering every day if the old Steve is here to stay. Of course, you do.  So, I-I just try to be strong for both of us. And I just try to forget about the past and just try to focus about the day-to-day life I have with him and the miracle the total miracle concentrate on our future. Because, truly, that's all we really have. You son of a bitch. Dr. Rolf What now more unpaid parking tickets? A little more serious than that. Dr. Rolf If I don't get him to the O.R. immediately, he's not going to make it. I'd hate to have to live my life with that on my conscience. Dr. Rolf I will discuss whatever it is you want after the surgery. The surgery is what I want to discuss. Where the hell did you find a donor so quickly? Dr. Rolf I've already had this conversation with your brother. Go talk to him. I could haul you downtown and continue this conversation if you'd like. Yeah, that's what I though. So, tell me where'd you get the damn liver? Dr. Rolf A distant relative of Stefano's from Italy. Yes, the Tuscany region. How'd you get it here so quickly, huh? Concorde still flying? Dr. Rolf Look, I hardly You're telling me it's just a coincidence that this son of a bitch's son his son Benjy was found in a dumpster with a deep laceration in his side? Dr. Rolf That's. dreadful. Yeah, it is. And he might not make it. Dr. Rolf I'm sure Stefano would be very upset to learn this. Oh, yeah? Not half as upset as when he finds out this transplant is a bust. Dr. Rolf Give that to me Where'd you get it? It doesn't belong to you, does it? Steve. That poor boy is down in the ER right now, fighting for his life, you son of a bitch. I got this handled. No, you do open and make off with half his liver? Is that what you think? Steve, come on. Cool down. I'm not gon na cool down You listen to me. There is no way I'm letting that bastard get this. I will flush it first. Do you hear me? No way Can you find it? Oh, I found something. Damn it. What? What's wrong? Nothing. Just hang in there for me, will you? Oh, God. I'm sorry for my sins and choosing to sin and failing to do good. I nearly. got it. Aah E.J. E.J ., E.J. Oh, my God. Wake up. Wake up, E.J. Oh, my God. What the hell?   I didn't do that. Find something we can use to get in here. Sami Sami, are you Hold on, honey. Hold on. I'm gon na get this open. Hold on, all right? Hang in there Lucas, please hurry. Please hurry E.J. is here with me, and I think that he's dead Shawn-D. I'm feeling this fear that I can't seem to shake, that Shawn Brady isn't good enough for Belle Black. I told you that I would do whatever it took to help you find your son. I meant that. You're amazing. You know that? 
Any risks with my family. This incident with the chauffeur made up my mind. Look, just listen to me, okay? We need to get the twins. We need to get a car. We need to pack it up, and we need to get out of here. We need to find somewhere safe to stay where nobody can find us. Now, when Stefano is finally in jail and I mean in jail permanently or he's been deported, then we can come out again. Are you insane?  Okay, Steve. You want this one behind the bar, too, boss?  Yes, please. And then the rest can go you can put that downstairs. I already put most of the stuff down there.  Oh, you did? Yep.  Oh, my goodness. Well. Steve. I really, really appreciate this. Well. I knew the truth would come out sooner or later.  Oh? What would that be  Oh. Laughs Listen, if it were just for a strong back, I would have tapped that keg much sooner. Well, I'm happy to do it for you. You know that.  Well, you know, Roman and Bo usually do these things. Yeah, they got their hands full right now with John and Claire and who knows what else.  Yeah. Poor Shawn. Hey. Don't worry. They're gon na find Claire.  He just loves that little girl so much. What's not to love?  That's right. She's a doll. Steve? Yeah.  Thank you. I have never seen Kayla so happy. Like I said, it's you. You took a chance on a dude like me.  Yeah, well, I could see that you were a diamond in the rough. Was I?  Yes. Yeah, rough wasn't a word I Hey, you. Baby. You look beautiful.  You think so? You got my blood pumping.  Perfect. Yeah?  Yeah .' Cause I need your body. Oh, honey. It's going to be all right. Everything is gon na be all right. I just know it is. Sweetie, I'm so sorry I wasn't here earlier for you. I'm so sorry. Belle. I have some news for you. Did they find Claire? No. No, honey, that's not it. But this is something of a miracle. What's that? Oh, my God. No. Daddy? H-how is this happening? I oh, my God Daddy I was there. You you I watched you die. Marlena? Oh How's Belle? Well, she's much better, in better spirits now that she's seen of his room? He remembers her? They did let him out. Roman was resisting it at first, but then he conceded when we agreed to put some sort of monitoring device on his leg. So, uh, yes, he's seen her. And, no, he doesn't remember who she is. No cuffs? No, just the monitoring device. And he was very well-behaved. And he's back in bed now. And back in his restraints? Yes. They're putting those on now. You know, it breaks my heart to see him like that, but I guess until we know what Stefano did to him and we know how to undo it, well, we just have no choice. How did she react? She was overwhelmed. To see her father, whom she thought was gone, lost to her for all time. she did sense that something was wrong. And then, of course, But I think we persuaded her it was all okay. Did she catch on that he has no idea who she is? No. He pretended. Why would he do that? Because he doesn't have any friends, no one he can trust, and I've been working to make him understand that I'm on his side. And I think he's beginning to have some belief in me. So, you think he's starting to trust you. I believe he is. And I believe he'll come back to us just the way Steve did. What happened when he saw her? Well, he held her hand for a little while. And then he got this glint in his eye. It was as though Belle had touched him a place in his heart that Stefano had tried to kill. And then it was gone. Then he was back to the man we've seen. But there was something there. Now we That was a nice little act you put on for Marlena and Belle, John. But that's all it was just an act. Whatever you say. Don't B.S. me, John. I'm not buying it. I was held hostage by Stefano, too. Hell, he tortured me. I know what that's like. I'm sorry it happened to you. But that's why there's no way in hell I can trust you. Now, you may eventually fool Marlena, but you're not gon na fool me. What do you think I'm gon na do? I think you're gon na do whatever Stefano stuffed in that brain of yours. I don't know what it is, but I'm not gon na let it happen. Don't be so sure.  Giggles Mmm. Smell sweet, too.  Patience. You have to have patience. What are you talking about? get out of here.  I do Just not this second. That's not fair. Mixed signals.  Listen, I just checked my ovulation chart. Oh.  Mm-hmm. And that chart tells me when my optimal time, my peak zone to conceive is. Why don't we do it every hour? Then we're bound to hit your right time.  No, come on. I'm serious. That chart tells you that today is my day. Now we just have to make sure that we're in the zone. Come on. You know we're always in the zone.  No, it's a very, very small window. Stay close until that window opens  It's no fair. You can't jump-start it. What are you talking about " no fair "? First you tell me you want my body. You get me all revved up. And now you say I can't have right this second. Listen, you finish up here. I'll go home, and then I'll call you when the time is right. I don't think I can wait.  It's just a couple of hours. I think I was just about ready to hit my peak zone.  You're in your peak zone every second of every day. Why don't you just stay here with me while I finish up, and then we can go out and get a bite to eat?  That's a very tempting offer, but I have to go home and do that LH test. Oh. The old LH test.  Yeah, the luteinizing hormone. I read that it's extremely accurate. It can tell you when is the optimal time for you to conceive within the hour. Tell me that's not the kind of thing you're gon na whisper in my ear when we get to it.  I guess I'm I ask you a question?  Of course. What are you wearing under that dress?  Stop it. Look, I know what we need to do. We need to go into hiding. Oh, as if your father couldn't find us? " If, " Samantha. " If " is the operative word. I know my father, all right? I know how he thinks. I know what he's capable of doing. I'm also quite capable myself of staying a step ahead of him and keeping you and the babies safe. I don't like it. I don't want to be away from my family. I feel safer around them. You shouldn't. Look what happened to Claire. Look, I talked to my father about that. He doesn't think that Claire's kidnaping has anything to do with Stefano. Really? You know that for a fact, do you? No, to me, if you had been on that pier with me, Samantha, you wouldn't be having this moment of indecision. I'm on the phone with my father, and he's saying to me, " E.J ., come down to the jail and talk to me. I'm gon na send my chauffeur to pick you up. " This guy turns up. He's got muscles the size of a tank, and he's carrying a gun. Now, why does somebody need to carry a gun? Why does a driver need to carry a gun? It's not to get me there any faster. It's either he's gon na kidnap me or he's gon na shoot me. Think about it. It makes sense. I stood up to my father. I turned my back on my father, and look at him. He's now in jail. All right? And this is his way of telling me, " this is what happens when trying to show us that he's still powerful, but this isn't even his primary objective. Then what is? He wants our son. Samantha, he wants Johnny to be the next DiMera heir, especially since I've been such a disappointment to him. He wants Johnny to be Giovanni. That is why we have to hide. We have to take them away. It's going to take some time for John's mind to heal, but I think we can do it. And I'm ready to start. Well, I would like to be a part of it, but right now I got to focus on finding Claire. Of course. We all do. Claire's a priority at the moment. Of course. John is alive. And he's here. And he's not going anywhere. I'll call Henny, see if he's got any new leads. All right. I'm gon na Stefano did a real number on John. Do you doubt we can help him? I just think you have to be very careful. That is not John in there, not yet. I know that. But he's alive. And when I thought that John when I knew he was dead, I didn't know how I would survive, how I'd live without him. And now he's back. So there's hope. Look, I'm not kidding myself. I know the extent of the damage Stefano could have done. I also know that it can be undone. Oh, Hope. when Belle saw him. it was such a moment. I know. John's strong. He's a fighter. And I know he will fight Stefano's mind games. They weren't games. No. No, they weren't. They were very serious. But I believe that one day soon John will turn around and . And he will put his arms around me. And he will return the love that I feel for him. I hope so. I also believe that Bo and Roman will find Claire and return her to her mother and her father. Because if John can come back to me from the dead, then anything and everything can happen.  Steve, did I hear Kayla? Yeah, yeah, she was here for a moment. She had to go home and. she just had something to do.  Oh, I was gon na fix a nice little meal just for you two. That's nice. I appreciate that. But can we take a rain check? And would you mind if I come back later and store the rest of those kegs? I think you got enough under the bar to get you rolling when you open up in the morning.  Can't I fix you a sandwich or something? I-I-I got something I have see you later. I've seen it in my practice before Any news? We're not sure. A couple of calls, but nothing solid yet. I've been praying so hard. Yeah, everybody is. John could help. I don't think that John's exactly in the position to help right now. Not right now. I meant once he breaks Stefano's bonds, he'll be right there in the front lines with everybody else. Let's get back at it. See you in a minute. Okay. Groans I am not letting Stefano DiMera take my son. That's why you have to go. You don't know what you're talking about. I am not putting our lives in your hands like that. I'm gon na stay with my family, thank you very much. Samantha. Do you trust me? Trust is earned, . Then show me how I can earn it. There is nothing that you can do. I am not about to take my babies and vanish without thinking it through. I trust my father to keep us safe. Your father has his hands full looking for Claire. He has enough men to assign someone to help me. Samantha, my father has men in the force, okay? Does Roman really know everybody that he can trust? Hey, I'm not guarding them by myself. I have you, E.J. You're helping me, right? Unless you choose to run from your father and hide.  Oh, my God. It's time. Hi, sweetness.  Hey, how long till you can get home? Well, I'm still at the pub. It's gon na be at least a couple hours.  No, no, no, no. No hours. I need you here right would be rude.  No, rude? Forget rude. I'm having my window. It's my Knock on door There's somebody at the door. It's my window. Well, I'll get there as soon as I can.  Listen, this isn't a good time. I think you have the wrong room. I guess I could come back later.  Get in here. Laughs  Uh Sighs I'm so glad man, I am so glad you guys are asleep. Okay. Allow me. E.J. E.J. - You know, you, um. you never cease to insult me, Samantha. Look, I wasn't trying to run away from my father, okay? I'm not afraid to stand and face him. But I also know how to work things to my advantage, okay? And we need to be concerned not only about your safety and my safety but the 're welcome. So. is this it? Is this what? Is this, I don't know, battle station, until I persuade you to leave Salem? Salem is my home. It's a very dangerous home for you. You know that. I mean, obviously you know that. Otherwise you wouldn't have divorced a man that you loved to be with somebody who you don't. I think you're very brave, all right? And you're very bold. In fact, what you did was one of the boldest things I've ever seen anybody do. And you're very smart. And you're very resourceful. And I know you want to take care of your family. But do not underestimate this danger. ( Whoosh, -rattle ) (Door-opens) Oh Oh John How did you I'll get help. If you get help, the doctor dies. John. Get inside and  How did you know it was the right time? I just took this test and then, poof, here you are I don't need a test to know when you're ready.  Laughs The minute you walked in the pub tonight, I knew. Come here. Knock on door  Ignore it. Ignore what?  Kayla, sweetie It's mom E.J. It's from my father. How do you know it's from your father? I know it's from my father. He doesn't need a card. He wants the baby. And he's trying to rattle us. DiMera humor always unnerving, never funny. You okay? Well, no. I mean, I I'm worried. What if I have to. defend the twins by myself? Careful. You almost sound like you care about me. You're Johnny's father. Okay, sure this second message? Look, you're right. We have to do something. We have to get out of here. But we're doing it my way. No, we're not. Telephone beeps John, stop this. Not for a second do I believe you would hurt me. Not only could I hurt you, I will kill you. You won't. You are so wrong. John. What is it? What's happening? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? John, can you hear me? Freeze Freeze Hands behind your head Do it now Freeze Stop. I've got you. I've got you.  Mom, I'll be right there. Get your shirt. Get your shirt. Hmm? Oh.  Button your shirt. Come on. I got it.  Straighten out your hair. Your hair. Clears throat  Oh, Steve. There you are. Yeah. Clears throat Here I am. Is everything all right? Yeah, yeah, they just needed to be tucked in again. Listen, who were you calling? I was just making some arrangements for you. Okay, what arrangements? You'll see. Listen to me, E.J. I am in this, too, and I'm not gon na just follow you blindly. These are my children, and I'm going to decide how best to protect them. Knock on door Do you know who that is? Knock on door E.J. It's okay. E.J. Sami. Abe E.J. called me to tell me that you need some help, and your father's plate's pretty full right now. I figured that aside from your father, Commissioner Carver would be the only person you would trust to take you to a safe house. the road again for you. I mean, you're in charge of the entire police department and you're here helping me. You know very well, Sami, that I'm no sort of big shot to you. We're family. This is the way I take care of family. Thank you. Thank you so much. You called him for me? You certainly weren't about to let me help you. Got to get out of here. Got to get out of here. Got to go. Got to get out of here. John, what were you thinking? Let me out of here. Why? Tell me why. Just let me out of let me out of here.  You ran out of the pub so fast, you forgot your wallet. Oh, that's very thoughtful.  Well, I was afraid you might get pulled over. You wouldn't have a license. anyway, Grandpa Shawn made clam chowder. And, well, we just want to say thank you for all you're doing to help out at the pub. And I know that you are working hard, so I thought maybe you would like some, too.  Well, thank you.  Yeah.  I don't know what to say except, uh, thank you. We'll enjoy this when we have the time to relax after  After after what? After a nice glass of wine. What goes with chowder, anyway?  White. White wine. That's what we'll have.  White.  Can I do anything else for you guys?  No No. I think we're good, Mom. Really, thank you. Thank you for coming by. It was so sweet of you and so thoughtful, wasn't it? I love you.  I love you, too.  Thanks. I'll Was that rude? Yeah. But I don't care.  Where were we? Oh. Oh. All right. Let's get to work. Okay. Okay. What do we do? Get you to a safe house. What safe house? I've contacted the FBI .. They found a good location for you and the babies. Where? We have to get you there without being followed or seen. Which means you're not gon na tell me where. There isn't gon na be a straight route. We're gon na take different types of transportation. But we're gon na make sure that you can never be found. Thank you for doing this. It means so much to me. And I know how busy you are. Look, look, look. Enough. Enough of that. I told you before, we're family. And I'm gon na make sure you into hiding with a DiMera. Listen. I have to believe that we don't have to worry about that. I hope not. You were about to tell me. No, I wasn't. You can tell me, John. You can trust me. What is it you have to do? Why do you feel you have to escape? He's not gon na escape. You don't have to worry about that anymore. We're gon na put a 24-hour watch on him. He could have hurt us and chose not to. That's one mistake I won't make again. All right. You're gon na feel a little pinch. No more needles. No, he's not. I'm a doctor of record, and he will not be injected. Marlena, he almost killed you. Let the doctor do his job. What's in that? It's just a, it will calm you down. Let's go ahead. Go ahead. Just a second. Just a second. Easy, easy, easy. Done. Okay, it's done. It's done. That was no mistake. You knew exactly what was happening. You didn't hurt me because you couldn't hurt me. It isn't possible. You love me. And one day, you're going to remember that. (Beeper-beeps) No. No beepers. No.  I have to. I have to. It could be a patient. I'll be quick. No, no, no.  I'll be quick I'll be quick Oh, for Pete's sake. Just a minute. Just a minute. Hold that thought. Hold that thought. Hello, it's Dr. Johnson. Oh, well, that sounds like something that you could handle. Can you handle this, baby?  Well, you know Mm-hmm. How's that?  That's nice. That's really nice. No, no, no, don't be nice. Don't be nice. You need to be firm. I really think I really think it's just a leg cramp and you can probably just rub it out. Whatever you say, doctor.  I think you've got it now. I think you got it. Okay, well, call me if you have any problems. Okay. Oh, Steve. Don't ever do that again.  Laughs Now, you pack what you need. And I will call you after a while. Thank you. Thank you. All right, you can thank me by staying out of trouble. I'll do the best I can. I'll see you. You'll be hearing from me. Okay. Did I do something wrong? Nothing yet. that I looking at me like that? You're a DiMera. I see. I'm a DiMera. Right. Maybe you would afford me the opportunity to turn that into " was a DiMera. " Oh, I'M. you don't even need to. Once a DiMera, always a DiMera. But if I was going to act like a DiMera, I wouldn't have called you up and told you to come here. Well, maybe that's exactly what you would do. You know, I have been around too long to drop my guard to a DiMera. Wells, all right? Let's just, um. let's just call me E.J. Wells. A rose by any other name. I see. It's that horrible DiMera blood I have coursing through my veins. Exactly. Sami and the twins are gon na have the ISA keeping an eye on them. Oh, I see. Sorry. What you mean on me. Oh, they're gon na be crawling up your jockstrap. I'm telling you, do not mess with Sami and those babies. I love my son. Abe. I love my son. He can't be trusted. Yeah, Doc, when he says he doesn't know what he's doing, don't buy into it. He knows exactly what he's doing. He's trying to get you to lower your defenses. I know that. I know he can't be trusted. Not yet. It breaks my heart. This is where I want to be, unless you don't want me here. Are you okay? I had a dream. It was about you. Lucas' life has already been threatened once, and now he's bunking with Stefano DiMera. 
That's a lot of shoes. Maybe if you took something out. Did you pack everything for the twins? Yes. Did you pack everything for the twins? Why don't you let me worry about the twins? You focus on yourself. Do you really need all this? Can you tell me for sure how long we're gon na be hiding from your father? No. Well, then, I got another suitcase. Samantha, you don't need a suitcase. We're going into hiding, not on holiday. We don't have Sherpas and a van downstairs. It's just what we can carry. Okay. Then I better make the phone call to the pediatrician. I need to make an appointment for the twins in the morning. Samantha, you can't do that. Are you kidding me? We don't know how long we're gon na be gone. I need to take the twins to see the doctor before we go. not going out in public. It's dangerous. I get to decide what's safe enough for my twins. They need to see a doctor. And while we're at it, I think we should establish some ground rules here. Oh. Okay. Ground rules, huh? Starting with when you are not helping me with the twins, I want you to stay as far away from me as possible. I don't know how much longer I can stay cooped up in here.  Then get someone to post bail for you. Philip's lawyers are working on it.  Well, then, you don't have much say in the matter, do you? So, relax. Make yourself a peanut-butter sandwich or whatever it is you people like. You know what, man? You're really getting on my nerves.  Laughs Then find another cell to pace. Listen to you giving me a hard time about not posting Mr. Almighty? Why don't you spend some money and get yourself out of here? Claire. Claire Shh. Take it easy. You're just dreaming. What about my dad? Was that a dream? No. Your father's alive. Have they found Claire? It's okay. Here you go. Two sugars, three creams. Oh, Hope, thank you. Don't mention it. My pleasure. Any word from Bo or Roman? No, no. Actually, I think they're following up a few leads right now. Sighs Poor Claire. They have to find her. Well, if anyone could do it, it's definitely them. Roman said he was gon na check in with us about John's situation later. John is not a situa- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to No 'm sorry. I'm just getting carried away by my emotions. Look, I know that I should just back up and keep some distance on this. That's what's best for John. It's just very hard for me to do. Of course it is. Actually, I'm amazed at how calm and in control you are. I know a lot about the human brain. I studied it for years. And that knowledge is going to prove invaluable to us. I was also held captive by Stefano, so I know what John's been going through. So, I can now forgive him if he says or does anything that he doesn't mean. That's very accepting. Yeah, well, that's what is. That isn't John in there, you know. It just isn't. When I saw him talking to Belle, I thought, " you know what? This is gon na be easy. " That was until 're in this for the long haul. And you'll do whatever that takes. I will never stop fighting for him. Echoing John. Doc.  Lawyers are a funny breed. Yeah, that's true, but it doesn't answer my question.  My lawyers could get you out of here in less than 24 hours. What about you? Why don't they do that for you?  Well, as I just said, lawyers are a funny breed. Let's just say, for argument's sake, that I take you up on your offer, and your lawyers, they free me by morning. Then I'm indebted to you, right? What the hell do I have to do to pay off that debt?  You make it sound so manipulative. Manipulative? Stefano DiMera? No, you don't know how to do that, do you?  Lucas, my proposal is simple.   here to see you.  We will finish this little discussion as soon as I'm back to our little home away from home. Yeah. I know exactly what happens to people who make deals with Stefano DiMera. John. Are you okay? I had a dream. Tell me. It was about you. You weren't dreaming about your father. But Claire, she isn't here. She's still missing. I was having a nightmare. She was right in front of me. She was screaming for me, and I couldn't get her. I don't know what's worse, the nightmare or not knowing where she is. Hey, you will see her, and you will hold her. She's gon na be back in your arms before you know it. I'm gon na go find her. You're not gon na do anything until you get better. You're not gon na bed. I've been in bed long enough. My daughter is missing. And the police are looking for her. And Shawn's out there, too. He will not come back without her. I'm going to look for her. Listen to me. I mean it. You're not gon na do anything until you get better. When she gets back, you can take care of her. But until then, you need to at least try and get some sleep. I don't want to sleep. I'm gon na call the nurse. Maybe they can get some help for you. No. No. I don't want anybody to give me anything. I don't want to be drugged when they bring her here. Or if my father comes back, I want to be awake for that. Coughing What do you need me to do? Do you want me to call a nurse? You got yourself worked of water. Okay. Sighs Thank you. Is that better? Yeah. You look absolutely. exhausted, sweetie. So do you. I think your work's probably piling up. You should go. No, work can wait. It's not as important as being here. I wouldn't be able to focus, anyway. This is where I want to be. Unless you don't want me here. Stop. Stop being so great. It's just making me feel worse. Samantha, it sounds like you want to hide from me, not with me. Do you want to do this on your own? It's hardly about what I want. I'm just doing what I think is best. And right now, I just want to help us all avoid an uncomfortable situation. There's not gon na be an uncomfortable situation. We're staying in a house surrounded by all of your father's Good. Well, then, we have an understanding, right? Sure. Baby crying Um. your turn. Okay. (Cellphone-rings) Hello? Sami, it's me. Don't hang up. What do you want, Lucas? I want to know why you haven't returned any of my lawyers' phone calls. Well. I'm really busy dealing with a whole mess of my own problems now. Look, I know I screwed up, but I did it for you. You didn't trust me to handle this, Lucas. I made a mistake, all right? I can see that now. And I'd take it back if I could, but I can't. And now we're stuck like this. apart. Yeah, well, it's obvious I'm not gon na change the way you feel about me. How's Allie? I mean, I-I really miss her And I miss you, too. Allie's okay. You don't have to worry. Can you at least bring her over here to visit me or something? No, I can't. Why not? She's my daughter. I have a right to see her. I'm not trying to be mean, Lucas, but I'm taking the twins someplace safe from Stefano. Where are you going? Where do you think you're going? Where are you taking my daughter? I don't know where we're going. You can't do this to me. I don't deserve it. I'm gon na talk to my dad, and he will get you all the information he can, okay? What, are you doing this to get even with me? I am doing this to protect our twins from Stefano. How is he gon na hurt you? How is he gon na hurt anybody locked up with me You had a dream about me. Tell me. What was I doing? Where was I? I don't know. What do you remember? I'm not sure. I'm not too sure of anything. It's these damn drugs. Everybody wants to. keep me so quiet. I can't think straight. I'll see if I can lower the dosage. Yeah, that'd be a start. I'll be right back. While I'm gone, try to remember that dream. Yeah. Oh. Was he awake? Yes. What did he say? He had a dream. about me. No details, but he had a dream about me. Do you believe him? Well, I'm not sure exactly. He could be trying to work me, or he could be having a breakthrough. But I'll find out.  that the process seems to be working. Ah. Can you feel it? We are removing memories, hmm? Personality. Not everything, of course, but we are also extracting cognitive thought. relationships, hmm? Uh. emotions. You are going to be a clean slate, my friend. a clean slate. Oh, my God. I don't believe this. Sami, it's true. I am sharing a cell with Stefano. Where are you right now? I am in my cell. Lucas, we can't be talking right now with Stefano right there. Listen, he's not here, all right? They took him to see his attorneys. We can talk. It's okay. So, how are you calling me from your cell? He must have smuggled one in here. I went through his stuff, and I found it. You didn't answer my question. Are you okay? There's nothing to be afraid of. He's here, all right? Stefano's here. He can't touch you. Lucas, what are you talking about? Do you know how long his arms are? He could reach through those bars and grab anything he wants, including his grandson. So, you're not gon na tell me where you're going. Lucas, I don't know. I honestly don't. Abe is in charge. He is taking us away someplace safe. Hey, do you know where Johnny's ointment is? He's got a bit of a rash. Who's there? Is that your loving husband? Moaning Door opens  Sighs Are we all done? Ah, that did not take as long as I suspected. Hello, John. Well, that is your name, I hear. John Black Marvelous. Marvelous. Clapping Marvelous. Chuckles All right. I'll bet if you to recognize it. Rolf has created a wondrous system, don't you think? Oops. Chuckles That's foolish of me to say. You can not think. Laughs Please, forgive me. Oh, that is even sillier for me to say because you can not forgive me. Ah. All right. Hmm. A man's entire life, everything he knew, everything he remembered, has been extracted from his brain and placed on this single, little disc. Chuckles It's incredible, huh? Incredible. Aaah Don't take it Don't take it Don't take it Listen to me. I don't blame you for anything that's happened, for anything you've said, or anything you've done. How can you even say that? I've held you at such a distance, and you've just been trying to be there for me. You saved my life. Best thing I ever did. Well not how I want it between us. There is no us. And there is no Shawn and me. And now I don't even have my daughter. (Voice-breaking) I should have saved her. There was nothing more you could do. There's always something. And what would that have been? Beat up your kidnappers? Disarm them and tie them up? You tried. You did everything you possibly could to take her away from those people, and now you need to get well. I didn't do enough. You couldn't have done any more. No one could have done enough. You are a victim, Belle. I might be able to buy that except that everyone I love is becoming a victim, too. Stop it. You can't go back and fix things. It's in the past. You can't change it. But you can prepare for the future. And you can start by getting well, rest and some sleep, by natural means or with a sleeping pill. I don't want it I already told you, I don't want it Well, I've upset you. I'm gon na go and let you get some sleep. Philip, wait. Please don't go. That's E.J ., isn't it? He's there. What the hell is E.J. doing in our apartment? Listen, Lucas - Don't tell me you're gon na go off with him somewhere to hide out, you and my daughter. Are you out of your mind, Sami? Do you remember who E.J. is? We can't talk about this right now. What did he want? He wanted to tell me about his new cellmate. Really? He called you all the way from jail just to tell you about the guy he's bunking with? Yep. Well, . It's Stefano. How did that happen? I don't know. Lucas didn't get that far into the story. Samantha, the two of you didn't say something that my father could have overheard, did you? According to Lucas, Stefano was out talking to his lawyers. But. But what? Lucas' life has already been threatened once, and now he's bunking with Stefano DiMera. I mean, God All right, look. Stop. Let's just think about this for a second. Now, I know this is probably not any great consolation, Samantha, but, ironically, if Lucas is in the same cell with my father, that's about the safest place he can be. My dad does not get his own hands dirty. God, E.J ., I hope you're right. What happened? He just started screaming. Page Dr. Carrington. I'll remember the dream? I don't know I can't remember anything because of these damn drugs. Did you talk to the doctor about lowering the dosage? I'm waiting for a call back. Can the drugs affect his memory? They could. I can't remember anything, and the doctor's giving me drugs to mess with my memory. That's just brilliant. I think you'll remember more when we lower the dosage. What's going on? Doctor. when this woman talks to you, I want you to listen to her. I'd like a word with you, please. Sure. I don't know what those monsters did to John's mind, but he needs therapy immediately. I know we can undo whatever was done to him, but it has to happen quickly because if it doesn't, he will lose every shred of memory that he has. we do anything. What do you think about lowering his medications? Is this his idea or yours? Both. He thinks that will help him remember his dreams, and that's possible. I'm not sure about lowering the dosage. I'll get back with you. What's going on, Doc? If you close your eyes and let your thoughts drift, does anything come to mind? The same thing as when my eyes are open. And that is? I don't like you or trust you. What was all that about with Dr. Carrington? We were just talking about John's medications. Doc, let me ask you something, okay? Don't you think you're a little too close to John to be involved in his treatment? Love doesn't make me stupid, Roman. No one thinks that. But there are certain people who Abe, for one. Really? Because I didn't know Abe was running the hospital now. He doesn't. But Jim Finch does. And just like Jim Finch, Abe believes there's a conflict. So, apparently a decision has been made. Dr. Carrington is the only one permitted to treat John, which means you have to back off. You are talking to me like I am some kind of fool who can be tricked into unchaining him, giving him $200, and putting him in a taxi cab. All I want is to free the real John from that body in there. So do I. You know that, Marlena. But in case you've forgotten, you were the one in charge when John freed himself. Is he asleep? No. He's probably trying to figure out a way to strangle me. Marlena, I'm sure that Dr. Carrington will listen to your opinion. take it. Well, we do have to err on the side of extreme caution. We don't know what John's capable of. We know that he's capable of getting out of the restraints. My point is we don't know who this guy is. Yeah, he's in John's body, but we have no idea what Stefano did to his brain. I'm sedated. not absent. Did you talk to the doctor? Yes. He won't lower your medications. May I have a moment alone with John, please? The guard stays. But of course. John, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Well, I'm sure you are. I want you to know that no matter what, I will love you, and I will always fight for you. Why won't you look at me? Why? You want to know why? I'll tell you exactly why. long, were you?  I always find it best when dealing with lawyers and their hourly fees to keep it short and sweet. Ah. Did you miss me? You were talking about getting me out of here right before that guard came and got you.  Oh, yes. And if I remember correctly, you wanted nothing to do with it. Well, why don't you tell me what it is, and then I'll tell you if I'm interested.  All right. The, uh, proposal is really quite simple. And it's something, I think, that you will find agreeable. I could use a little assistance in getting my grandson away from his parents. You want me to kidnap Sami's son?  Yes. Samantha and Elvis'. Doesn't that sound reasonable to you? It doesn't sound reasonable to me at all.  Why on earth not? If Giovanni is away from Samantha, that means should think that would be something that would be enticing to you. Yeah, E.J. out of Sami's life, yeah, sure. But kidnapping Sami's son? No, thank you. I'm not interested.  What a shame.   Lucas Horton. Time to stretch your legs. Oh, fun.  Just think of the wonderful shape you are going to be in, Lucas. I get to defend myself again.  Ah. So. Lucas Horton. tell me, did you make some calls while I was away? Ah. (Cellphone-ringing) Oh, Lucas. Lucas, listen to me. You have to stop calling me because Stefano, who knows what that son of a bitch has done to his phone.  Oh, my goodness. I hope you're not speaking about me, Samantha. It's off. Look, it's going to be all right. Thank you for staying. Don't thank me want to be. I don't know what I'd do without you. You're the only who's been here with me. I mean, I know Shawn is getting Claire. Yeah, she'll be home soon enough. And my mom is taking care of my dad. And your dad can help find Claire, too. Every time I've opened my eyes, you've been the first face I would see. It's nice. It's really nice to see your face. I want nothing more than to be the first face you see when you wake up. Stutters I-I shouldn't have said that. You're vulnerable right now. I don't want to be the guy Stop, stop. I know what you meant. Do me a favor. Anything. Will you hold my hand until I fall asleep? Crystal-humming- " Hush, -little 2-baby " You can let go of case. What does that mean? You can't stop the flow of drugs. You are of no further use to me. Look, you may think that, but I know you don't believe that. Are you okay? I got to go. I'll come with you. No, no. I just want to be alone. What do you think that was all about? She thought he was John. He's not. Whatever Stefano did to him runs pretty damn deep. I'm beginning to wonder if we're ever gon na be able to reach the real John. I'm gon na grab some more tea. I want the dosage upped 10 cc, administered 24 hours a day. Are you sure, doctor? Thinking I think you were close to a breakthrough, John. I know you were. And if I have to take matters into my own hands The creep is dead. What other story is there to tell? The truth. I'm thinking that, that's what we should do. Was this a mission that Stefano gave? Stefano. I'm just really worried about Claire. We'll find her. Together. Which is why I think it's time I got back in the game. 
I can't do this. E.J ., I know you're head over heels for Sami. But don't tell me you haven't wondered what this would be like again. I know I sure have. I'm sorry. You know, the kiss would be a lot better if you actually helped. Nicole, I'm helping you by not kissing you. And please stop thinking that you can manipulate me into doing something by what you think you know about my marriage or lack thereof. I know plenty. I told you. Fine, but you're deluded if you think you can blackmail me into doing something. This isn't blackmail. Really? What is this? It's just a little friendly persuasion. " Friendly persuasion "? Right. You know, E.J ., I was just hoping that maybe I'd get you to realize there are other fish in the sea. You don't need that piranha who will eat you alive by the time 'm standing, you are the piranha. Do you understand that? And you're being foolish. What happens if Victor walks through that door? I'll tell you bam Your divorce settlement is out the window. You really think all I care about is money? No, I don't. Doorbell rings Do you know who that is? How should I know?  You have a guest, Ms. Walker. I have a guest? Who would visit me? The only friend I have I should say had is standing right here. What about me? Ava. Oh, my gosh. What are you doing here? Oh, you know, I was in the neighborhood. I thought I'd pop in, see what you were up to. But it appears you're busy with our attorney. Ava. No, no, I'm not busy at all as it turns out. Son't know. I thought maybe we could go out, have a girls' night hit a few hot spots, have a little fun. Ooh, that sounds fantastic. No, it doesn't. Sorry, ladies. That sounds like a terrible idea. I'm telling you guys, you are gon na be so glad that you came. It's gon na be so cool.  To a book signing. I got to be honest with you, if Steph hadn't have talked me into this, I pro I think you might find it interesting. Do you even know what the book is about?  No. Well, it's a pretty big deal. It's about how cold fusion and nuclear power can be used in a responsible way.  Wow, that sounds like a page-turner. Trust me you are gon na love this. I'm gon na go grab some drinks.  So, I act now, okay? We both know you're into this stuff, so you don't have to pretend with me. Don't listen to him, Ava. I am so happy you're here, and a girls' night out with you is exactly what the doctor ordered. Yeah, well, it doesn't look like our attorney likes the idea. I'm not very keen on the idea. Look, Ava, I mean this with all due respect, but you're charged with causing a plane crash that resulted in the deaths of three people. Nicole, it does not do for you to be seen with her. Excuse me? Nicole, your husband's lawyers are looking for any opportunity to trash you to the jury. Why would you give them this kind of ammunition? He's right. Nobody should be seen with me right now. I'm gon na go. Ava, Ava, wait a second. Ava right now. So I'm gon na go out, and I'm gon na have a good time, and I don't give a damn what you say. You're not gon na stop me. So go. It's your funeral. But before you do, we have a little bit of business to discuss. You know what, E.J.? You had your chance. Come on, Ava, let's go raise some hell. I just want to change first. Chuckles I must be out of my mind. Out of my mind. E.J.? What are you doing here? Chelsea. That's a good question. Okay, well, I'm here looking for my grandpa. Have you seen him? No. Thank God. What? Chelsea. Daniel. You know what I think would perk these up a little and maybe even us? No. What? Ta-da've got to say I like your style. Well, it's not unusual. You know, in Italy, when you add a shot of hooch, it's called corrected coffee. Yeah. Which I find appropriate. It is. Shall I correct your coffee? I don't think so. What? I thought you wanted to party. Yeah, I did. I do. It's just. here? Java Caf? Not exactly what I had in mind. I know. We've exhausted all our options for Salem on a Monday night. Everything's either dead, closed, or filled with losers. Yeah. There's got to be something that we can do, though .' Cause I can not take another night at the Salem Inn staring at those four walls. I hear ya, sister. You know what? Don't worry. We will figure something out. Because I'm not going fun, damn it. Ooh, hear, hear. Chelsea Chelsea, are you okay? Ugh, where to go, what to do. You know, this is pathetic. You know, here we are, two hot babes out on the town. You wouldn't think it'd be so difficult to find some action. Yeah. Oh, no. What? That's just what I needed. What's going on? Look, every time I run into Steve's daughter, she rips into me, not not that I blame her. If I were her, I would hate me, too. Oh, come on. Don't talk like that. You know, I was just so ready to get out and finally do something halfway normal, you know? I know. I'm sorry it hasn't quite worked out. You know what? Let's blow this joint, get go where? There is nothing to do. Sure there is. We are two smart, resourceful women. If we can't find a place to party, we'll make one of our own. What are you talking about? I'll tell you on the way. Come on. Hurry up. Hurry? Hurry where? To get everything that we're gon na need. Want your coffee? No, it's not good. Well, I'll take it anyway. Come on. We're gon na have fun. Whoo-whoo. Whoo-whoo.  Sighs So, what time is this thing supposed to start anyway? Like any minute now. Um, seriously, thank you guys so much for coming to this with me. I need to know everything that's going on in the world of green. We all do, so it's our pleasure. Right, Max?  Yeah, I'm just so happy for Okay, um. I'm kind of sensing, like, a little vibe here. What's what's going on? Ask Max. Well, I would, but I told Max that I wouldn't push and that when he's ready to open up and talk about whatever is bothering him, he will because he knows that I'm his friend and that he can tell me anything. You know that, right, Max?  Yeah, I do. And there's something I want to tell you right now. Honestly, Max, whatever it is, just go ahead and say it.  It's not that big a deal. I mean, what I want to say is, is, um. I'm amazed by you, Nick, really. I mean, not only do you have a brain, but you're focused and driven and you have the determination to take something that's given to you and make it worthwhile, Wait, and that's it? That's all you wanted to tell me? Are you sure there isn't something else?  What the hell? What's he doing here? Grandpa, you're home. I was just gon na come look for you. Really? You seemed like you were a million miles away. Oh, I was just thinking about, um. how I was gon na ask you for a favor. Well, I'm not one for beating around the bush. Whatever it is, speak up. You know I'd be more than happy to do anything for you that I can. Okay. Um, well, it's summer, and school's out, so I was kind of hoping I could get a job. And you'd like to work at Titan. No. Um. not that Titan's not great. It's just I was hoping you could use your connections at way, I'd be doing some, you know, real good. Well, I'll try not to take offense at that, since I'm sure you didn't mean it the way it came out. Oh, no. Titan's great. I didn't mean that I just meant I don't know what I meant. This is coming out all wrong. Listen, that's wonderful. I think it's wonderful that you really want to work at the hospital and do some good. Could we start over? No need. It's just that last summer, after the whole airline stewardess gig, I just I can't even believe I got myself involved in that. Well, we all make mistakes. Even I do it in my ripe old age. I find that very hard to believe. No, you'd be surprised. Anyway, look, it doesn't have to be anything big I think I know just the person to call. Great. Who? Who else but our friend Daniel? I'll call him right now. Telephone beeping You're good to go, Mr. Weisman. Keep that foot elevated and you give me a call if you got any problems at all. Mr. Weisman Will do, doc. Thanks a lot. Daniel. What is it? You all right? Maybe you can help me. I've been in a great deal of pain, and I think that there's something very wrong. Dr. Rolf Um, pardon me, sir. We have visitors. I thought I said I didn't want to be disturbed, Rolf. Dr. Rolf Well, um, it seems they have a search warrant. Oh, you got to be kidding me. Does this look like we're kidding? It's procedure, John. And Kilos of cocaine stashed in my house? I told you I was framed. I'm innocent. Okay, then you won't mind if we take a look around.  You didn't tell me he was the one writing the book. What is the big deal? Why are you so upset? Do you have some. kind of problem with Dean Robbins? Okay, when you said let's bring the party here, you weren't kidding, were you? Chuckling No. And, uh, picking up those few items was a lot easier than I thought once you decided to share that there was a men's fitness convention going on at your hotel. Yeah, well, I forgot. That's okay. I mean, all we had to do was show up and flash our cute, little smiles. Ladies, how are those drinks coming? They're almost ready. Clears throat Now that, Yeah, they're hot. And they definitely help, but, you know, we don't even know them. You have been out of the game for a while, haven't you? Uh, yeah. All right, well, the getting-to-know-them part is half the fun, so just follow my lead, okay? Ooh. Okay, there you go. Here we go. Here you are, gentlemen. Here you are. Bottom's up.  Cheers. Cheers. That's a damn fine martini. Well, I've had a little practice. So, what do you gals do? Well, uh, I'm into long-term investment strategies. Ava? Oh, I'm, uh, in between gigs at the moment. So, how long's the fitness convention in town? Tonight's the last night unfortunately. But maybe later, if you're interested, you can check anything I'd like better. But for now, how about a dance? Ah, I thought you'd never ask. Excuse me. I like to dance, too. Well, let's get this party started. Okay. Tell me baby, won't you come with me tell me tell me, tell me Singing indistinctly Yeah I thought I saw a look in your eyes tell me now, can you be all mine I really, really, want to get to know you I really want to get to know you so can you please help me, girl? Baby girl Tell me, tell me Looks like we've got another thing in common. And what's that? Well, the cops just love us. You don't know the half of it. Hey, I'm Martino Vitali's daughter. I think I got a pretty good idea. Have dinner with me. I don't think 're married to Dr. Marlena Evans, right? More or less. It's a yes or no question. Yes. All right, well, as much as I would enjoy having dinner with you, I can't. I don't date married men. But, uh, take care of yourself, John Black. Maybe I'll see you around. Maybe you'll be the one baby, won't you come with me tell me, can you be the one? Knock yourself out, kids. I'm gon na check around upstairs. Rolf, show the detective around. Will you be all right here alone? You mean alone with me? Why wouldn't she be? I'll be fine. Let me know if you find anything. I won't be long. Dr. Rolf We can start with the master suite. Alone at last. What do we have here? my half brother. You look at this, you'd think the DiMeras were just your average happy family. Nothing but smiling faces. Still. I'll bet it brings back some memories for you, also. There's nothing I care to remember about Stefano DiMera. And I can't remember. which is kind of a nice thing about having amnesia, only. along with all the bad stuff, I've lost all the good stuff, too. I know. Your life with Marlena, the kids, your career. No, I was thinking about something else. Such as? The time you and I had spine-shattering sex on a submarine. When did you start having these stomach pains? Um. a few days ago. I thought that, you know, it was something that I ate or that I caught a bug or something. But you say it keeps getting worse. Yeah. Yeah, it help it. All right, I want to run some tests, see what's going on. That bad, huh? No, I didn't say that. We just don't know anything yet. I can tell by your face you think it's serious. (Footsteps-approaching) Daniel, thank you for making oh, I'm sorry. The nurse said you were in here. I assumed you were alone. What are you doing here? Are you okay? I'm fine. Really, I just came to see Daniel about some stomach pains that I've been having, but it's it's nothing. Are you sure ?' Cause you look really pale. Daniel, is she all right? Oh, she should be fine. And based on what you told me, Kate, in my preliminary exam, I'd like to keep you overnight to run those tests. Do you think that's really . Couldn't you just give me something for the pain? Not until we figure out what's causing it. I don't like this. I'm really worried about you. Sweetie, really, I mean, it's absolutely nothing. Chances are that it's just a little minor something. Well, whatever it is, Daniel will take very good care of you. I can vouch for that. Sighs Yes, I'm sure he will. I'm sure he will. But, look, what are the two of you doing here? I mean, don't tell me that you're feeling sick again. No, it's nothing like that. Um, I was actually dragged here against my will. What? Chelsea asked me to help her get a summer job here at the hospital, so, naturally, the first person I thought of was Daniel. Look, I didn't mean for you to no. No worries. No, I can help out. In fact, I think I have something in mind. Excellent. It could be a pretty cool gig. All I got to do is make a phone call. Thanks, but, um, in all honesty, I can't really think about that right now. I'm worried about you. Is she gon na be okay? Well, yeah. The sooner we run those tests, the sooner we'll get some some real answers. Okay, look, um, Daniel, Victor, could I have a moment alone with Chelsea, please? We'll be right outside. Thanks. All right, Daniel, what's going on with Kate? I want the truth. If you can't remember your life, how on earth do you remember that? Well, let's just say. a little birdie told me. It was a long it. No doubt a little embarrassing for you now. The point is, I've learned lots of interesting things lately. That's nice, John. Despite being happily married and a devoted family man, it seems that I've got quite a few notches on my bedpost, including that one for you. You know what? This conversation's completely inappropriate and pointless. I love my husband. And you. love Marlena. She's my wife. I got that. But obviously it wasn't always true for either of us. It was always true. Always. Even when even when you and I were together, it was true. You don't say. So we just. cheated for the fun of it? It's a long story, John. A long time ago. I got all night. No plans, nowhere to go. But then there is your husband to consider, so why don't you imagine he would enjoy hearing us relive it. I have no intention of reliving it. Fine. Then you leave me no choice but to ask him. For God sake, why are you doing this? Because you are investigating me, and I have to know if you have a personal ax to grind. I don't. I will be the judge of that. So. tell me our story. Or I will get the information I need from somebody else. All right. You want to know what happened between us? Okay, I'll tell you. Thank you. Thanks, guys, for understanding. Maybe we can do it some other time. You girls have a good night. Yeah. You're missing out. We know. Our loss. Okay. I'm so sorry. For what? For faking that headache thing and sending them away. You were faking?, Nicole. I did. I wanted to put all that bad stuff out of my head and have a good time, but it wasn't the way. You didn't like Barry and Fabio. Oh, no. They were very nice, not to mention gorgeous. I know. I know. Not what we need. Fun for a night, but that's about it. Yep, and then back to reality. You're not angry with me, are you? No, of course not. And you want to know why? Why? Oh, I can't believe these words are actually gon na come out of my mouth, but. you're right. They are not what we need to fix what's wrong in our lives. Oh, honey, I don't know if anything can fix my life. Same here. But I know a way to start. Whoo Mix me up a new have a problem with Dean Robbins. I don't even know the guy. Then why are you so upset that he wrote the book?  Maybe I over-reacted. Yeah, maybe.  I just thought that maybe we were at least gon na meet someone famous or semi-famous, not the dean to your physics department. He's like a visionary and like a genius.  Yeah, I'm sure he is, but, look, you know what? I just it's not my thing. I'm sorry. Max.  No, look, I'm over it. Are you leaving?  I've had a long day, and I'm bored, and I'm tired, and I shouldn't have agreed to come here in the first place. Don't look now, but he's coming over. Dean-Robbins Nick, Stephanie, thank you so much for showing up. Absolutely. I wouldn't miss it for book. It sounds really exciting. Dean-Robbins Oh, well, thank you very much. I'm very proud of it. Dean Robbins, I'd like to introduce you  Max. I'm Max. I just tagged along. Dean-Robbins Well, thank you for coming, Max. It's nice to meet you.  It's nice to meet you, too. Dean-Robbins I do believe that looking to safe nuclear power as a primary alternative to fossil fuels is key to sustaining our planet. And I only hope that the theories that I have set forth in my book will work toward achieving that goal. And I thank you all for coming. Whoo-hoo Yeah. Okay, you can not tell me that that was boring.  Not gon na lie couldn't keep my eyes open. Are you kidding me?  No, and if this is over, can we go? No, I want to get a book and have it, famous.  Can't you just get one from him at school? I want to do it right now. Excuse me. You know you want one, too.  No, not really. Come on. We'll both get copies.  I said no. What do you mean " what's going on? " Well, if there's something seriously wrong with Kate, I need to know. She's the mother of my son. Even so, Victor, I can't discuss her case with you. There's nothing more to tell you even if I could. I don't even have a diagnosis yet. Look, I know my ex-wife. She's not one to go running to doctors unless there's something really wrong. Well, let's hope that's not the case. Chelsea's really depending on her now since Billie's left. The two of them have become very close. 's great that, you know, we're gon na give her a job here. I'll do whatever I can to hook her up. Thank you, Daniel. We can always count on you. Okay, so, what'd you want to talk about? No, on second thought, maybe you should just be resting. I told you that I'm fine. You're the one I'm worried about. Me? Yeah, you. Do you really think it's a good idea to be working here at the hospital along with Daniel? Look, okay, even if I did get a job here, which isn't necessarily gon na be the case, I doubt that I'll be working alongside him or anywhere near him for that matter. I think it would be very likely that you would be running into him a lot. Look, I appreciate your concern, but I'll be okay. Daniel and I about him not wanting to get involved? Okay, he basically said that he was attracted to me, but he can't get over the whole age difference or ex-patient thing. Besides which, he's got a lot of other stuff going on, so. What do you mean " other stuff "? The point is, is that it's over and I don't want to think about it anymore, okay? I just want to move on and focus on something that's actually worthwhile. I need to stop pining over something that I can never have. Okay. Do you really think you can do that? So, that's it. That's the whole, insane story. Satisfied? Yeah. Kind of glossed over the good part. You know all you need to. So, basically, it all comes back to my wonderful big brother just messing with my head again. Not just your head. My head together if Stefano hadn't manipulated us into thinking we were other people, John. Other people who were lovers. Yes. Man had a weird way to get his jollies, didn't he? That's an understatement, isn't it? One more thing. Certainly you can tell me this much. What's that? When he threw us together that last time on the submarine. did we have fun? Honestly, I don't remember. I don't want to talk about it anymore. It's okay. I got my answer. It was hot. How would Marlena feel about this conversation? Blondie's not here. Besides, all she wants is for me to remember my past. I told you everything you wanted to know. Back off. Fair enough. I won't mention it again. Good. Thank you. You have my word. Good. You believe me . Look, I know you're. not the man you once were. And this, um. new you from what I can tell, like it or not, it's what you see is what you get. The only question then is. do you like it or not? Oh, God. Do you know what I want? Another martini? Chuckles No. I want to be in love again. Uh-oh. Should I warn Steve to take cover? Chuckles You're funny. No. You know, I'm always gon na have a really soft spot in my heart for him. But he's different now. So am I. I thought you said you were done with love. Yeah, well, what can I say? I kind of want to be with somebody, you know? Get to know someone, spend some time, sha I don't know why I'm even talking about it say it's not gon na happen? Okay, number one the guy would have to be absolutely out of his mind crazy to get involved with me. That is not true. And even if it is, there are a ton of crazy guys in Salem. Take it from someone who knows. Hmm. I think it's hopeless. Although. Although what? I did kind of meet someone today. Really? Do tell. Well, he was a little strange a lot strange. Chuckles But we kind of had this weird connection. That's great. No, it's not. Why?  Cause he's married. Oh. Well, who is he? What's his name? John Black. Chuckles That's a strange question to ask. Well, I'm a strange guy. So, what's your answer? Well, let's see um I'm starting to get used to this new you. Hey. Hey. Did you find anything? No. Not a thing. If you want to crack this case. you want to talk to Philip Kiriakis. Yeah, we heard. He set you up, planted those drugs on your ship. Well, here's something that you haven't heard. I have proof. What's your problem now?  I'm sorry. This is my one night off, and this is the last place I want to be. Got it one signed first-edition copy. It's gon na be worth so much money not that I would ever sell it.  Of course not. Could we go now? Yeah, sure. Thank you for waiting. Dean-Robbins Thank you for coming. Oh, sorry. We're closing up.  I-I just forgot my cellphone. Dean-Robbins Oh, hey. Max, is Did you want me to sign a book for you?  No. Dean-Robbins Okay.  Because I think that, that book is the biggest pile of garbage that I have ever heard of, and I think you are a con man and a fraud. Chuckles John Black. He's the one who asked you out? Yeah. You know him? I had a date with him myself not too long ago. Oh, you did. I had a great time until he figured out I was trying to spy on him, but that's a really long story. But. what I can tell you is that John has changed a lot from the man he used to be, and a whole lot. You know, I have heard that. I have. And I got to tell you something, Nicole, he was like I don't know there was something it wasn't dangerous, but a little Unpredictable And he and Saint Marlena don't exactly see eye to eye anymore. Yeah, but they are still married. But they are not together like together together. So my advice to you, my friend, is go for it. Really? Heck yeah. I mean, the new John is hot. I mean, he's filthy rich to boot. You could do a lot worse. Okay, you got our attention. Let's hear it. You have actual proof that Philip framed you? I have it on good authority that he's been meeting on the sly with Paul Hollingsworth. So? You're the cops. Figure it out. You're saying that Philip framed you and used Paul Hollingsworth to plant those drugs? Congratulations. Thing is Paul was on your payroll. No, he's on Philip's. You're worried that, uh, he was on Philip's payroll the him and he was betraying you. No. What I'm saying is it would do you well to look into the Hollingsworth/Kiriakis connection. Dean-Robbins You don't know what you're talking about, young man. Clearly, you are unable to grasp the concept of low-energy nuclear  Very possible. It's very possible because I'm a dumb bartender, right? But believe it or not, I understood what you were saying or what you were trying to say. Dean-Robbins Oh, then perhaps you would enlighten me as to where my theories went awry.  Let's start with the fact that you provided no explanation for how the barriers overcome, and then let's work our way up to how released nuclear energy is distributed within the atomic lattice. In sum, your ideas are seriously flawed, and I find your premise to be completely invalid. On top of which, I think you are a no-good son of a bitch. And I'm gon na let everyone at that. Cute poster. Don't worry. Like grandpa said, Dr. Jonas will take great care of you. He's the best. I'm sure he is. Well, if you'd like to get started on your paperwork, we can have you admitted right away. No muss, no fuss. If you insist. I do. Can I talk to you for a minute? Sure. Is this about the job? Look, if you're cool with this thing Yeah, I can do it. It's a big hospital. I doubt we'll really run into each other, but if we did, I will be okay with it. I just don't want you to think for one second that I'm taking the job to be near you ,' cause Gasps Aah Daniel It's okay. It's okay. Shh, shh, shh, shh. Just breathe mistakes. Can't we just get past that? I'm sorry, but I don't fool around with married women. Are you the one who planted those drugs on my ship? What's going on? It's John Black. Someone needs to stop that man. 
What are you doing? Getting the rest of my stuff. Hey, I wish you would have told me you were. here. I would have had somebody help you. I didn't want to bother you. You're gon na hurt yourself. What do you have in here, bricks? How many more are there? This is it. All right. your house key. Come on, Chloe. Tell Victor I didn't have any duplicates made. Please keep it. What, so I can come in for midnight booty calls? I don't think that would go over very well with your dad. You're keeping it. I don't want any arguments. I'm sorry. Yeah, so am I. I missed you last night. I missed you, too. But you have to pick your battles, and, apparently, I'm not worth fighting for. Well, the sooner, the better. So,, fine, 45 minutes. Yeah, I got the money. Yeah, man, cash just like you said. What do you need money for? (Cellphone-rings) Hello? Ava, what can I do for you? Well, of course the offer still stands. How about 7:30 tonight at my mansion? That sounds perfect. Goodbye. I wasn't sure you were gon na show. Why, because of rumors about the drug bust? That's all they are, John. Just rumors. Well, I don't know, Paul. My sources tell me that you've been associating with Philip Kiriakis. Well, your sources are wrong. Well, then, somebody's lying. I don't like liars, so I'm going to give you one chance to come clean. Are you the one who planted those drugs on my ship? Hey, Pete. Hey, Steph. Usual question where's Max but he should be back any minute, though. Okay, thanks. Yep. Dean Robbins. Dean-Robbins Hey, Stephanie. I really enjoyed your speech last night. I mean, it was so Dean-Robbins Boring? No. No. It was just over my head. Dean-Robbins What, are you telling me you're not interested in cold fusion and nuclear power? It's not that I'm not interested. I mean, I am completely behind anything that can get us away from fossil fuels. See? I did learn something. Dean-Robbins Yeah, well, maybe if I had presented it in a 3-minute video, you would have gotten more, right?  Hey, what the hell are you doing here? Of course you're worth fighting for. If that were the case, I wouldn't be moving out. Chloe, don't do this. You know what? I've got to go. I here. So what if he does? Uh, he'd go ballistic. Not only would he be mad at me, he'd be mad at you. My Father is being totally unreasonable about this. I'll be fine. Obviously, your relationship with your father is more important than your relationship with me. You know, you're the one who said you were gon na move out. Because all you and your dad do is fight about it. But you didn't try to stop me. That doesn't mean I wanted you to go. Look, I didn't come here to argue with you. After you left yesterday, I made it clear to my Father he can't control who I date. But still, I'm gone. Victor despises me, and now after this whole thing with Brady, he's never gon na change his mind. And I wouldn't want to come between you and your than you realize. Are we still on for dinner tonight? I'm looking forward to it. So am I. I didn't plant any drugs, John. You know, I could ask you the same thing. I'm not in the narcotics business. But Victor Kiriakis was. a real kingpin in his day, and you know what they say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Yeah. Well, I don't know the Kiriakis kid all that well. Oh, come on, John. Look, you really think I'd take that kind of risk? I was lucky to survive the grand jury. You were lucky, all right ,' cause I was in your corner. And sometimes I think you may have forgotten that, Paul. No, I didn't forget. I remember. Do you? Because I could have dropped the dime on you a dozen times and I didn't because we I hope I don't find out that you've been lying to me. You won't. That's good. Because that would be a big mistake. John Clears throat Just what are we talking about? Uh, yeah, give me a deep dish sausage, pepperoni. Throw in some breadsticks, too, would you? All right, thank you. What, a little afternoon snack. I'm hungry. Um. so, things are kind of peaceful around here today. Haven't seen the big Brit yet. He's working. Oh, yeah? What, is he meeting with some more clients like Nicole? Well, Nicole is not his only client. Should put an ankle monitor on him. That way, you could tell just how much time he's spending with the gold digger. Why should I care what he does? Well, he is your husband, isn't he see. Lucas. Oh, come on, Lucas, wait. Look. I know I said horrible things to you, okay? I was upset. And you were supposed to be watching Allie, and you let her wander off. I only turned my back for a second, Sami. That's all it takes. I know that, but she wandered off beyond the perimeter. What was I supposed to do, just let her walk the streets? Of course not. But listen to yourself. I mean, she really could have been hurt. That's why you're here right now ?' Cause you don't trust me with Allie anymore? No, of course I trust you. I want us to work together with Allie. I don't want us to fight anymore. And. that's what I wanted to tell you, except, for then, I got a call from the police department saying that you had been I sort of lost it. I understand that. I probably would have done the same thing. Could we drop it now, please? I understand I made a mistake. Lucas. I want us to be together. I want us to be a family with Allie. What about Johnny? There's always E.J ., too. You got to make some kind of choice here, Sami. I have made my choice. I choose you. I love you. You're right. We have all made mistakes, Lucas. Can't we just get past that? I'm sorry, but I don't fool around with married women.  Get out. Dean-Robbins I hope this isn't how you treat all your customers.  Well, we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. He doesn't mean that.  Like hell I don't. Dean-Robbins So you're asking me to leave?  No, I'm telling with your manager.  You're looking at him. Dean-Robbins Isn't that convenient?  Yeah. You know, to be honest, I would have thought this place was a little too blue-collar for a distinguished scientist such as yourself. Dean-Robbins Well, I didn't come here for the food. I came to see you, the young man who had the audacity to discredit my book. What? Dean-Robbins Oh, yeah. After the book signing, he came back in and insulted me, my theorems, and the entire premise of my book.  Well, you see, Steph, this guy is a total fraud. Dean-Robbins Tell me, how is it that a guy who pours beer for a living thinks he knows the first thing about forward-thinking scientific applications?  Do I have to spell it out for you? Get the hell out, and I don't ever want to see you here again. Dean-Robbins Hmm. The problem with young people today they know Why are you acting like this? ' Cause you heard the guy. He thinks I'm some kind of brain-dead bartender. Why don't you tell him the truth? I love you. Why are you pushing me away? Believe me, I want you. I want everything we talked about. I want a big family and a nice house, but I didn't think E.J. was gon na be a part of the picture. He is not. It is over between us. Maybe in your eyes, but not his. Lucas, you are my future. I love you. I want to grow old with you. Yeah, I wanted that, too, but now. But what about our plan? What, our Florida plans? Yeah, come on. Don't you remember how much we talked about how we were gon na break the mold? We're gon na be that old couple that of polyester. Wake boarding instead of shuffle boarding. We can have that. Lucas, we can make our dreams come true. I'm sorry, Sami. I just don't see how that's possible anymore. Hey, honey. Hi. You know my friend John. I wish you wouldn't call him that. Morgan. I'm sorry. Where are my manners? It is so nice to see you again, Mr. Black. Pleasure's all mine. So, what were you two talking about? If you don't mind me asking. Of course not. I was just thanking John for all the hard work he's put in for me. I'm a free man because of this guy. And with any luck, you'll be back in your old job in no time. I like the sound of that. Daddy, I was kind of hoping you'd get less stressful. I got to have a good-paying job. I mean, college doesn't come free these days. Well, then, you know what? Let me help. I could apply for some student loans, maybe get a part-time job. I mean, maybe even Mom could No. No. My Dad provided for my education, and I plan to do the same for you. I appreciate that, Daddy, but honestly Hey, hey. Let your old man worry about this, all right? Trust me. I do. It's just not everybody is as trustworthy as you are. Is there a problem? As a matter of fact, there is. Morgan. Morgan. Daddy. No, no, no, no. Let her talk. Mr. Black, I would appreciate it if you stayed away from my Father. That's touching. I don't have that kind . I've asked you several times, and I really would like it if you respected my wishes. Stay away from my Father. As you wish. Daddy's all yours. Morgan. that was completely unnecessary. You know, I can take care of myself. That's just it, Daddy. I'm not sure that you can. I. I really have to go. Well, here. Let me take care of your room and whatever else you need. No. Come on, Chloe. I already got my first alimony check from Brady. I'm fine. Yeah, but that money's gon na disappear pretty quickly at 200 bucks a night for a hotel room. That's only until I find an apartment or something. I thought you were looking for a house. Yeah, there's this little problem I have. It's called a down payment. How much do you need you wouldn't be in this situation if it wasn't for me. I never planned on living here forever. And as far as rentals go, I've already looked at a few places near the university. No, no, no. You're not gon na do that. It's not that bad. Chloe, you wouldn't last one week down there. You make it sound like a war zone. I just think you should consider what you're getting yourself into. It's not like I'm gon na sign a long-term lease. I mean, who knows? I might be gone soon. You're not seriously thinking about moving away. If I don't find a job here, then why not? Cellphone ringing We'll figure something out, okay? Hey, I got to take this. Yeah, hold on a second. Look, he had no right to treat you that way, .  Why should I care what a pompous ass like him thinks? I think you do care. Otherwise, you wouldn't be so upset. Look, if you're not gon na say something, maybe I will.  No. I swear, if you say anything, Steph Okay. I'm not gon na say anything. I just I don't understand why you're being so secretive and closed off about this stuff.  Because it's not the right time. When is it gon na be the right time? Max, you could be doing so much with your life. That didn't come out right.  So working here at the pub, following in my Father's footsteps, that's not good enough? You know what? I'm happy with my life the way it is. Are you?  Yeah. Are you really happy right now? Because it sure doesn't seem like it. Look, than this science stuff. I think it's personal. Come on, max. Talk to me, please? Maybe I can help.  Look, I have beers to pour. Do you know what's on the disk? What do you mean " brain waves "? Well, find out, damn it. We don't have the luxury of time. I'm sorry to barge in like this, but I just did not know where else to turn. What's going on? It's John Black. Someone needs to stop that man. So, that's it? You're just gon na give up on us? I don't see the point in discussing this anymore. At least not until DiMera's dropped from your last name. The divorce is in the works. Just not good enough, Sami. You don't trust me. I don't trust E.J. and if he's the gon na happen,. It always does. I'm not stupid, all right? I'm gon na make sure Mickey looks at every single piece of paper. Well, great. Fine. But until it's final, until I see it in writing, you and I have nothing more to discuss. Forget it. How's my favorite stepdaughter? I'm so glad you're here. I need a woman's feedback. Tell me which of these. releases your feminine desires? Excuse me? Come on, I won't bite. Aah Laughs God. Sniffs Sniffs Clears throat Uh, tha that one's better. Yeah, I was kind of thinking the same thing. It's got that musky thing going on, right? Happy Birthday, kid. So, why are you trying on Coughs colognes? Well, for my hot date tonight. Your what? This stuff's supposed to salesgirl said. " Instant sex appeal " I believe those were her exact words. You can't be serious. You're married. I could say the same for you. That's a good point. Stop it. Now, I'll have no bickering when my lady friend arrives. We're gon na want some privacy. Getting my drift? Every man in here is completely insane  Where were you? What is that? Before you get upset  You took this from my room? Who is she?  I thought we trusted each other. We do. I'm sorry, okay? It's just you've been so closed off lately  So what, that gives you the right to go through my things? I said I was sorry.  You know what? You should go. Wait. Who is she?  We are not having this discussion now. You drawer if she wasn't important to you.  You want to know who it is? It's my Mom, my real Mom. Are you satisfied? Ah. Get a whiff of that kitchen. Cook has really out done herself. Only thing I get a whiff of is that cologne. Sense of humor. I like that. You really think it's wise to be dating? Ah, it's just dinner. You know, little social intercourse. How do you think that's gon na fly with Marlena? Well, she had her chance. If she can't accept me for who I am, I've got no choice but to move on, and wait till you get an eyeful of this babe. Oh, but I'm sorry. You won't, because you will be upstairs behind a closed door when she gets here, right? Yeah, right. I'll be out of your way. Because nothing kills a romantic dinner faster than a screaming baby. That's the truth. They're with Caroline. Mm, perfect. (Doorbell-rings) I got it. I got it, Rolf. You're good.  Lucas Horton? You got that thing?  You got the cash? We got a deal? Thanks. Dinner for one? No, in fact, I'm having dinner with Philip. Really? I thought he kicked you out. Who told you that? I saw you getting out of the cab just now with all your luggage and everything. It's about time Philip gave you the boot. For your information, I moved out because I wanted to. Oh, I'm sure that's true. You wanted to leave that horrible mansion and all those servants and the pool. Who are you kidding, Chloe? I have to go. The meter's running. In fact, I actually thought it was gon na be Nicole who was voted off the island next. This was my choice. If you run into financial problems, you know, you could always sing in the subway. I'm sure people would give you lots of money. to stop. Why are you so mean to me? Do you have time for the entire list? I mean, I know that we're not friends, but do you think we can at least be civil? What, did you just join a 12-step program? I know you're angry with me because of Brady, but it's not my fault. Here we go again. I didn't force him into drugs. So you claim. And the second I found out what he was doing, I tried to stop him, but it was too late. Right, so you abandoned him and you didn't even tell his family to handle an addict, Chloe. I never abandoned Brady. And I'm so sick of everyone making me the villain. Did you ever stop to think about how this affected me? I lost my husband and my home and my career because of his addiction. And you found a way to make it all about you. I'm glad that Brady's finally getting help, because no one wants him to get better more than I do. You really care about him. Yes. Then explain to me why you didn't stay in Europe. Why didn't you fight for the man you love, for your marriage? Are you sure I'm not interrupting anything? Not at all. What was this about John? I think my Father's working for him. I just ran into them at the Java Caf. Did you happen to hear what they were talking about? I wish. Whatever it was, though Look, I'm sorry to come here and bother you with this. I just didn't know where else to go. I'm glad you came to me. I tried talking to my Father, but he insists everything's okay. I'm really worried about him, Philip. It's okay. We'll figure something out. I mean, he's really desperate right now, and the divorce has him completely drained and John knows it. He's taking complete advantage of him. Well, John does have a lot of money to toss around. There's got to be something we can do. Cellphone ringing Don't mind me. This will take two seconds, okay? Make it quick. John's on to me. I wouldn't be surprised if he's going to the cops. Damn it. I want the rest of my money. Did you say anything that might tip him off? about the rest of my payment. Do you really think you deserve it? Do I deserve it? I stuck my neck out for you, you little punk. Look, don't you forget I'm the one who planted those drugs on John's ship, so, yeah, I deserve it. You know what? You owe me big-time, Kiriakis.  Look, I have customers. I'm not leaving until you forgive me.  Get comfortable. Max, wait. I know I shouldn't have gone through your things, but, at the time, it seemed like a good idea.  Yeah, well, you'd be furious if I did that to you. I know. I just I thought maybe I could find something that could help me understand why you're so angry at Dean Robbins. But all I found was that picture. Can I see it again? So, this is your biological mother? Baby 's really pretty. I think you have her smile. Why don't you tell me about her? Hey, look, we're gon na have to talk about this later. I want my money, Philip. I want my money I said later. Where were we? I'm sorry. You obviously have work to do. I should have called first. Morgan, wait. I'd like you to stay. Brady divorced me, Sami. I didn't want our relationship to end. But you didn't do anything to save it, did you? You came home. You came home to cry on Philip's shoulder. Chloe. You know what? You're right about everything. My life is a train wreck, and I have no one to blame but myself. Well, what do you have to say? Come on, just now's your big chance. Let it rip. It Sighs Maybe I should leave town. I don't know. Maybe if I would have tried harder with Brady, I could have made it work. I talked to him last week. You did? How's he doing? He sounded good. I've tried to reach him, but he won't take my calls. I guess it really is over. And even though the divorce went through, there was a part of me that was hoping he would come back. I guess that's not gon na happen, though, is it? You know what? Uh, I just want him to be happy. That's all I really want. Sighs Uh, I should go. My cab is waiting for me. Oh, um. one more thing if you talk to Brady again, would you tell him I said hi? Yeah. And also, if I were you, I would try to work things out with Lucas, you're right. And you were right all along, that no matter what happens, our love is strong enough to make it through. Can you run that by me again? Our love is strong enough to get us through anything. No, no, the part where you said I was right. Laughs That's what I want to hear. I want to hear that part again. Write that down. All right. You don't have to count it. It's all there.  Just making sure. It's a pleasure doing business with you. If you don't want to talk about her, I completely understand.  It's strange, but this picture's all I have left. I was really young when they put me in the foster home, so I don't have many memories of my real Mom. Just kind of the ones I created. What do you mean?  Well, the two of us, and we'd play a little. You know, we'd have a little picnic. And then I'd ask her to push me on the merry-go-round. And she always said, " not after eating ,' cause you'll get sick. " And I was just like any other kid. I wouldn't take no for an answer, so I might have thrown a tantrum or two. And instead of getting upset, she'd, uh, take me for ice cream on the way home. And I guess it was kind of bribery I don't know but it seemed to do the trick. That's really sweet.  Yeah. See, the thing is, though, I've I've played that memory, like, over and over in my mind for so long now that I don't know if it's real or if I just want it to be. It doesn't matter, if it makes want to know the little things, you know, like what her favorite foods were, what her hobbies were, what kind of music she liked, if she had that adventurous streak that she passed down to me. I don't know. This picture's you know, it just shows what's on the outside. And you want to know what's on the inside.  Yeah. Maybe we can find her. I mean, people do this all the time.  No. I heard you when you came in, but I was really hoping that you would just stay upstairs. I just put the twins down. I can't believe you brought the rug rats home. They're supposed to be hanging at the pub with Caroline. I really don't think you should do this, John. It's gon na upset my Mom. She's going through a lot right now, trying to help Eric. I have like me. has basic needs. So, what do you think? Lose a few buttons, show a little chest hair? John, you're making a big mistake. " Big mistake "? I thought you ladies liked that. Sorry. I would like you to stay. That is, if you don't already have plans sorority stuff or a date maybe. Well, all the girls went home for the summer. And as far as a date, well, past few months, it's been a little bit of a guy drought. I find that hard to believe. Pretty southern belle like you? Okay, if we were at a bar and you came up to me and said that What, you wouldn't have even given me the time of day, would you? Probably not. You need to learn how to take a compliment. Oh, is that what that was? All will you at least accept a drink? Chuckles What? Okay, one drink between friends. You should think about it. I mean, maybe your mom is trying to find you, or maybe she wants you to find her.  Don't even go there. It could make things awkward with Grandma. I'm sorry bad idea.  Look, you can't tell anyone about this, okay? Not even Chelsea. I'm not. I'm just glad you finally opened up to me.  Mumbles Don't you feel so much better now that you have that off your chest? No more secrets, right?  No more secrets. I feel kind of weird about this. What? Well, I mean, I don't think your girlfriend would really approve of us having drinks together. My girlfriend? Yeah, that really pretty brunet I met the other day at the pub. my man, I wouldn't exactly approve of you having drinks with another woman. Hold on a second. I thought this was just between friends. It is. So what's the big deal? I guess it's not. And if you're up for it, maybe we can even try dinner sometime. Hmm. (Footsteps-approaching) John, have you seen Lucas? I didn't hear any alarms. He's got to be around here somewhere. Thanks. Lucas? Hey, Lucas, are you in the kitchen? Shh Easy. I want him out of sight. And the same goes for you, Tink. Belle's the one you used to call Tink. Okay. Cellphone vibrating Sniffles Damn. Great. Lucas, where are you? What the hell? Oh, my God. I don't get it. What does the Professor of the Physics Department have could form an alliance. Kind of like " I got your back if you got mine " type of deal. Does the fact that I'm married bother you? Well, that depends. Do you still love her? 
What's this?  You can read, can't you? " Safe house rules and regulations. "  Very good. " No excessive or loud talking. No standing next to windows. Snack time. " What is this, kindergarten?  It's witness protection 101. Just when I thought things couldn't get worse.  Miss Brady, you've been here less than 24 hours, and you've already driven one guard to quit. He didn't quit. He was reassigned.  Bottom line, you're not getting killed, not on my watch, unless, of course, I decide to do it myself. Hey, whoa. Settle down, okay?  No more shenanigans, Miss Brady. Consider yourself warned. (Bones-cracking) You have no proof that I'm lying because I'm not. We'll see about that. I can think of a thousand people who wanted Trent Robbins dead. Nicole. How dare you come in here and any further information, if I were you. Why? I don't have anything to hide. How about this? I remember when I was a girl, the first time I painted my fingernails. Although, actually, I didn't do it. My Mother did it. I just sat there, smiling, feeling sophisticated. Chuckles You're making progress about another half an hour. Could you pass my book? Manicure. Ah. So, how are you doing with your anti-nausea medication? Do you need more? No, I'm doing fine, just fine. I just, um I'm tired. Okay. Well, I probably should start my rounds, let you get some rest. Well, I'll be back. I'll be back later to check on you. Sighs Door closes Hey, Daniel, how is she? Well, your mom's resting. You might want to wait, I want to talk to you. I want some straight answers about my Mom. Hi. Oh, hey, big guy Yeah Laughs So, did you get a good nap, huh? Oh, yeah, he did. And this time, he actually wanted to come and help his daddy out. He got right into the car no arguments, nothing. Oh, thank you, Theo. That means a lot to me. You know that? Yeah. And thank you for coming back. Hey, we're family. We stick together.  Well, this is good timing. Perfect.  You are the Carvers, aren't you? Um, what gave it away?  Laughs So glad to meet you. I'm Mona Roy. I'm writing the " Day In The Life " feature on you for The Spectator. Well, thank you for pushing this interview back. Yeah, at his best.  No problem. I was actually running a bit behind schedule. Well, hello there. Aren't you cuter than two tiger cubs and a ball of twine? Pleased to meet you, Theo. I'm Mona Roy. Do you need me to remind you of what this is? My marriage certificate. To Trent Robbins. It was found among his personal effects. His lawyer gave it to his daughter, Melanie, after his will reading today. How come it's all torn up? Right. I don't suppose you have any idea, do you? Why would I ask? So, you deny that you wanted to destroy anything that proved you were married to Robbins. No. I mean, yes. Look, I didn't want people to know we were married. I didn't even know we were. Where exactly are you going with this, detective? Patience, years until Trent showed up in Salem. And you murdered him. Detective, unless you plan on formally charging my client When we want your input, Elvis, we'll let you know. So, what, that document doesn't prove anything. So, what, you're saying you're not responsible for the condition it's in? I haven't touched that thing since I signed it, which was, like, a hundred years ago. Then why does it have your fingerprints on it? I guess you two wore gloves, huh, when you signed your marriage certificate? You don't think the lab can tell recent prints from ancient ones? ( Door-opens, -closes ) Good book? Um, yea it is a good book. It was on my night table. Well, now you finally have time to read it. Yeah. Yeah, I guess there's an upside to chemo the truth, Daniel, you know, no goodwill doctor talk or platitudes. Okay, Lucas. What's your question? Well, what do you think her odds are of beating this? I mean, I've been looking online, I've been looking at websites, and it basically depends on how quick you guys get to it, right, how early you detect it and how aggressive it is. That's right, and how the patient responds to the treatment. And I'm sure everybody's different, and you probably don't know anything exactly yet, but, I mean, do you have an opinion? Can I get your educated guess? Lucas, I really I'm not gon na just throw out Listen to me. It's the five-year survival rate I'm really worried about. With the type of lung cancer that she has, what can we realistically expect? Statistic when you're talking about how someone it is, there's just no way to tell, all right? It's about the individual, and there's too many variables. I know. I understand that. But with the type of lung cancer she has, I mean, what are the odds? I mean, is it probable that there's a good diagnosis through that? It changes all the time new drugs, new treatment options. I know it changes. I know that. I'm not an idiot. All right, with the type of illness she has, the specific type of illness, I just want to know if it's gon na advance any. How bad is it? I just got through telling you. You didn't tell me anything. I asked you to tell me the truth, and you didn't say anything. Now, come on, wh just be honest with me, man. I think I deserve that. I think I have it? Is she gon na be cured? Honestly, Lucas, the odds aren't good.  Just follow the rules, Miss Brady, and we'll be fine. My God, is it too late to get Darrell back?  No such luck, baby cakes. Crunching Hey, uh, any chance you can keep that racket down?  No more talking. I'm gon na watch " Law &amp; Order SVU. " Oh, really, is that what they pay you the big bucks for, to watch " Law &amp; Order "? " Law &amp; Order SVU " theme song plays What is that smell?  That's bratwurst and sauerkraut. Unlike your " pal Darrell, " I like to cook. Count your lucky stars, little lady. Crunching Okay, I think that's about enough insinuation for one night, thank you. Insinuation? We're questioning a suspect. No, you're jumping how you connect those dots, I have no idea. I suggest you tell your attorney to back off. She will do no such thing. And if you continue to talk to my client like that, you better be prepared to pay the price.  Chuckles What a sweet boy. That was a lovely hug. Hey, Theo, where is the video game your mommy brought you? Oh, I have it here in my purse. Here you go, honey. Theo, come on. Let's go over here. You sit right here and play it for a few minutes, okay? All right, sweetheart? Okay, there you go.  So affectionate. You're surprised?  Actually, I did some research, gathered that most autistic children Oh, let me stop you right there. There really is no such thing as " most autistic children. " I know it's a clich, but every child strong-willed. She's been known to make a scene in public, not taking " no " for an answer, wanting what she wants. I spent so much time apologizing, but then I finally realized she is who she is. And her tenaciousness is a strength as well as a weakness. Exactly. And that's what we're hoping you'll convey in this article about our family, that autism is a part of who Theo is, but it doesn't define him. You know, we're very proud to be Theo's parents. Yeah. He's the light of our life.  Come on Pile-drive him What is this, a school dance? Get him Hey, you know, Darrell used to talk about how he had to patrol the perimeter. Is that something maybe you should be doing?  Body slam Hilda?  Sighs Television turns off I don't appreciate being told how to do my job Don't play games, Miss Brady. Games? What games?  I know you complained to Darrell about being left alone in here, that you didn't feel safe. I didn't mean it well  Well, you don't have to worry anymore, not with me. I will ensure that you are never left alone, not for a moment. Wow. That's wonderful news.  Was that sarcasm? No No, no. I'm thrilled that I won't ever have a moment alone, that you'll be watching my every move like a oversized hawk. I'm I'm overjoyed.  Good. Now, how about a big, juicy slab of bratwurst with some horseradish mustard? Uh, no. No, thanks. I-I you know, I was thinking I might take a shower now, if that's not against the house rules.  Of course not. You may shower to your heart door open. Sorry?  The door wide open. I want to be able to see you. Right. Of course. We just want some straight answers. She just gave you straight answers. She told you that she had nothing to do with the murder. Now, if you consider that to be being evasive Depends on who it's coming from. Well, that's brilliant. May I ask you, did they teach you that at the police academy, or is that the kind of cop wisdom that comes from years of experience? All right, just stop, okay? I will tell you everything. Nicole. No, look. I argued with Trent. I tore up the marriage certificate. But what does that prove? It proves nothing. So would you please get out of my house? Don't you mean Stefano's house? Hold on a second. You know what? Hmm certificate is just circumstantial, incriminating but hardly a smoking gun. True. But then there's this. All right, here are some books, research articles, papers. All right. Thank you. It should be a good start. Okay. Clears throat So, uh, you gon na share all this with my Mom? I already have. It's her body, her life. I'm not keeping anything from her. So she knows what she's up against. She wants to know. She's in excellent care, and she has a hell of a lot to live for. She has elected an aggressive treatment protocol. And now, it's gon na be tough, but it is her best chance to survive. Yeah. All right. Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes. Thanks for being up front with me. Feel free to call me anytime. I'm gon na go check it's not the most original thing to say right now, but your mom will get through this. Like Daniel said, she has so much to live for. I know. Door opens Um, can I go see her right now? Uh, yes, of course. I'll wait out here. Thanks. Knock on door Hey Welcome University Hospital Penthouse. Chuckles Give me a kiss. Sighs What are you doing, doing a little bit of reading? I am doing a little bit of reading. I gave myself a manicure. This is starting to seem like a mini vacation. I'm telling you. Do you like the color? It's me, all right? I mean, I remember. I was there when you fought your way back up from nothing. Okay, am I missing something here? You don't have to prove to me how strong you are. Don't use your energy to If anyone knows you can do it, it's me. Wow, you really come prepared.  Sleep is vital. Are those ear plugs?  Yes. And and an eye mask?  You disapprove? No. I guess I just would have thought that since your job is really focused on keeping someone's life safe that you, uh, would want to hear and see as much as possible.  I'm a very light sleeper, which is a blessing and a curse in this job. But don't worry. I'll make my bed on the sofa. You mean, right here? I-I'm sleeping right here.  I should warn you. I snore loudly, I'm told. All righty, time for bed. Time for it's 7:00.  Yeah, I tend towards insomnia. Best I retire early. Well, I'm a night owl.  Too bad. Your safe that?  Shh. Stutters No one's supposed to know I'm here. What if it's the killer? Would you like me to read this? This is preposterous. You and your little partner come in here and prattle on about these new pieces of evidence that you found, you know, these suspects you have lined up. Where, oh, where will it end? When we find the killer. Ooh. Well, speaking of finding the killer, who was the first person that you arrested? That was your own mother, wasn't it? Strange choice. Then there was your brother, Max. Then you arrested what was her name? Melanie. And now, obviously, you're looking at Nicole. If you'd like my opinion, this whole thing is just an excuse for the Salem Police Department to come and have a snoop around the DiMera house. You'd think the mayor's murder would be a outside the front door. No wonder the murder's been unsolved, huh ?' Cause you're too busy harassing everyone in Salem about a guy no one even misses. You don't need to worry about the department wasting its resources on this murder case. As it turns out, we're down to one suspect, and she ain't a DiMera. And after this, I don't think she'll have the opp Clears throat Okay, detective. This is getting a little absurd, don't you think? Why? You don't know the history. Hmm. She's tried to kill her former lovers before. Victor Kiriakis, Colin Murphy. Well, at least those are the ones we know about. Now she's moved on to another wealthy man. Isn't that a surprise. How dare you. You better watch your back there, Elvis. That is, if you want to live to tell the . Enough prattling on. In this statement, you say that you did not kill Robbins, that you're innocent. That's your story, and you're sticking to it. It's not my story. It's the truth. Right. This was found in the envelope, along with your marriage license. Here, in the words of your dead husband " if I happen to turn up dead or missing, you will know that my dear wife has finally acted on all her threats. " I want to set up a pilot program right here in Salem that I hope the state and federal government take notice of, encourage volunteerism, get seniors and students involved, service-oriented.  It takes a village. Laughing Yes. Exactly.  Mind if I switch gears for a moment and ask you a few questions, Dr. Carver? Uh. no, not at all.  Having kids myself, I can't help wonder. You future first lady of Salem. How do you do it all? Sighs Mona, sometimes I don't know if I can. What if it's him? What if it's the hit man?  I hardly think the killer would be ringing the doorbell. That doesn't exactly make me feel better.  Hide. What?  Hide. I'll take care of the security threat.  Trick or treat.  Clears throat  Raisins. You're serious?  Tell your friends that trick-or-treaters aren't welcome here. Hmm? Thank you. Door slams Halloween. I forgot about that.  All the better. It's a dreadful holiday. It's my twins' first time trick-or-treating.  Sighs I never let mine go trick-or-treating. Just licensed begging, if you ask me. You have kids?  Yeah. All growed up. Off the payroll, thanks be to God. Would you like to see pictures? Ingalil. And that's Roland. And the short one is Gunter. They were teenagers here. They look a lot like you.  Thank you. If I had to do it over again, I would have worked less. I would have spent some more time with my beautiful children. Um, I missed so much. I was stationed in Zurich on a security assignment when Roland took his first steps. And Ingalil, she was quite the speller, but could I have made it to any of her bees? No, I was too busy earning a living. And that's because their father was too busy chasing women. But, uh the ones with the big bazooms, mind you. The note doesn't prove anything. It does indicate that she threatened the victim. Yeah, me and everyone else in this town. All right, Nicole. Did you or did you not confront Trent Robbins in the cemetery the night he was Nicole, I think you've already said enough. You've got to be joking. This is a search warrant. Now we have probable cause, so what do you say? We'll take a look around the premises. Oh, hey. Hey, how'd it go? It went fine, considering I have a favor to ask you. Anything. Well, I was just kind of wondering, you know, maybe if you could just go in there and talk to my Mom, you know, as someone who's been through a similar circumstance. Maybe you could just give her a pep talk or something. Me? You don't have to if you don't want to. No, it's not that. It's just your mother's not exactly my biggest fan. I wouldn't want to ruin her day or anything. I don't think it could get much worse, do you and get her some magazines, all right? I'll be back. Lucas. Yeah. Are you sure you want me to do this? Yeah, I am. I mean, like I said, you've been there, right? I think it would help her a lot. Thank you. (Door-opens) Hi. Door closes Hi. I thought I'd see how you're doing. I know you were feeling great before the chemo started but now probably not so much, huh? Just give it a few days. You get Look, I know that you feel like you have to do this for Lucas. No, I don't. But why don't you do us both a favor and get out?  Then one day, you turn around and, boom, they're all grown up. Well, Roland is only 4' 10 ", but don't let that fool you. He you know. And such a heart of gold. But, of course, if his father had given him the time of day, well. but, no, he was too busy chasing women and bowling. The guy has his own ball, shoes, the whole nine yards. But he sucked, if you can believe that. Laughs Gutter balls. Damn fool. You know, a guy has his own ball, you think maybe he might be able to bowl a few spares, at least. Chuckles Thinking Come on, she's got to have an extra set of ear plugs in here somewhere. Wait a minute. What's that? Sleeping pills? Even better. Get your greasy hands off my dress. You know, that cost more than you make in a year. Scoffs Can you make them go away, please? We have to comply with the warrant. However, if there's nothing for them to find, they'll be on out we will be on our merry way. And you'll be coming with us down to the station. There actually was a time when I thought I could do everything. Now I know better. Career, home, family something always suffers.  That's true for most of us. Even with typical children. And because you are so busy, I am especially grateful you agreed to do the interview. And I'm grateful you didn't ask to do it at our house because right now, it's a complete wreck.  So is mine. I wouldn't have even noticed. Oh, hey, you know? Goodness, it's just all so overwhelming sometimes. Most times, actually.  I think most women feel that way. Most men, too. Definitely.  Off the record. I think it's really important for Salem to have a mayor who understands what the average family goes through. Well, that Abe and I struggled with conceiving early on, so having Theo is our dream come true.  Such a sweetheart. Yes, he is. I read this article awhile back titled " Welcome to Holland. " And the gist of it was, having a baby, you are so full of dreams and plans. And the reality is never exactly what you expect. You know, we've had Theo's future mapped out since he was 2 college savings plan, t-ball, music lessons. Yeah. Anyway, um, getting back to this article, the analogy while once we had this beautiful trip planned for Italy, we were diverted to Holland, a wonderful and glorious place in its own right, just not what Abe and I thought we signed on for.   High score Whoa On your video game?   High score There you go, my man Yeah Laughs  But for me, it's all have my model train hobby, and that keeps me sane. A proud member of the NMRA, National Model Railroad Association. My friends, they give me a hard time. They say, " hey, Hilda, what's up with the toy trains? I thought you were a grown woman. " And I have to remind them that, well, Frank Sinatra himself was a model railroader, not to mention Walt Disney and Merle Haggard. Hey, uh, here you go.  Oh, what's that? Tea.  Oh, I-I can't touch caffeine. I drink that, I'll be wide Oh, it's actually sleepy tea. It's special. You know, it's supposed to help soothe and calm you down. I thought you'd like it.  Oh, well, in that case. mmm, that's a-b-c-delicious. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, and I didn't make it too hot, so you I think I will then. Chuckles Do you want more?  More? Uh, sure, if it's not too much, uh. you know, I, uh. I'm not feeling all that ooh Whoa, whoa. Oh. Maybe you should sit down. Come on, let's let's get you sitting.  I feel s-sleepy. That's that's not like me. I. maybe I should, uh, call that doctor back. Because if I c can't stay awake to watch over you, I think I'd have a hard time. do wouldn't know what would happen if I If being angry with me is helpful to you in some sort of way or gives you something to focus on, then go for it by all means. Don't you dare condescend to me. Look, Lucas as d me to come in here, and I was happy to do how much you mean to him. I'm sorry. That was rude of me. Don't apologize. I understand. My kids mean everything to me, Chloe. I probably care more about them than I do about myself. And I think this illness is going to be the hardest on Lucas, so, um, I'm thinking maybe we should call a temporary truce. I'm glad. That's not an embrace, by any means, because I still don't like you. I still haven't forgiven you for breaking Philip's heart. That's fine. It's okay. I understand. This isn't about me. It's about you getting better. That's all I want. Thank you. And if you want to try to break up me and Lucas, well, that would be good motivation to get well, right? Exhales deeply Chloe, you all right? Pretty. My . Observant. No. Lucky. What? Me, for finding the dress with the missing bead since the matching one was found by CSI in the cemetery. You son of a bitch. Give me that marriage certificate.   No. What do you want from me?   What do you think? My money? If you have it your way, I won't have any.   Oh, I will have it my way. Let me out of this marriage made in hell right now. I swear to you, I will find a way, damn it. I will kill you   You win, Nicole. It's all yours. Okay, fine. I argued with Trent. And, yes, I even threatened the bastard, but I didn't kill him. You believe me, don't you?  Oh, no, Theo. You are stomping me Laughs Our little boy Lexie and I don't even bother anymore. Mnh-mnh.  That's it for me, but thanks, Theo. It was fun. Humiliating, but fun. Laughter Theo, give mommy the video game, all right? We're gon na head home now.  Actually, before you leave, can I ask Theo a few questions? Um, you know, I'm not sure he'll answer them. Okay. Okay. You can try. Yeah, it's fine, fine with me. I mean, you seem to have a rapport with him, uh, our little computer wizard over there.  I'll be quick. I promise. All right. Theo, give mommy the video game. I'll take it, honey. Thank you, sweetheart.  So, Theo, what's your favorite food? Uh, sweetheart, sweetheart, Miss Roy asked you a question. Wh honey, honey. No think that's what's upsetting him.  I'm so sorry. I had no idea. No, no, of course you didn't. Honey, it's okay. It's okay. No more questions. Mommy and daddy are going to take you home, all right? Sweetheart, please. I need you to stop, okay? Okay? No. I'm sorry.  No. Um, we'll be in touch. Thank you both so much. It's going to be a terrific article. I know. Thank you. Thank you. Sorry. Theo. Theo. Come here. Come over here and sit down. No, I'm fine. You look like you're about ready to pass out. No. I'm okay. Did something happen? It was just seeing Kate in there, watching the chemo drugs dripping and the smells and sounds. It kind of zapped me back Leukemia. I was very ill a few years ago. My baby sister saved me. Bone marrow transplant. I had no idea you were a cancer survivor. Yeah. But I'm fine now. Great, actually. But I still take anti-rejection drugs. I still feel like I'm on borrowed time. Um, you know, it was very generous of you to open up to Kate like that. I did it for Lucas. Well, he's blessed to have you. Hey. How'd it go? Uh, fine. I'll tell you about it on the way home. Okay, good. We got to get home. We got to take Allie trick-or-treating. Oh, yeah. I almost forgot. My little girl's first Halloween. Ah. Well, that's awesome. We'll take pictures for my Mom, too, all right? You got it. Well and we're out of here. You know, could you come back in the morning? She could use her rest right now. All right, that's fine. Just give her these for me, okay? Yeah, no problem. All right. Good deal. You ready? Yeah. Thanks for the talk. Sure. Take care. Hey. Ah. Oh no. From Lucas. He remembered. So, are you done yet? Almost. So, uh. Tomorrow. I only followed Trent to the cemetery because I realized I shouldn't have torn up the marriage certificate the day before and left him to pick up all the pieces. Nicole, Nicole, how many times do I need to say this? Don't say anything. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Ni What happens now? You've been through this before. What, did you forget? She's pregnant, detective. Yeah. Sadly, it looks like that baby will be born in prison. Let's go. Come on.  I, uh. I have to stay awake. No, you don't.  I-I-I can't fall a Laughs Yes Peace. Free at last. I just wish Melanie would get the hell out of Salem. And if she doesn't, I don't see how me and Max can work things out. It's kind of nice having someone look after me.  Is that what big brothers are for? Wake up. What am I gon na do? Hilda (Door-rattles) Hilda 
Trick or treat. Stephanie. If you want some candy, you'll need a better costume than that. Chuckles I am dressed as a girl whose boyfriend just dumped her. Doesn't get any scarier than that. Sounds like you need a friend. That's why I'm here. I hope you don't mind. It's no problem. I'm glad to have the company. Have a seat. So, uh, things with you and Max they aren't any better? No. He's still upset that I betrayed him. What if I've lost him forever? Then he'd be a fool for letting you go. Happy Halloween, big bro.  You too. Ooh, I love these. They give you such a sugar rush.  Well, those are for the trick-or-treaters. Okay, don't be such a candy cop. Speaking of tricks, your brother and his wife tried to set me up today.  What of the will, when you left, Greg gave me a note that my Dad left me. And Bo and Hope knew about it, and they were trying to see if I would bring it to the police.  I'm guessing you didn't. Well, I was going to.  Mm-hmm. Anyways, whatever was on that letter cleared me, because I'm no longer the prime suspect.  Good for you. Wait. Please. I was just wondering if. you ever got the box that Dad left. I mean, Bo took it from Greg when you ran out of the room.  Well, Bo can keep it. Well, you don't know what's inside of it.  I don't care I don't want to know what's inside it. In fact, I want to forget at I ever met Trent and the past few months never even happened. Are you saying you want to forget you I have to tell you? I didn't kill Trent Robbins, all right? You're arresting the wrong person. Did you miss the part about " anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law "? You can take your Miranda Rights and shove them That's enough. Stop. You're in enough trouble as it is without insulting a police officer. You think I don't watch " Law &amp; Order "? You're trying to scare me into a confession. Fine. I confess. I never did like either one of you. In fact, I think you're a couple of clowns. I strongly suggest you keep your mouth shut without your attorney present. Hey, where is Elvis, anyway? I thought he was on our heels. I thought he was, too. Maybe he wised up, decided you're more trouble than you're worth.  Snoring loudly Ugh was possible, but Hilda is just as annoying asleep as she is awake. I almost regret giving her the sleeping pills.  Snoring continues Is the remote under all right, let's see if we ca Grunting  Snoring continues Oh, God. All right, let's see if a scary movie will drown out the sound. Doorbell rings More trick-or-treaters. I guess you didn't scare them all away, huh? Well, I don't want to get egged. Then there'll have to be major bloodshed. What have we got? Sighs He's not picking up. Maybe you should hire yourself a different lawyer. Maybe you should stop being such a wise-ass. E.J. would not abandon me. He wouldn't do it to the mother of his unborn child. In fact, he's probably arranging for my release right now. I doubt even a DiMera can pull enough strings to get you out of this mess. than a wine cooler. How is it weak? Trent screwing up your divorce settlement with Victor, costing you millions of dollars, gives you clear motive. We can also place you at the scene of the crime with that missing bead from the dress we found in your closet. Not to mention the care package that Robbins left for us, which included the torn-up marriage certificate, along with a handwritten note implicating you in the case of his death. If you two weren't a couple of amateurs, you might have noticed that maybe the man was trying to frame me. You've got no credibility. You've done nothing but lie to us, so you might as well get used to the fact that you're gon na be cooling your spiked heels in prison for a very long time. That's where you and frowny face are wrong. E.J. would never allow the mother of his child to be locked away with dangerous criminals. Yeah, . Raisins. Perfect. Doorknob rattling Oh, my God. Hilda. Hilda, wake up Wake up, Hilda There's someone there's someone out there. You have to wake up Hilda, seriously. There's someone out there. You have to protect us. Hilda Rattling continues Oh, my God. What am I gon na do? Hilda Hilda I know it sounds cheesy, but. I feel like my heart is actually breaking. It physically hurts sometimes. It's not cheesy at all. I wake up in the middle of the night just crying, and then I can't go back to sleep because my mind is on Max, picturing us when we were happy together. Crying. Going over and over the breakup, what he said, what I said. Have you guys talked since I saw you at the pub? No, and now I'm kicking myself for it. I liar in front of Bo and Hope. I thought he'd apologize, but he didn't. I mean, he probably just couldn't find the words. I'm sure he's as torn up about this as you are. I was so stupid. I just let my anger get the best of me. I mean, I should have stayed and talked things over. I could have ruined things for good. You can still talk to him. Maybe he doesn't want to get back together. He hasn't called or e-mailed. Well, there's only one way to find out. I know, and normally I don't mind confronting situations head-on. It's just. this time I'm scared. Why? In a word. Melanie. You think she's that big of an issue? Yes. Max barely knows her. And whenever he has to choose a side, he always chooses hers. She always, I know that would never change. But you still want to get back together, right? I love him. I know that. I just wish Melanie would get the hell out of Salem. And if she doesn't, I don't see how me and Max can work things out. I think you're giving her way too much credit. What's going on with you and Max isn't entirely her fault. I can't believe you just said that. Are you are you defending her? You really hate me that much?  I don't hate you. I never could. Despite everything that's happened, I'm glad I found you. But you've put me through hell, all right? Things are complicated, all right? I just need a little space to myself right now. You blame me for your breakup with Stephanie, don't you?  Well, you would have saved everyone a lot . Yeah, well, that fight with my Dad freaked me out, okay? I didn't know who to trust.  I know you've been through a lot, but that doesn't excuse your lies and your manipulations. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry.  That's fine. What, are you moving back in? Laughs Yeah, right. I could never be allowed back here.  I'm sure Ma wouldn't mind. Mrs. Brady's cool, but the idea of running into all your Brady family members is.  So, what are you gon na do? I don't know. Get a job and save up to buy a place of my own.  Oh. Okay, good. Good. That'll take a while, won't it? Dear old Dad didn't just leave you any money. Oh, but, Max, it all went to such a good cause football.  Right, right. And after death, I mean, it just screws everything up and put us through hell. Yeah, well, maybe it'll never end.  You did get the brunt of it. Nah, I'll be fine. I'm still here. And I'm gon na find a place to live. You have one already. You can stay with me. We'll be watching. I'm sure. What is going on? What took you so long? I just got off the telephone with the district attorney's office. And? And considering your priors, things do not look very positive. I don't have any priors. I've never been convicted of anything. No. But it seems to be common knowledge that you shot Colin Murphy, your ex-lover, on your wedding day to Victor. And they have all of these pesky rumors floating around that you tried against me. Besides, Victor and Colin are very much alive and well. No harm, no foul. You may think that, but the district attorney thinks that you have a rather, uh, " disturbing " history when it comes to the men in your life. What about you? Can't you vouch for me? We're involved. kind of. I haven't tried to hurt you. No. Not yet. How generous of you, Nick.  I don't think that's a good idea. Oh, really, Max? Why not?  Well, because I don't think it's appropriate. Oh, would you stop? She'd be moving in as friends. It's not like I have my old place where it'd be, like, just the two of us. I moved into Aunt Maggie and Uncle Mickey's. Well, that sounds like a full house. No, no, and you will love getting to know Aunt Maggie and Uncle Mickey. They are very cool people. Isn't that right, Max?  Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Max can vouch for them. Plus, there's there's leftovers from Chez Rouge laying around. How can you pass that up? That does sound tempting. Come on. What do you say? Move in with me. Yeah, thanks. Have a great night. What did the D.A. say? Pending Nicole's arraignment, all the charges against Ma are gon na be dropped. Sighs That's fantastic. That's great news. Yeah, you know what? I'm gon na head over to the pub and tell Ma the news in person. Go. I'll keep my eye on things here. Yeah, well, good luck. When Nicole gets desperate, she also gets a little dramatic. See ya. Give your so insane. Nicole, the police have very strong evidence against you, so bear with me if I'm having a hard time taking this all in. You're having a hard time with this? Please. Why don't you just start at the beginning and tell me everything that happened between you and Trent that night? I already went through this with Bo and Hope. Weren't you listening? Well, I would like to hear the unfiltered version, please. Like I said, the day before he was killed, Trent and I met at the Brady Pub. He demanded money. We had an argument. He had our marriage certificate, which I had torn into pieces. The next night, I followed him to the cemetery. We argued again, and then I left, and when I left, he was still alive. Okay. So, why didn't you tell me this before? There was nothing to tell believe me, do you? Sighs You think I killed him. You think I killed Trent. Damn it. Hilda, where did you leave your gun? God, wake up You have to protect us  Snoring Door opens Come out slowly. Hands in the air. That little brat. She has you fooled, too. No, that is not true. I just I know how she operates. Are you forgetting I turned her in to Bo? I guess I did let that slip my mind for a moment. Yeah. How about a drink? Brandy, please. I just meant. when it comes to you and Max, yeah, Melanie's definitely a schemer, but you can't blame everything on her. Almost everything. Come on. That's a little out of whack, don't you think? You're doing it again, Philip. You're defending her. Harmless? Yeah. as in all bark, no bite. Behind that bark is a bitch with major bite. She has no conscience, no morals. What are you saying? You don't really think she killed her father, do you? I think Melanie is a lot craftier than we all realize, and I think she's capable of anything. Do you think I could talk to my brother before I make a decision? Uh. yeah. Sure.  As long as it's platonic, okay? I know you guys have been hanging out a lot together, and I just don't want you rushing into anything. It's not like we're gon na have, like, hot, sweaty sex at his aunt's house.  Come on Please I don't want to hear that. Grossed you out, didn't I?  Yeah, kind of. All right. Well, thank after me like you do.  Is that what big brothers are for? Hey, Nick. Hey, I'm glad you guys are here. Oh, why so you can trick me some more? You know what? This time, Max could be a part of the game. Wouldn't that be fun, Max? Hey, I got some news for you.  What's up? I may have arrested your father's killer. That's it. You think I murdered Trent. It doesn't really matter what I think, Nicole. My job is to keep you out of jail. It doesn't matter? I'm the mother of your child. If you don't trust me, what the hell do we have? Why should I trust you, hmm? Why should I trust you? You don't trust me, do you? If you did, you would have told me that Trent Look, I thought I could handle it myself. Oh, well, job well done Now look what you got yourself into. You and my unborn child could go to jail. This is not my fault This is a terrible mistake, E.J. I am innocent. Really? Well, if that's the case, why didn't you tell me about this confrontation with Trent and we could have been prepared? I didn't know it would come to this. My God, I feel bad enough as it is without you acting like I brought this on myself. Well, you should have thought ahead Do you understand? You're carrying my child, Nicole, all right? This is no longer about you. Every single decision that you make affects the three of us. Stand up. Now Okay. Okay. Sorry. Uh, please don't kill me. Please. I don't want to die, right? I recognize you from your picture. Who are you? Agent Rafe Fernandez. FBI. Oh, my God Oh, my God. I'm so glad. I thought you were another gunman or something. Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry about that. I thought the place had been compromised. I was bringing over some mug shots for you to look at, and Hilda didn't answer her phone when I got here. What's wrong with her? She fell asleep watching TV. Oh.  Snoring It's on vibrate. It's not protocol.  Snoring continues Oh, that's my fault. I switched it that way because, um, well, she was telling me that she's an insomniac, and I thought she needed her beauty sleep. Huh. Hilda. Hilda  Snoring continues She's out cold. She's been drugged. Really? You think? What eat or drink anything? She did drink. She had a nightcap. She actually had a couple of them. Maybe it's the alcohol, you know? She doesn't smell like alcohol. Huh. Is this hers? Maybe. Maybe. Huh. Residue on the bottom. Wow. You have a lot of explaining to do. More trick-or-treaters? We had a batman, a princess, and that dude from " scream " you know, the one with the knife. Sure it wasn't Melanie? Come on, Steph. There's a big difference between a troublemaker and a cold-blooded killer. Troublemaker? You almost make it sound endearing. I think when it comes down to it, she's just a spoiled young woman acting out. You're totally into her, aren't you? What? That wasn't a compliment. I can hear it in your voice. I interested in Melanie, then why are you wasting so much time talking about her? You brought her up. I was talking about how she destroyed my relationship with Max. I won't completely hate you if you're infatuated with Miss Poison Ivy. Just admit it. You know what? You're right. I am interested an her. What's going on? The police just arrested somebody for my Father's murder. That's that's great.  Who who is it? Nicole Walker.  Nicole killed my Father? Well, based on the evidence, we have a strong case against her, enough to get the charges against Ma dropped.  That's unbelievable. I'm happy for Ma. Yeah, me too. I'm gon na go up and tell her. No hard feelings, right? What, are you trying to save your butt? No. That's Save file a harassment suit against you and Hope and the entire Salem P.D ., so Happy Halloween, detective. I'm sorry, E.J. I-I wasn't using my head. I will definitely consider all three of us in the future. Future. Right. Don't say it like that. I will not be found guilty. I don't care what Bo and Hope say. I am innocent. Cellphone ringing It's my office. Excuse me. Yeah. How much longer do I have to stay in here? Oh, as soon as you're finished with your attorney, we'll take you to get booked. Then it's off to a nice, cozy cell until your arraignment. You can't be serious. I'm pregnant. Yes, I know. You only mention it every three minutes. Please. Hope, from one mother to another, can't you help me? There must be some kind . Honestly, Nicole. You're not about to do anything. You're a very long way from delivering. And, no, there is no maternity wing. This is barbaric. I can not live in a little, tiny cell. I'm in a delicate condition. Well, maybe you should have thought of that before killing a man in cold blood. You drugged her, didn't you? Well, I may have put some sleeping pills in her tea. May have? She was driving me crazy. Okay, seriously, she was mean and she was rude and she wouldn't stop talking. I mean, she would not shut up. And she was invading my personal space. Are you stupid? Hey. You are in the witness protection program, not a damn sorority. Now, Hilda's job is to keep you safe, not to be your best friend. So, not only did you at risk. Look, I think you're blowing this out of proportion, okay? It was just a harmless prank. Harmless? If I'd have been the killer, you'd be dead right now. Hey, you know, would you stop lecturing me? I am the victim here. Yeah, well, Hilda may disagree with that.  Snoring I got the feeling by the time she's done with you, you're gon na wish that I had been the killer. Hey.  Rafe. Who what are you doing here? What happened? Uh, that tea really knocked me out. I think I was dru you How can you be so heartless? I didn't take a man's life, Nicole. You did. You can not put me in a cell with hardened criminals. What about my baby's safety? Yeah, that's completely unacceptable. One second. I'm not going to jail. She needs be somewhere comfortable and stress-free with her feet up, not on a work detail. Work detail? She'll be fine. She can sit and lie down as much as she wants. Not much else you can do in an 8x8 cell. And what about the other prisoners? I have a feeling you can defend yourself. I'll do whatever I can to make sure that no harm comes to you or the baby. Let me know when you're done in here. Hey, just excuse me for a second. Hope, a word, please. What is it, E.J.? Any update, news on Samantha? I don't know. Are you any closer to catching the mayor's killer? I'm sorry, but I can't comment on that case. Could you excuse me? Sighs Look, Nicole. Shut it. I don't want to Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm not letting you off that easily. I am in here fighting for not only myself but for the life of our baby, and you're more concerned about Sami. Damn it, E.J ., do you even care about me and my child?  You're making a mistake here, Mel. No, it was your brother and his wife that made a mistake. We were just doing our jobs. Ever since my Father was murdered, you've been treating me like dirt. I mean, never mind the fact that maybe perhaps I was mourning my Father's death. You've just been trying to make me pay for a crime that I did not commit. You should calm down. We had plenty of reason to suspect you, especially after you started sneaking around, planting evince on innocent people. And if my case against Nicole wasn't so strong, I'd definitely be . Open your eyes, Max. Your little sister here has a mean streak. And if it wasn't for her lies and manipulations, you'd still be with Stephanie. I take it back. I do hate you for being interested in Melanie. I only meant that I find her interesting. She's abrasive, manipulative. But I think she's just a young woman acting out of fear. And that's exactly how she wants you to feel. Don't you trust my judgment? Look, in my business dealings, I run across a ton of ruthless people who really would kill their father to score a deal. I know how to read people's character. And while Melanie is complicated, I think she's just a young woman hiding her insecurities. Then you really are deluded, just like Max. Come on. No, you come on. I haven't exactly lived a sheltered life either, Philip. I of fear. Cellphone ringing Excuse me. It's my Father. Hey, Dad. What? Really? Sighs Wow. Well, that's good for Caroline, right? Oh, okay. Yeah, I'll talk to you later. What's going on? You have news about my grandmother? Yeah, my Father just got off the phone with the D.A .' s office. They're dropping the charges against her. That's great What made them do that? They arrested someone else. Who? Wait. It was Melanie, wasn't it? Mnh-mnh. No. In fact, it appears as if she's innocent. They arrested Nicole Walker for Trent's murder. Look, I know that you're scared, but I would appreciate it if you don't take it out on me. Too damn bad. I was asking about Samantha. You're putting her ahead of me and my Would you stop acting like a jealous bloody child, please? Do not condescend me. Then grow up, all right? I've had just about enough of you. I am very concerned about you. I am also worried about Samantha, and I'm not gon na apologize for that. Are we clear? I am the one who needs help right now. Sami has a whole team of highly trained professionals looking after her bratty ass Do you know why she does? Because she was almost shot dead right in front of me. I watched the red light hit her head, all right? And for a second, I thought I was gon na lose Johnny's mother. So don't flip out every time I mention her name, all right? She is a part of my life, and if you don't like that, then you and I have nothing in common except that child. Are we clear?  Well, I-I just was trying to be helpful. I thought you needed your sleep.  So you put sleeping pills in my tea? Is that what you did? Yeah.  What's wrong with you? Did you want to get yourself killed? No, I wanted some peace and quiet.  I have protected some of the most notorious underhanded snitches, but you, powder puff, are the world champ, and I think you need to be taught a lesson. Help. I'm sorry I'm sorry.  Yeah, well, " sorry " isn't enough, you bleached-blond bimbo. Hey, I happen to actually naturally you don't care.  You know what? You're not worth it. I quit I'm done Hilda. Hilda, hey, hey. Listen, listen. I know that she's a pain, okay, but she needs your help here.  I don't care if my life. I'm not staying another minute with this sneaky little spoiled brat. Exhales sharply You should have got on your knees and begged her to stay. Are you kidding? Good riddance. Seriously, now maybe they'll hire a professional. She was so annoying You drugged her tea Well, I had to. She was driving me crazy. Seriously, if I had listened to her talk any more, my head was going to. explode. Like mine's doing now. Come on. That guy Darrell, the vegan nutjob, and then they give me Hilda, babbling psychopath. And and then all I'm asking for is a professional you know, someone who can really just do their job. You think they're gon na send you a professional after the way you treated those two? You, Samantha Brady? You're lucky if they send you a Rottweiler next time. You know me " Sami. " So, uh, what do we do now? Well. Sami. I guess we're just gon na have to call Commander Brady and tell him what happened. Is that really necessary? What's the matter you don't want your dad to know that an agent quit because you drugged her tea? Well, yeah, I was sort of hoping he wouldn't have to find out. You're just daddy's little girl, aren't you? No, hardly. I just don't want him to get upset. All right. Fine. I won't call Commander Brady and tell him what happened, but I do have to call command, actually, and report that Hilda resigned. Thank you. My pleasure. I got to warn you, though. When I call my superiors, they're probably gon na send someone outside the Salem P.D. talent pool. They're gon na be see right through your little games. As long as he's a professional, I don't care. Somehow, I doubt that. You could be a little more sympathetic. I came face-to-face with a hit man, okay, in case you hadn't heard. Why do I get the feeling it was an even match? I am in the witness protection program. I don't get to see my family, and I have been taken away from my children. With all due respect, I feel less sorry for you than I do the poor schmo who has to babysit you. Could you turn that down? Oh. Yes, sir. I understand. But I can't help it if Hilda walked out. Considering everything that she'd been put through, I don't blame her in the least. Chuckles What? You can't be serious. But, sir yes, sir. Hilda's replacement? Chuckles You might say that. I'm the replacement. Woman screams on television Are you sure your dad got his facts right? He heard it directly from the D.A .' s office. Nicole Walker? She's the killer. It's hard to believe, huh? I was so sure it was Melanie. Are you sure this is okay? Would you stop asking that? Okay, you're right. I'll just be grateful. And I'll be the perfect houseguest. I'm just glad we're gon na be able to spend some time together, you know? I'm gon na go tell my brother we're leaving. Okay. Hey, Max. Me and Nick are gon na take off.  Cool. I'm sorry about I'm sorry about everything with Stephanie. If there's anything I can do to fix it, you just don't think it can be fixed. Look, uh, I'm gon na go say " what's up? " To Ma, see how she's doing. Yeah, give her my best.  Sure. Clears throat Hey. Thanks for looking after my sister. No problem. Ready to go? Uh, yeah. Yeah. I just I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around Nicole Walker killing my Dad. Yeah. Me too. You can't really mean that, E.J. We talked about having it all together the white picket fence, remember? This baby is supposed to be the beginning of a new life for us. Don't you understand? I still want that. That's the whole point. All right? But this is not going to happen unless you accept that Samantha is going to be a part of my life, Nicole, because I am not gon na play slave to your me good reason to be insecure? All right, fine. Enough of this, okay? If you want to go ahead and sabotage your own life, you go and do that, but let me tell you something my son or my daughter is not going to be born in prison, all right? Now, whatever happens to you after that, the courts can decide. E.J ., you can't leave me in here. E.J ., wait I I didn't kill Trent. I swear. I didn't. It was someone else. Crying It was someone else. Hmm? Oh, shoot. I forgot my purse. Okay. Well, I'll go get car. Okay. Thanks. You are a lucky little girl. Did you do it? Did you kill Trent? Who the hell do you think you are, Chelsea? Have you lost your mind? Get out kids, Chelsea. me. 
Oh, you answered your phone. I'm shocked. I'm sorry. Who's this? It's Philip Kiriakis. You didn't get any of the messages I left? No, I haven't checked. Listen, what can I do for you? Well, Tony, we need to talk. Well, Philip, I'm very busy right now. I won't take up much of your time. I promise. Why don't I just swing by the place right now, and we can Well, you can swing by my place, but I'm not gon na be here. Okay, where will you be? I'll meet you anyplace you want. God, you're a com persistent cuss, aren't you? Um, all right, listen. I'm gon na be on East Calumet in about an hour. The pier's on the way. That works for me. All right, 30 minutes I don't know what's gon na be gained by this talking or complaining or whatever it is you have in mind, because what's done is done. We'll see about that. Brady, hey. Daniel, hey. What's up, man? I'm looking for Kate. Have you seen her? Uh, she's gone. She flew to Vegas for Chloe and Lucas' wedding. Kate went with them? Well, I'm sitting next to you, apparently. Hi, Mom. 26A. I, uh, thought you were in first class. No, it was full, unfortunately. Oh, so you have to slum it in coach with us. Yeah. I'll survive. I guess now I have to be good, right? I'll have to keep my hands off you. Yeah, you'd better. I don't know about that Thinking Such a happy, happy girl, worshipped and adored by her clueless husband. Better enjoy it while you can, my sweet, because lying sluts who betray my son well, I'm afraid your rosy future is about to turn very, very bleak. We'll all tell you the same thing because it's part of our training, right out of the manual don't take things personally. And it's Chuckles it's really good advice, believe me. But, um, I have not been able to follow that advice. I have taken things personally my whole career. I I don't know. I just can't help it. It's part of who I am. Seems like it worked out fairly well so far. Chuckles A lot of the times not so much, but in the long run, yeah. And what's it like being your big brother's boss? Oh, forget about his brother Chuckles Stop it. What? It tickles. What tickles? What am I doing? Just read your magazine, okay? Oh, come on. What, I can't nuzzle you? This is a non-nuzzling flight? I didn't read that when I came in.   Ladies and gentlemen, flight attendants will now be coming through the aisle with headsets to purchase. There will be a $2 charge. Lucas, if you don't stop it What? I am a newlywed. Cut me some slack, damn it. The flight attendants are staring at us. What am I gon na have to do, move my seat? Flight-Attendant Ma'am Die, you bitch Die Die Die Mom, what the hell are you doing? My God Flight-Attendant Ma'am? Oh, sorry. Flight-Attendant Would you like to purchase a headset? No, I'll pass., I don't know how she found out that Chloe and Lucas were eloping, but apparently she wanted to go with them. I'm sure they're thrilled about it, right? I guess she just wanted to be around them and wish them well. Yeah, well, I, uh I hope that's the case. Wait, um, you and Kate aren't still. No, no. Did we get together? No. No, we I just I'm trying to well, I want to talk to her about something. That's all. Is everything all right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why? Well, it's just' cause last time we talked when we were jogging, you said you had a new woman in your life. Yeah, yeah. Well, uh, I'm not with anyone now, so. yeah, how about you? Me? No Not even dating. It's like those magazines say. Bachelorhood is everything it's cracked up to be and less. Yeah, right. So, this new woman in your life You know, I said I wasn't with her, didn't I? It didn't work out, obviously. Yeah, obviously I overstepped a boundary. I'm sorry, man. No, it's my bad. I'm sorry. I just I didn't mean to snap. It's just been a Sighs I keep expecting it to get easier, but it doesn't. Still not over her, then, huh? Well, I have to be because she is over me. Then I was thinking we could build the guesthouse here. Oh, our pink guesthouse? Huh? I'm kidding. No pink. Except for the master bedroom. A pink master. Yeah. And the nursery na be a girl. Look at you. You got this all planned out, don't you? Yeah. Well, you know Allie wants a sister. And since we're gon na have at least a dozen kids, don't worry. You'll get your boy. Oh, that is it That is it I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore Shut up. Mom, what the hell? The two of you are giggling like two little fools, and you're yammering on and on about your dream house and making babies. It's making me sick. Sick Kate, what's wrong? As if you don't know. Why don't you just tell him the truth, you lying little pig? Mom, stop. Enough. How can you be so trusting? Lucas, she has been cheating on you with Daniel behind your back She's been making a What? That's not true. Tell him the truth, all right? You have been carrying on with Daniel for months. And don't you dare try to deny it. Chloe, please, tell me that you didn't. Oh, my God. You did. You did. Why? Why? Because Oh, God. Come on, tell the truth. For once in your miserable life, just tell the truth. Because I'm in love with him. Lucas, please, don't go. No, please, Lu It's over, baby. It's over. The charade is over. Kate, how could you do it? Why would you tell him that? Why would I tell him? Because I love my son, that's why And I am not going to let a lying little slut like you destroy his life. A tennis court? Are you serious . And you love to play tennis. Yeah, but I suck. So? You take lessons. You'll get better. Okay, okay. But where's the pool going? Honey, the pool's gon na go right there. I've already showed you. Sighs Maybe the honest-to-God truth is the only way to go. (Footsteps-approaching) Well. right on time. I didn't know I was on the clock. So, what's on your mind? How'd the christening go? It went very well, thank you. Get to the point. I'm guessing you're the baby's Godfather since you're E.J .'s brother. I'm sure you didn't leave me all those messages, wanting me to come here immediately, to discuss my niece's christening. Just being friendly. Mm. So let me reciprocate. Don't take yourself so seriously, P.K. It's not good have a much more joyous life, and you'll receive the greatest benefits. I'm enjoying my life a whole lot, thank you very much. Really? Hmm. I always thought you were tense, tightly wound. Only when I think someone's trying to steal from me. Oh, now we're getting to the point. I see what you're talking about the deal I made with Miss Layton. So, let me just clear the decks, okay? I didn't steal from you or anyone else. It was a perfectly legitimate business deal. Except for one minor detail. Those plans belong to me. The blueprints belong to me. Well, you have your lawyers. I have mine. Tony, what you did was morally reprehensible. You don't have a problem with that? Morally reprehensible. Why, because it doesn't suit your purposes? And just in case you think I've been complicit with the me be really clear. I do not do business with E.J. I work totally independently. So you're your own man now. I'm impressed. You know what this boils down to? A conflict of generational interests. I don't follow. Simply put, I do not do business with entitled young men who think that the bloody world owes them a living, those who are spoon-fed. I know the type well. I wouldn't even call them men. Punks is more like it. Do you know that I paid Miss Layton handsomely for those blueprints? And I have the documents to prove it. So, what are you gon na do, sue me? Sue? Why would I sue you for something that belongs to me? Well, what are you gon na do, huh, challenge me with your lightsaber, young Padawan? You know what? I can actually relate to what you're going through. . I brought it on myself. Meaning? Meaning I shouldn't have gotten involved with this person in the first place. Well, that's that's easy to say, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Anyway, I shouldn't even be thinking about it because, like I told you, she's she's already moved on, so. That's the hardest part about it, isn't it? Hardest? Yeah. I mean, it is for me. Right now. Chloe and I even though we're divorced, I don't like the fact that she's already getting remarried. And that bothers me, that sense of possessiveness. I still have it, you know? I can't let it go. I'm not sure it's ever gon na go away. Mmm. Airplane chocolate mousse. Yummy. Here, try it. Yeah, is it good? Mm-hmm. I'm so tired. I just want to rest. You're tired? Mm-hmm. I'm not tired. I'm still running on adrenaline, even though we were up all night last night. Stop it. Shh. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Thinking Except Victor is probably right. If I do tell Lucas the truth about Chloe, I'll lose him. But if I don't, he'll end up broken-hearted, miserable. He's already fallen off the wagon once. Hey. Hey, sweetie. How you doing? Good. I just wanted to thank you. Thank you for being so nice to Chloe. I really appreciate it. And I know I've said it a lot of times before, but it really means a lot to me. Well, you know I only want what's best for you. Right. Yeah, I know that. Honey, there's something So, how does your husband's position affect you, Detective Brady? Well, the bottom line is we do our jobs. That's the priority. We don't, of course, always agree with each other, but we try not to take the work home. Something tells me that's not always possible. (Both-chuckle) Hey, hey. Whoa. Front page Salem Spectator the commissioner speaks. There he is, Jake, my big brother, Commander Roman Brady. Roman, Jake Donahue ace journalist. Will you tell that to my boss, okay? Oh, yeah. Commander Brady, would you mind giving me a few minutes of your time? Maybe I could get a few quotes. My brother-in-law is eminently quotable. Sure, Jake. No problem. Let's go over there and sit. So? What? How did I do? With Jake? Yeah. Great know. I felt a little clich the whole " we don't take our work home " thing. Well, most of the time, it's true. What? Sighs I hope he didn't suspect. That, uh, the commissioner's going bonkers, having some problems? Not only you. It's my problem, too. Oh, what am I thinking? Of course he didn't suspect anything. I'm a little paranoid about it. That's all. I understand. You and I working together that's never been the issue. I know. So, Mr. Brady, I must ask. What? This man and I your latest vision tell me, do you see us, uh, in the backseat of a car, in a bed, on a kitchen counter? Hope, come on. Or maybe it changes from vision to vision, huh? Don't make trying to make light. It's just so ridiculous. This whole thing is so crazy. We can't take it seriously. Don't you see? Because it can't happen. It never will. So, even though our relationship had gone south, Chloe felt she was doing the right thing sticking in there and trying to salvage our relationship. But you don't think it was the right thing? No. The marriage was over. I was an addict. She had this incredible feeling of responsibility. She had so much guilt. She thought that it was her fault that I started using. You know, the thing was, we were never right from the beginning. There was always something missing. And if I hadn't been so messed up in my head, I would have been able to make her see that. I think sometimes the right thing is actually the wrong thing in disguise. Chuckles Does that make sense to you at all If you have something to say, just say it. Okay. Um. I'm going to be fine with whatever you and Chloe decide to do. I know that I was upset about the elopement, but who am I to stand in your way, you know? And as you are constantly telling me, I am always interfering in my children's lives. Come on, all right? No, hey. It's true, okay? Please, I've earned that reputation. But, um, you are an adult, and you're going to live your life. So if you decide to live it with Chloe, then I'm going to be more than happy. What? I know you, and something is off. Something is going on here. No. You want me to be happy. Is that what you said? That didn't roll off your tongue too easily. Sighs All right. Something's it's time you tell me what it is? You have to promise that you won't be angry with me. Mom, just say it, all right? As much as I love, love, love Chloe for saving my life, I can't shake the feeling that someday she's gon na break your heart. There. I've said it. Well, this woman that I was involved with, she was also driven by guilt, felt responsible for someone else's well-being, mental stability, you know. You mean the guy she ended up with, right? Yeah. Yeah. But, you know, I wasn't trying to encourage her to stay with him. I was trying to convince her that we ugh. I mean, we had a shot. She and I, we had a shot at love I mean, real love. Then no dice, right? Got to let it go., though, that the harder we fight for what we want, what we really want, it just I don't know. It doesn't work out, right? Or does it? I don't know. I think it has something to do with balance, actually. Balance. Mm-hmm. Right. In relationships and in business, too. Yeah? Mm-hmm. What, you got a problem at Titan? Yeah, I do. It seems lately that, uh, if there's any bad decisions to be made, Philip makes them. And then he refuses to acknowledge that he has. And then if you confront him about it, he goes ballistic. Well, that doesn't sound like Philip. No, he's he's changed. He's way off his game right now. I feel like you and I have a good rapport, Tony, a lot in common. You out of that coma? You said you wanted to separate yourself from Stefano's legacy. That's exactly what I'm doing. By taking something that doesn't belong to you. That sounds very Stefano-like to me. Oh, for pity's sake. The deal is done. The project is mine. And now I can operate independently. I'm offering you the same deal. Chuckles Really? I mean it. And we're not talking chump change. We're talking bailout money, Fortune 500. Are you saying that if I accept your offer and give you the formula. you will come out of it in the same way I would? Is that what your objective is here? You know what I'm talking about. You want to get out of your father's shadow. You want to start anew. Like I said, we have a lot in common. Yeah. Who'd have thunk it? So 's great. That's just great, Mom. Thanks for cheering me the hell up. Lucas, please. You know what? Your timing is unbelievable. It's brilliant. It's just perfect. You know what you should do? You should do greeting cards for people who get married. " Congratulations on your wedding. Sorry it's not gon na last. " You know, that is not what I said. You said I was gon na get my heart broken. No, I said I was afraid that that was what was going to happen. You know, you asked me what was bothering me. Chloe is not gon na break my heart. Do you hear me? She is perfectly loyal to me and Allie. I sincerely hope so. You hope so? Mm. What do you want from me? I mean, really. If history tells us anything. What? What? Go ahead. with women has been a little spotty. Oh, right. Here we go. Here we go. You know, what do you expect me to do, forget everything that's happened in the past? Are you talking about Sami? I'm gon na tell you this right now. Chloe is not Sami, all right? She doesn't lie. She doesn't cheat. She doesn't manipulate. She's a compassionate, caring woman, and I made the right decision in marrying her. Oh, God, Lucas. I love you. That's why I worry. All right? I know. I know that. But you shouldn't worry, all right? It can't be good for your health, can it? Don't worry about all right, just stay positive for me. Have a positive outlook on this. Okay. You're right. And I am a man. You were right about that. decision about marrying Chloe. You just got to trust in that. Please. And trust me. You know, I don't meant to be talking out of school here, but Philip's a decent guy. You know, he's. Sighs But truth be told, my grandfather has had an issue with the way Philip's been running the company for months now. That's why he plugged me in as vice-C.E.O. No, I got that impression. And it's a real tricky situation. Oh, I can imagine. Just think about what it's like for Victor, though. Yeah. But. What? Victor has pulled me aside several times in private and told me that he thinks I should be running the company. Well, what do you think? I think I'm not about to let my own ego-driven interests rise above damn it, I'm feeling guilty about having this conversation, man. 'll say. I know Victor. And he is as savvy as they come. Scoffs He knows what's going on, and he will do what's right by Titan. Well? What do you think? I'm impressed. Is that a yes? Breathes deeply I doubt your papa would go for this. You let me worry about that. Tony, don't blow this. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Thanks all the same. What? Come on, man. No, you come on, Philip. What, did you think I was gon na jump on that? What, do you think I'm an idiot, a fool? It's a joke. You don't think I read the business section? The business Yes, the newspaper, dear boy. You and your father haven't been on the same page for months. He's lost faith in you. That's why who will probably take over sooner or later. You don't know what you're talking about. Bottom line I will not be screwed over. Oh, you mean like I was. You know, it happens to the best of us, so stiff upper lip, boy. Learn from it. Grow from it. What, you're going to mentor me now, show me the ropes, give me little nuggets of wisdom? " Learn from your mistakes. " Chuckles That's brilliant. Thank you, Tony. Thank you. I should be on my way. I want my plans back, damn it. Why don't you talk to Nick Fallon? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't, can you? What, is he otherwise engaged, incommunicado? From what I've heard. Tony, be smart about this. I'm really sorry we didn't come to some kind of understanding. I going anywhere, not until we have an agreement. Chuckles I want to trust you, Chloe. Then do, mom. Chloe would never hurt me. Is that true, Chloe? Of course. When you said your wedding vows to my son, did you mean them? Yes, I did. Every word. Very well. I believe you. I hope so. Yeah. Just don't worry about it, okay? Appreciate what you have. Try to enjoy yourself. All right. But one day, you're going to be just as protective of your grown children. You'll see. I don't know if I'm gon na fret over every little detail of their lives and drive them insane. Oh, you will. Believe me. And then you're going to realize that your mother wasn't completely crazy. I know you're not completely crazy. You're not crazy have you as a mother. Well, I'm lucky to have you as a son. And I'm gon na try very hard to cut the umbilical cord. I swear I am. That's for your own sake, right? Right? Right. All right. I'll be right back. Save my seat. I will. Hurry back. Oh, Chloe, look. I ordered some bloody marys, just the way you like them hot and spicy. Bloody mary? Gasps Oh, my God Why the hell would you do that? Where's Chloe? Oh, I think she went away to, uh, get dry. Get dry? How'd she get wet? Chuckles Yes, yes, yes. That would be good for a laugh. But now it's time to get serious. So, tell me. Hope, there's nothing to tell. You was it? Oh, was it wait, no. Was it Sami's bodyguard, Rafe? Daniel? Oh, maybe it was Tom Cruise, huh? Will you stop? No, not until you tell me who it was. I don't know. Brady, please, tell me what you do know. Sighs deeply Well, this last vision it was it was more intense. And it seemed. What? Go on. It seemed like you really wanted to be with this guy. You have to let this go. You don't seem to get it. I don't have any control over these visions. They just happen to me. But you can choose to ignore them. And if I had chosen to ignore the vision about Theo falling or Kayla being shot, what then? This can't go on. You know it, and I know it. Well, you tell me what I got to do, and I will. I want you to believe in us. I want you to trust in our love. Believe in it. Trust in me, that you're everything. That's what I want. that you will know that there will never be anyone but you. I really must be on my way. What are you doing this for? What is this, out of spite, for the sport, vengeance, what? Philip. I know what it is you're going through with your family, and I sympathize with you. I really do. But I have to warn you. It doesn't get easier. Is this the part where you start reciting eastern proverbs? As long as your father is alive, he'll keep pressing you, manipulate you, demean you. And then he'll play you against the next heir. Fancy face, I do believe in our love You're right. I just have to figure a way to just let this go. You're my life. You're everything to me. Nothing will change. Call the sitter. Why? Impromptu date night you, me, a movie, dinner, maybe some dancing and stuff. You? Yeah. Options are limitless. Yes, they are, as long as we're together. Come on. Looks like working together isn't a problem for those two, huh? Are you kidding me? My brother and Hope nothing can come between them. They are in it for the long haul. Stewardess? Flight-Attendant Yes, can I help you? You have wireless on the plane, correct? Flight-Attendant We certainly do. Thank you. Flight-Attendant Can I help you with anything else? No, that will be it. Well, now it is time to get serious. need to be stealthy, under the radar. So, Google, light the way. Anyway, I should be heading out. You know, it was good talking to you, Brady. You too, man. Yeah. So, um. well, let me know how things go with Philip. I hope it all works out. I will. And you know what? I know it sounds kind of trite, but, you know, things change, especially when it comes to matters of the heart. Maybe this woman will change her mind. Scoffs I appreciate your concern. Don't give up hope. All right. Take care, man. See ya. All right. You don't know my father. You don't know me. Don't ignore the truth, not for the sake of your pride. Oh, good. Now it's fortune-cookie time. You can scoff all Toiling for so long in my father's shadow it changes you, and not for the better, sadly. That's why I'm anxious to get out of here, and you will be, as well. I did not come here for life lessons from a man who spent the better part of two decades on a deserted island. Is that how you get your prospective clients to sign on the dotted line, by being this ill-mannered lout? You call me names? You're a thief, DiMera. I'm trying to open your eyes, you silly ass Scoffs Open my eyes. What, that little bit about toiling in my father's shadow? That was supposed to have some sort of impact? That was supposed to be a revelation? Why don't you have a good look in the mirror? Unbelievable. And you'll see what's left of me staring right back at you. Are you done, or Chuckles In many ways, I really envy you. I'm flattered. Well ,' cause you still have your youth, your ambition, your drive. You can make a clean break. But you're not going to do it on my project. Hmm. What's this? That could be good. Maybe a little too obvious, though. I have to stay discreet. I have to stay under the radar. Look at this one. Keep the hands clean. Wait a minute. Well, that could be good. That could work. Laughs Yes. That could definitely work. I'll be right back. I'm gon na go call the sitter. Okay. Well, all right. Looks like you and Hope have worked things out. Yeah, yeah. We're back on track. Glad to hear it. I'm gon na take off. Call me if you need me. All right, can't be it. It's impossible. Hey, Nicole, it's me. Listen, I'm at the pier, and I'll be waiting for you. Brady. Philip. I was just about to call you again. What's up? I left a bunch of messages. You didn't get any of them? My phone was off. It helps me think straight. Right. Well, I, uh, got a message from your father. What about? He wants to see you right away. In regards to? He didn't say. Well, okay. Thank you for letting me know. Philip, I'm assuming you took my advice and you didn't go after Tony. That's right, Brady. I always take your sage advice. You're the man. Look, I'm just worried about you. Me? I'm great. What Scoffs You take it easy. I'll see you later. You're not going down without a fight, Tony DiMera. I'm not going down at all. Breathing heavily Chuckles Ah. What do you know, father? I've got a little secret that can destroy E.J .'s world. And I have a plan that will bring you and the Kiriakis clan to their knees. Sighs Oh, for the first time in a long time. I'm proud of myself. And wonder of wonders, it has nothing to do with you, nothing to make you happy. A toast. to the slaying of idols. to letting go of the past. and to a world. I look forward to with a great future. I've spent almost my whole life preparing to take over the family business. It's in my blood. Not anymore. Oh, the sweet smell of victory. Everything that I have wanted bastard take it away from me. Everything okay? I think Bo needs help. 
There you are. I was worried about you. Sorry I'm late. There was traffic. It's okay. I'm just glad you're here. Thank you for coming, brady. I-I didn't know who else to turn to. No news there, right? What's wrong? Everything. Everything's wrong. You're late. I didn't know it was urgent. No? Did you think we were gon na have a tea party, play a little scrabble? Dad, I know you're upset. Give the man a prize. The situation is under control. Under control. I thought we'd agreed you'd worn that phrase out. Then I'll try another. There's nothing to get worked up about. Don't tell me how I'm supposed to feel. Tell me what's going on with the fuels project. I want answers, damn it It's still available? Okay, and how Nothing. Um, I'll have to get back to you. Thank you. Hey there, pretty lady. Hi. Uh-oh. Apartment-searching blues? Everything's either way out of my price range or a complete dump. You can stay with me as long as you like. I love having you. I love being there, but I just kind of feel like i need my own space, you know? I'm starting to feel unsettled. I get it. Besides, with my dad and hope going through their issues right now, I just think I need to get out of their way. Okay, I just got off the phone with the sitter, and she said she was fine staying a few more hours with ciara, so date night is definitely on. That's great. Yeah, I just need to pick up some dinner, drop it off hello? Bo, look at me. You go back on your word. Don't do this to me. Wait. What do you mean everything is wrong? Nicole? I thought that he was just making it up, you know, that he only suspected, that he didn't really know, but he just kept taunting me and mocking me with that horrible evil smile. And I tried to play it cool, i did, but how could I? Because I was dying inside. Brady, my heart, it was beating so fast. I thought it was gon na i thought it was gon na jump out of my chest. I've never been so scared in my whole life. Listen, listen. Try you need to calm down and just start from the beginning. Please. It was at the christening, and my baby wasn't wasn't far away from me, and he waited. He waited until everyone was at the church, because he knew that would be he waited for my little girl to be baptized, and then he was gon na ruin everything. He did ruin everything, that bastard Look, this was supposed to be the happiest day of my life, and it ended up being the biggest nightmare. Nicole, please, just you need to take it easy. Please calm down. Just look at me, look at me. Take it easy. Take a breath. Good, good. Take another one. Now look at me and tell me what the nightmare is. My secret. It's out. What? Someone knows that I'm not sydney's biological mother. Who? Tony dimera. Ah, yes. The tide has turned. And everything's under control. All copies. of the fuels-project blueprints were destroyed, except for one. And what? You have that copy now? Unfortunately, no, I don't. And that's I. You what? Who does have that copy? Tony dimera. Ah. Even better news. It's not really a shock, is it? Of course not. Tony dimera's a jackal. He's been trying to get a piece of our kill for years. And now, thanks to you, philip, he succeeded. Bravo. Hats off to my son. No way I'm gon na let him have it. This isn't over. How in the hell could you let it happen? Melanie sold it to him. Sneaky little bitch. Look, I know I screwed up. I know that. Hey, but I'll fix it. Just give me a chance. I promise I will get the project back. You've run out of time, philip. And your promises aren't worth crap. Just have a little patience. I swear I will devote myself to this 24/7. The yourself to is getting out of my sight. Dad, please. Just give me another chance. You had your chance, philip. You blew it. You're fired. I have an idea. Yeah? Let me help you. Are you gon na pay for my rent every month? Well, I can't pay for all of it, but I can certainly split it with you. Okay, I don't get it. Why would you do that? Oh. Oh Why not? Like roommates? Yeah. We did it before and it worked, at the sorority house. Think about it it makes perfect sense. We're both looking for a place. Neither one of us can afford one on our own. Why not get an apartment together? I don't know, steph. You don't know? Wait. Is this about you dating Max or whatever? I told you, I know you are. It's not that. It's, um. What? It's about your new boyfriend. Philip? You're firing me? Effective immediately. Dad, wait. Maybe you haven't been listening to me. I want you to go down and pack your things. I want you out before sundown. Wait. Look, I know you're upset. I mean, hell, that's an understatement. You're furious, but Furious doesn't begin to cover it. You failed me, philip. You went up against the dimeras and you lost and that is not acceptable. I haven't lost yet. You made us the laughingstock in the eyes of our bitterest enemies, and you want me to give you another chance? You just you just can't fire me. The hell I can't. I've done it before. Dad, listen to to take over the family business. It's in my blood. It's all I know. Not anymore. So, tony knows that you didn't give birth to sydney. Please don't make me repeat it. Nicole, how did he find out? That traitor. I knew she would turn her back on me. She kept calling me and calling me, and I told her not to, but did she listen? No, because she was so busy thinking about herself, she didn't care about me or the baby. Hey, take a breath, please, again. Breathe. What traitor? Who doesn't give a damn about the baby? Who? Mia. Mia? Mia's in japan. No, no, not anymore. She's back, obviously. And now she's making trips to the dimera mansion, pouring her heart out to tony. What the hell possessed her to do that know. I told him that she was mentally ill, that she had tourette's, and she just blurted things out and made things up. Did did he buy that, nicole? No. He didn't he didn't believe a thing I said. He just looked at me with that terrible cruel smile, high on my misery, drunk with his power, knowing that he could ruin my life and make E.J. Look like a fool. And he threatened to tell E.J. The truth, right? Exactly. And now it's only a matter of time before. Sighs I'm gon na lose everything, brady. My life will be over. Chuckles Got the world on a string, don't you, old boy? Oh. Oh, the sweet smell of victory. Sighs It's not that i don't like philip. I just think of how awkward it would be. Max and philip, they don't each other's throats. It's not our problem. I know that, but. okay, Max has moved on. With you. Yes, with me, but regardless, he's moved on, but he still is very protective of you, and he doesn't think that philip is good enough for you. Do you agree with him? No, I think if the guy makes you happy, then I'm all for it. Then what's the problem? I think that if we were roommates, then What, philip and Max are gon na cross paths and there's gon na be bloodshed? No. Look, we'll just tell them to be on their best behavior. We'll threaten them and make sure they don't act like little boys. Yeah, that's a conversation I can't wait to have. Well, what's the alternative, then? We let their stupid No. You know, it's not even just that. It'S. What? What else is there? Privacy. Ever hear of a two-bedroom apartment? Doors, chelsea? Yeah, doors. Those do come in handy. Mm-hmm. It's a good idea, chelsea. We'll work everything out. Just think about it. Okay, well, what about the issue of our boyfriends not getting along? We'll dump them if we have to. That's a fabulous idea. I don't know why I didn't think of it. Yeah, me either. I guess the better part, too, is that Max can come and go as he pleases without running into my dad and having my dad cause a huge scene. (Cellphone-vibrating) Yeah, see, that's a considerable bonus. Yeah. You know what? I actually have to go, but we will check out some rentals tomorrow, right. I will talk to you later, roomy. Ttyl, roomy. So, now all I have left to do is figure out how to break the news to dad. That will be fun. Bo, please. You say you don't have control over these visions, but you do. You just have to believe that you do. Are you even listening to me? Yeah, that I will do everything I can to keep control of my thoughts, all right ?' Cause all I want to do is. spend time with my beautiful wife, you know? Go on a nice romantic date night. But we can't if you keep obsessing about these visions. I won't. I won't. I'm obsessing about work. You know, I'm worried about that big meeting with the higher-ups tomorrow. You'll be fine. Just be yourself. Chuckles Hardheaded, argumentative, overzealous. What no big deal. I mean, they want to discuss ways to improve the police department's image in the community, you know. Well, sounds relatively painless. Well, it is. It's just. not what I enjoy doing, you know? Going to these meetings, trotting out all these charts with facts and figures, blah, blah, blah. You miss the detective work. Sometimes. Most of the time. I'm thinking, um. you need a little distraction. Well, that depends. On? The distraction. It wouldn't happen to involved you, now would it? I think possibly we could work something out. Bo. Yeah. This time, these visions look, just listen. I'm no shrink, but like I said before, I really think it's your way of punishing yourself, and it's got to stop. Stop. What happened with kay, we It's all forgiven. I just want you to have peace of mind now, that's all. And for you to believe in my love for you. I do. Nicole, you knew the risks. You knew that this could happen. That's it? That's all you have to say? I'm dying here, and you're giving me I told you sos? You know, just forget it. Go away. Listen, I want to help you. I do. I just don't But what? It's a lost cause? You know what? I. I don't need you. It's fine. I can do this on my own. I don't think it's a lost cause, but listen, you're gon na have to give me more information here. I mean, my God, does tony dimera have it in for you or what? No No, that's the this isn't about me. He just want to hurt E.J. and his father for pushing him out of the company, so now he wants revenge. And he feels that he could do that by dropping this bomb. Yes. And now he's just waiting for the right time, and I can't let that time come. Well, what are you gon na do? If tony's determined to do this, my God, he's gon na Wait, wait, wait. What? You know what? I do have a plan. I do, brady, and it's perfect. It's foolproof. You and me. I'm sorry. " You and me "? Yeah. You and me, we're gon na make this happen. Tony dimera is going down. Look, I need leverage with tony, obviously, and the only thing that creep seems to care about is the fuel-project blueprints. those back, right? Obviously, I do. So we have to steal them. Chuckles Tell me you're kidding, right? You're kidding. No, I'm dead serious. Emphasis on dead. Brady, this is simple. I live with the man. All we have to do is break into his bedroom. Oh. Is that all? Yes. Look, we break into his room, we get the blueprints, we get out, end of story. Beginning of prison sentence. And then I will use the fuel project as ransom to buy tony's silence. This is totally, absolutely cra It's perfect, and i know we can pull it off. I'm sorry. " We "? Yes. Unless you want to see my life fall apart. And didn't you say you wanted this project for Titan? Yes, nicole. My God, what the want you to be my star, my leading man. Huh? Tell me. You are gon na steal the plans. Oh, okay. Wait, wait, wait. You'll be more than my leading man. You'll be my hero. Please, brady. Please do this for me. So, what are you gon na do? What, are you gon na give my job to brady? Put it all in the hands of the golden boy? Try not to wear your jealousy on your sleeve, philip. Look, I'll own up to any mistakes I've made concerning the project. I'll make amends. I want a chance to redeem myself. It's too little, too late. Just don't give my job to brady, please. Your insolence knows no bounds. He can't handle it. Telling me what I can and can't do? Just give me one around. Let me get the project back. The only thing I'm gon na let you do is go out and look for another job. But you can't handle it. You can't handle it yourself. You need my help. I need your help? With what? To make a further mockery of this company? To lose us more money in the worst economy since the great depression? I built this empire on my own, and I will run it the way I see fit, without your help. You want to get rid of me? That's fine. But if you think I'm to blame for Titan's downward spiral, you're dead wrong. No? Was there someone else that lost the multimillion-dollar contract to another company? It's not my fault the dimeras play dirty. Hell, that's all they do, and that's how we'll hit them back. You know, you were never man enough today. the learning process will start. What the hell does that mean? I'm cutting you off, philip. Cutting me that sounds like are you disowning me? It's all semantics, isn't it? You know, all my life. all I've tried to do is live up to your expectations, and now I. I finally see. Finish your sentence. I'm done. with you. I'm on my own now. Yes, you are. But I will prove to you that I will defeat the dimeras. I will win. Do you hear me? Good night, philip. Slight modification to our date-night itinerary. Uh-oh. I just got off the phone with ciara, and she is demanding that I bring home the cookies that Grandma caroline baked for her. I'm sure she just wants to see her mommy. (Cellphone-ringing) Yeah, you're probably right the way and I've got to drop off dinner anyway. Uh-oh, it's chelsea. Yeah, go ahead. I'm gon na drop dinner off and meet you back here for a very hot date with my sexy husband. All right, I'll be waiting. Okay, I'll hurry. Hey, kid, what's up? Hey, dad. Um, I was wondering if you had a few minutes to meet up with me. I kind of need to talk to you about something. I have a few minutes right now. Okay, great. Um, how's the Cheatin' Heart? I'll be there. Come on, brady. Please, it's easy. You just have to go in there, get the blueprints, and get out. Five minutes tops. I would do it myself, but Oh, you are gon na go in. What? If we do this, you're gon na go in. But I thought I would distract tony while you pull off the heist. Oh, come on. How's that gon na happen? You think I'm gon na just go right by stefano's security detail and waltz past the butler and then I'm gon na wander into tony's room and just walk out the door with billion-dollar blueprints? Is that it? So does that mean you're not gon na help me? It means that if we do this, we do it my way. Fine. We'll do it. your way. You call the shots. You're the boss. Hey. Hey, kid. How are you? I feel like I haven't seen you in forever. Chuckles It's only been a few days. But when you're used to having somebody around and they up and disappear on you. I missed you. Same here. You're still over at stephanie's, right? Yeah. Actually, that was one of the things I wanted to talk to you about. Okay, shoot. Why don't you go first? Me? Yeah. Dad, I know you pretty well. I mean, even when I was living at the house, I could sense when something was off or you weren't feeling right. I can tell by that look in your eye that you're kind of hurting right now. I know that you and hope are doing okay and she's gotten over everything that happened with aunt kayla, but I can tell that there's something else bugging you, right? Come on, you can tell me. What's going on? Hello? Tony, it's brady black. Brady? This is a rather unexpected call. What can I say? It's unusual times, right? Indeed. Listen, I'll You know, I just had a face-to-face with philip not just a few hours ago. I think I've exhausted all ways to say no. Tony, I'm not philip. Oh, I hope not. Otherwise, Titan would have a rather bleak future. I want you to meet me at the pier, second warehouse. Brady, I don't think so. 15 minutes. Trust me, I have an offer for you. It may be worth your while. Uh, brady, you really got me at a bad time. I'm so busy right now. I tell you what why don't you call me later? We'll schedule it another time. At the end of the week, perhaps. I promise I will make it worth your while. Come on, tony, what have you got to lose? All I need is five minutes of your time. And this can't be discussed on the business face-to-face, and i promise I will be very quick. I will simply make my offer and you'll be free to go. All right, all right. Listen, I'll meet you at the pier in 15 minutes if it would just shut you up. Those blueprints better be here. Dad, come on, tell me. I don't want to talk about me. What's going on with you? How are things going? Good, I guess. Doing pretty well in my classes. Well, great. What else? Um. well, I guess you're wondering if I'm still dating Max. " Dating "? Yeah. What, am I not allowed to use that term? I'm sorry. Is it too innocent? A bit. Okay, let me rephrase it, then. I bet you're wondering if Max and I are still having sex. Hey, I just That's all I care about. Good, because I am happy. Max is a great guy, and I have a lot of fun when I'm with him. I bet you do. And even though you completely disapprove of the relationship, you're still happy if I'm happy. No, no, that's that's not the thing. Then what? I just miss you, kid. And you know what? I'd like you to move back to the house, and I promise I will try not to be so overprotective if you just give your old man some slack, you know? Just pretend I might have some influence over you a little bit. Can you do that for me? What do you say? I can't do it, dad. What do you mean? It's not because I'm still mad at you for what happened, because I'm definitely not. It's just get my own apartment, and I already found a roommate. Do you think you could give me a minute? Sorry, mr. Kiriakis. I got my orders. Yeah, right. My own father thinks I'm going to steal a lamp. What is that about? You know me, jimmy. Be like breaking into your own car. Philip, you're never gon na believe um, what's going on? What won't I believe? Um. Jimmy, please, come on. You're packing up your stuff. Yeah, you catch on quick. Well, that means. Yeah, my father fired me. Philip, I'm so sorry. Don't be. Because it's not over. Oh, no. This is not close to being over. Hey, you. Roman, hi. Hey, sister-in-law. You are looking even better than usual. Oh Oh, my husband and i are having a date. He's not here? No, he, uh, must have stepped outside. I'm sure he'll be back soon. Yeah. Everything okay? I'm not sure. You want to talk about it? I think bo needs help. So, this new roommate. Is not Max, much to your relief. I didn't say anything. I'm getting an apartment with stephanie. Oh, that's good. You think so? Yeah, absolutely. Just so long as it's not Max, right? I didn't say anything. You know, I can't help but wonder how you're gon na react one day when I come home and tell you that I'm getting married. Mm. Chuckles Not so good. I didn't think so. But I'll make it through it Thank you. Seriously. it will be difficult, but like I said before, if you're happy, I'm happy. You know that's true, right? I know that. Okay. And speaking of marriages and other people making you happy This sounds like a segue. Dad, you and hope have Hey, we are fine. As a matter of fact, we have a date night, and I bet she's waiting for me at the pub, so i got to get going. Dad. I am one lucky man. Keep me in the loop on this whole apartment thing. I'm excited for you. Love you, kid. Love you, too. Yeah, so, once my father learned that the project was no longer Titan's property, he threw me out on my ass, as he would put it. Guess we shouldn't be surprised, huh? I family company. And now I'm out of a job. and a father. " And a father. " What does that mean? Oh, I forgot to mention my dear old dad disowned me, too. Disowned you? Is that what he said? No, no, I did, but he didn't deny it. My God. What is wrong with that man? Well, I'm used to it. I'm used to it. It is what it is. You know what? It's his loss. If he can't realize that he's lucky to have a son like you, then. To hell with him. Right. So, what are you gon na do now? I'll tell you what I'm not gon na do. I'm not gon na give up. Tony, it's brady. I'm waiting for you at the pier, wondering where you are. . Dimera? Are you in there, sir? I brought your dry cleaning. Perhaps I'll come back later, then. Sighing Oh, God. Come on, tony. Where did you put them? Where did you put those blueprints? All right, wait a minute. Okay, let me get this straight you were saying you think bo needs help. Do you mean psychiatric help? He'd kill me for talking about this, even with you. Roman, bo's been. really stressed lately and just hasn't been himself. Not an easy job, running the police department. No, of course not. Especially with abe making all these changes. He cut back the people getting fired. It's pretty overwhelming, especially for a guy like bo. He takes all that to heart. You know that. Yeah, I know. That's what it is. Yeah, that must be the problem. I feel know that any time you need to talk. I know. You are always there. Thank you so much. You're not gon na give up. No way in hell. What exactly do you mean? Hey, don't worry. Okay? I'm not gon na do anything stupid. I'm sorry. For what? Worrying so much. It's just when you hurt, I hurt. I don't want you to hurt, stephanie. I don't want that. Then maybe. What? Walk away from it, philip. Tony has the fuels project now. You can't get it back, and I'm really sorry you lost your job. I'm not sorry. I'm mad. This never should have happened. But it did. And now I have to make it right. No, philip. You don't have to Stop it. Do . I make my own decisions. Stephanie, stephanie, I'm sorry. This is my life, my pride, my future. I won't stop. I can't. (Cellphone-rings) You know, I'm gon na wait outside for him. Sure, I need to take this anyway. Oh, there you are. I was just about to call what? Did something happen? I have to cancel our date night. I have to go to the office. I'll see you at home later. There you are. D-did you find it? No, nothing. The blueprints aren't in his room. Damn it. Oh, God. What do we do now? What now? Disaster now. Tony's gon na tell E.J. The truth about sydney, and my life is gon na be over. Listen, listen, listen. It's gon na be okay. We're gon na find a way a way, but you have got to get out of here before tony shows up. (Cellphone-ringing) Oh, my God. It's tony. Why is he calling me? Hi, tony. Nicole. You've had quite a day, haven't you? You and brady make quite the team. Uh, I-I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, it's a shame that we couldn't have worked this out peacefully. What? " Peacefully "? But maybe the truth. will set you free, nicole. No, tony. You can't tell E.J. Tony Oh, my God. I can't let this happen. I have to stop him. Nicole. Nicole, what are you gon na This is tony we're talking about. He could strike at any minute. There is something definitely wrong, and I think it's time you found out about it. And what to. You do care, right? 
Yeah, yeah, that's right. A college education fund. Joanna and Emilio Mantz Carlo's kids. We'll deal with that down the line. Right now I just want to make sure their education is taken care of. Yeah. What the hell are you doing, Philip? I'm late, I know, sorry. It's okay. You're, like, five minutes late. So I was thinking we could just go to the Cheatin' Heart and get a couple burgers. Oh, you know what, I was wondering if we could stay in tonight. Johnny's not feeling well, and I want to stay with him. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. I just wanted to hang out. Okay, cool. I have some to-go menus we can look at. Awesome. Hey, what's with all the boxes? All right, Dr. Richard Baker, let's see what you've been me. Hi. Hey, um, who are you, and what are you doing on that computer? Uh. It's not about worrying. I just want to say good night to my daughter. Is that okay with you? That is just fine. I would like to say good night to her too. Okay. She's not answering. Well, she's probably driving and doesn't want to talk on the phone. We'll call her later. Yeah, that's smart. But right now let's just enjoy the moment, shall we? No kids, no responsibilities. Just chillin' here at the pub. Chillin' at the pub. Hey, for old times' sake. For old times' sake. Ciara? Ciara? Ciara Uh, excuse me. I got ta make a call. Well, um, Rafe is moving out. So does that I'm so sorry. So am I. I thought I really was gon na get a happy ending this time. What what happened? There was this thing in his past that he didn't want to talk to me about, and I couldn't stop asking questions. And it just spiraled downhill from there. I'm so sorry. You two seemed so right. I think we are. But, um, this problem, it just wouldn't go away. I understand that all too well. Yeah. We're in the same boat, aren't we? Not exactly the best thing to have in common. Chuckles No. But you know what, I hope you know you're doing the right thing. Right? I mean, I relate to what you're going through with Philip, and believe me, you're too good a person to have to deal with stuff like that. Or too cowardly are not a coward. Not at all. Look, if you stayed with Philip, that would mean you're condoning you're okay with everything that he and his family does. And, Stephanie, you've already suffered enough from that. Okay? You don't have to live like that. You're right. You're completely right. Thank you for putting it into perspective. You know what, tomorrow is another day, right? You're gon na get a " happily ever after. " We both are. eventually. (Both-chuckle) And who are you? I asked you first. Yeah, you did. Um, Rafe. Oh, okay. I was just trying to find a patient's room number on this computer thing here, and See, now, you're supposed to ask the lovely assistant behind the counter what the patients' room number not just hop on any computer you want, and 're right. And you know, the funny thing is, there was no one behind this information desk, so. Listen, are you, um you trying to charm your way out of this? No, I'm serious, there was no one here. Still isn't, actually. Yeah? Look, you're very, very attractive. You have a nice smile. Come on. But I don't believe you. You serious? Come on, I No more games. Rafe, who are you, and what are you doing on that computer? What did I miss? What? Well, Bo seemed really thrown by something, and he got up like there was some kind of emergency. He must have remembered something. Maybe about one of his investigations. wanted to check it out. Hey, Ellen, it's Bo. You finally answered. Oh, I'm sorry Yeah, uh, Hope, you know, was just checking in a couple of times. Just want to see if everything's going okay. Is Ciara having fun? Oh, yeah, she's having a blast. Good. Um, can I talk to her? Oh, of course. She's right here. Ciara? Ciara, honey? Ellen, you said she was right there. She was. I just saw her. But now Calling out Ciara, where are you? Come on, we got ta go. Why? Come on, let's go I'll explain in the car. Is it Ciara? Nice to see you. You too. I really wasn't expecting company, so I I I thought I'd stop by. I should have called first. Actually, I did try your cell, but you were probably in the pool and didn'tn't hear the doorbell either. No? Uh, this guy let me in. Your housekeeper, I think. Oh, that's Henderson. Yeah, he's my butler. Butler. Right. All right, wait a minute. He's not my butler, he works for my grandfather, actually. Well, I'm glad I found you. I have a gift for you. I'm gon na have to call you back. Yeah, you too. Take care. Now, what is all this about an educational endowment? It's for Carlo's children. A college fund. And since when did the education of Carlo's children become your responsibility? A man was killed on my watch. doing our dirty work. What, am I not supposed to care about his family? Help them out? You're supposed to stay the hell out of it. Just like you shouldn't have gotten involved you thinking? I was trying to save a man's life. In the meantime, the police are asking all sorts of questions. The lawyers are having a hard time explaining what happened. Oh, my God, is that all you give a damn about, that you're inconvenienced about being asked questions? A man is dead A loyal employee. A father, a husband, a friend He lost his life doing business for us. I mean, doesn't that bother you? Why should it? Hey, Ellen. Yeah. Have you seen Ciara? Uh, no, not for a while. Last time I saw her she was with you. Right, well, she couldn't have gone too far. I mean, she's around here somewhere. How long have you been looking for her? Only a few minutes. She couldn't have gone too far, right? Theo, have . He's a little tired right now. Oh, that's okay. I'll ask the other kids. Well, I'll start searching the park. First let's go get mommy. I think I saw her talking to Jason's mom. She'll take you home. All right, buddy? Sound good? Ciara's got ta be close. We'll find her. All right. Ciara? Ciara Come on, Theo, let's go get Mommy. Come on, let's go. Hold on. Hi I hope I'm not late. I had a big traffic jam on magnolia. Yeah, I know. You didn't get my message. Oh, no. I haven't checked it lately. Why, change of plans? Oh, hi, Maggie. Hi, darling. Yeah, um, well, Johnny's not feeling well, so I decided to, so we're not gon na go out. Oh, well, can I stay a while anyway? Of course. Of course. I'd love that. Yeah, definitely. Okay, great. Then I can get to spend some time with you two. Although why do I get the feeling all is not well? Coughs Sami and I were just discussing the men in our lives. You mean the men who aren't in our lives anymore. Right. Uh, well, I know that Stephanie and Philip aren't together anymore, but I thought that you No, yeah, well. Rafe is moving out. We broke up. Gasps Oh, sweetheart. oh, honey. I know this is just so difficult for you. I mean, after everything you've been through. Yeah, well, Rafe helped me through the hardest time in my life. Oh, dear. You know, this. I mean, I know it's cold comfort right now, but the pain will lessen in time. And then one day you'll find your true soul mate and and the pain will disappear. What if you've already found him. and he is your soul mate? Does that mean the pain never goes away? Sighs Chuckles Look, Mister, if you don't tell me what you're doing, I'm gon na have to go call security. No, no, no, no, it's fine. All right. I'll tell you the truth. Okay, there's this nurse, and she works here. She's very attractive, actually. And the only problem, I only got her first name. Which is? Uh, Anita. Anita. So. there's no nurse here by that name. Yeah, well, there are a lot of nurses that work here. I'm sure not. So anyway, I was just trying to track her down through the database thing on the computer. Uh-huh. Okay, look, I am all for people hooking up, you know? And I mean that in a more appropriate way, obviously. Yeah, of course. Obviously. And I would hate to stand in the way of true love. or what could be a version of it. Great, so it's okay then? I can use the computer? So what do we got here? Uh, " this card entitles you to a Brady pub gift picnic basket for two. " I thought while the weather's still good, right? We can't have a picnic in November, can we? No, no, not around here. Not in these parts. Who should I take? I mean, it's for two people, so who should I go with? I don't know, 's not really my type. You know, she's a little too. Paris Hilton-like. Right. Yeah. I could take my accountant. He's an all right guy, but not too much fun. Not not a good sense of humor. He would talk about investments all night. You know what, I think that just leaves you. You sure? No other friends or associates? Not worthy of a picnic, no. I guess I'll have to clear my schedule then. I'm just curious about something. What's that? Clears throat Why the gift? It's my way of thanking you for the other night. The picnic, the dancing. I was hoping we could do it again. You made sure of it, didn't you? Pretty clever, huh? Well, you know, it doesn't always have to be a picnic. Huh? Well, you time together, Ari. I mean, I have a pool. Maybe we could take a swim together. You want to go for a swim? Oh, sorry, I can't. Dr. Baker Whew. Baker, hey. Dr. Baker What do you want? Scoffs Like you don't know. Hmm, like I said, I do get a kick out of thinking that you and this nurse Anita. Anita. Yeah. Right, that you and Anita could eventually meet up and fall in love. And that would be partly thanks to me because I let you look her up on the database here. Great. I, however, can not do that because everything on this computer's confidential. Ah, I get it. Right. That makes sense. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, no, no, that's okay. You're just didn't have, like, 15 seconds left in my shift, I'd help you go find this Anita physically, in person. That is really nice of you. Oh, you know what, shoot. I keep doing this matchmaking thing, it keeps blowing up in my face. So I actually probably have to take that back. I don't think I can help you find her. I get it. Well, you know what, I guess I'm just gon na have to find Anita some other way then. Good luck. Yeah. I mean that. Yeah, I I've already taken so much of your time, so. thanks again. See you. You have catch the next. Yeah. Hey, hey, what's going on? Have you seen Ciara? No, not yet. What about the other kids? Well, Lexie took Theo home. None Oh, dear God. Ciara Okay, look, she's gon na be fine. She's gon na be fine. Our twins disappeared on Adrienne and me at a carnival once. An hour later they showed up with Ciara? Ciara I put in a call to the station. We have officers searching the entire area. Okay, thanks, Abe. Ciara? Mommy and Daddy are here. Hey, Ci Ciara Little one? Ciara. Do you hear me, honey? It's Mommy Mommy misses you so much, sweetheart. Mommy and Daddy just want to find you so we can bring you home. Honey, please answer Mommy. Oh, my God. Ciara. Hope, did you find okay, kids drop these things all the time. Ciara? It doesn't necessarily mean Bo. Where did you find it? On the ground, a few feet away. (Cell-phone-rings) Hold on, we may have something. Talk to me. No swim? I can't, not right now. I'm on a break. I have to go back and close the pub. Caroline had bingo night, and I agreed to take care of it. All right, well, then, it's cool. All right, some other time. You mad at me? No, no, I'm not mad at you. No. You have work commitments. I understand that. And we'll hang out another time. Soon. Oh, yeah, very soon. Yeah, unless. Unless what? I could stop by after I close the pub. If it's not too late. I'm a patient guy. Oh, really? I go home and get my swimsuit first, though. Why would you do that? For the swim you suggested, 're gon na be in swimsuits are prohibited. You're not allowed to wear a swimsuit in that pool. Oh, really? I, uh I will see you when you get back. I'll see you then. You look like you've seen a ghost, Baker. Dr. Baker Look, just get out of here. The ghost of gambling debts past. Dr. Baker I don't have the money. I'm shocked. Dr. Baker But I'm gon na get it real soon. Real soon, huh? You have no idea how reassured I am. Dr. Baker A couple days, tops. A couple of days too late. I'm through waiting. The money, Baker. Now. (Elevator-dings) (Rafe-whistles) Yeah, okay, thanks. I got it. What? What's the lead? What have you got? Someone caw a car speeding . Oh, dear God. They got the make and model. License plate number? They couldn't get the license Without the license plate number we won't be able to track it, Bo. We're doing everything we can. That's not what I want to hear. I want my daughter back We'll find her, we'll find her, I promise you. I promise you we'll find her. Don't you worry. We'll find her. Hang in there. It's gon na be all right. It's gon na be okay. So that doesn't bother you, that Carlo is dead? Just another statistic, right? Just spare me the bleeding heart, Philip. Let me ask you something. Do you even have a heart? That man worked for us for years. The operative word being " worked for us. " He wasn't a member of . He was an employee, and as such he knew exactly what he was getting into when he took the job. Really? Really? Really? He expected to be killed? To leave his kids without a father? Look, I'm saddened that the man is dead, but I paid him very well, as I do all my staff. And in return they do their jobs and they keep their mouths shut. Wow, I knew you were a cold son of a bitch, but this is. It's the way we do business, Philip. If you don't like it, teach kindergarten. But if you plan on hanging around here and working with me, you better thicken up your skin .' Cause bad stuff happens. Get used to it. The first brick I gave you went pretty quick, huh? Too quick. Well, there's good news and bad. The bad news is for right now I hopefully that'll tide you over until the next shipment comes in. And the good news? Well, people I work for are impressed by how quickly and quietly you've been able to move our product. I aim to please. Just make sure you don't get pinched, huh? Right. I'll do my best. Hi. Sorry I'm late. I hope you haven't been waiting long. Sighs No, I'm just kidding. I just got here myself. Oh, well, cool. Then disregard my apology. Heh You, uh you don't like my outfit? No, you look great. It's just. is that the is that the new style? You got a little. Oh, that's embarrassing. No, I mean, it's fine. It's just the second button. Yeah, I, uh. Both stammering I'm so Nathan I'll. okay. Nathan, hey. Stephanie, hey. What brings you to the Cheatin' Heart? (Both) Are you okay? Chuckling You first. Yeah, I'm fine. I brought Johnny in. He's still coughing and. so I just wanted to get him checked out. He's all right? Yeah. Yeah, he is. He's with the nurse. She wanted to take him for a lollipop. Well, I'm glad he's all right. Are you okay? Yeah. I am. So what are you doing here? Oh. Did you change your mind about leaving Salem? I just, uh I just stopped by to have some dinner with a friend. Is she here? Ladies room. Oh. Got it. Uh, it's Melanie, actually. Oh, cool. Yeah. . I think that's a great idea. Stephanie I really think we should. Yeah, that'd be no pressure. I mean No, no, no. No pressure at all. I want to hang out again. I keep thinking about how much fun I had in the park that night. Yeah, it was fun. It was a lot of fun. Oh, yeah, that wonderful time in the park. All those wonderful memories. Steph and I were just You two were just what, being all cute and flirty while stupid, unsuspecting me was off in the bathroom buttoning up my shirt? Buttoning your shirt? Did you plan this, or is this a coincidence? Well, no. Plan what? Stephanie just happened to stop by. I came in here to get a beer. Oh, to get a beer. Right, and to talk about all the amazing times do it again. By the way, Steph, could you wear something a little more low-cut next time? You're, uh you're horning in on my date. And do you own anything that doesn't show all of your cleavage? Melanie, you're really out of control. Actually actually, I'm very much in control, and I'm not gon na do this this triangle thing, or whatever sleazy. Will you just stop? Just, hey just Just what? Just no. We're done. So he is all yours. princess. Melanie No, we Don't worry, we'll find her. Hey. We ran it all through the DMV, make and model of the car. And? Every available detective and officer are out trying to track down the owners. So far, everyone checks out except for Except what? The car. the river. Apparently the owner had reported it stolen. Let's go. That's where Ciara is. I got it covered, don't worry. Good to hear. How about you? I'm all set up. My bosses take very good care of me. Does that courtesy swing both ways? If I get into trouble, will they take care of me? But, honey, you won't get into trouble, will you? Not if you're being as careful as you say you are. Well, it turns out there's still some things that I have to do here. in Salem. Ahem. so. So. I don't know exactly when I'll be leaving. Oh. And these things you have to do here No, it's probably better I don't tell you the details. Okay, so what are you doing at the hos yeah,n't have the right to ask questions. It's gon na be awkward. Yeah. Running into you like this. Apparently. Um, so, you know, obviously I could spend a lot of time, effort, energy trying to figure out a way to change your mind. But I know you better. I know it wouldn't work. Heh. So, um so I'll miss you. I'll miss you too. You can come in, but sorry, bro, the pub's closed. Uh, yeah, I know. Just came by to use your laptop again, if that's okay. It's fine. All right. Still checking out that dr. Baker business? Dr. Richard Baker. that delivered Grace in secret. Now, if it's the same Dr. Baker that Nicole was talking to, I need to figure out what their connection is. How is with Sami. Sorry for ruining your night. No, it's not your fault. Melanie just lost it. Stop the presses, right? Yeah, she definitely went berserk over nothing. Oh, I don't know. It might not have been nothing. What do you mean? I'm just I don't know. I just think that she assumed that she and I were on a date, and that, for some ungodly reason, I made a date with you at the same time. That would be weird, huh? I mean, inviting someone out to dinner and then having someone else join you without telling your original date. Yes, it would be absolutely insane, right? She just didn't give you the benefit of the doubt. I noticed. Sit. Uh, well, was it? Was it what? Well, you said that Melanie assumed that you guys if that's what it was. No, not really. And just for the record, I am not in the least bit upset that you guys are hanging out. I mean, whether it was a date or you guys just hanging out as friends, I could care less. Ouch. I'm sorry. That was kind of cold, wasn't it? Absolutely. Especially when I was expecting you to be devastated and heartbroken. Oh, right, because you think, like, you're the man of my dreams or something, and that just the idea of you hanging out with another woman just drives me insanely jealous? Yeah, something like that. I am not upset at all. Mm-hmm. But I am sorry for interfering with whatever you two had going on. It was completely unintentional. Oh, I know that. And. I was just I'm wondering Go on. If think that I'm always gon na love Philip. But I told you that we're through. Good. Then you wan na hang for a little bit and just maybe talk or whatever? Unless you got other plans, then. I don't. Good. Then stay with me. Have dinner, save my night. Hey. Oh Don't sneak up on people like that. Oh, I'm sorry. It's a little late for that, I guess. What are you doing here anyway? This is not a safe place to be at night. Well, good, because I'm in the mood for flirting with danger. Something happen? Not really something I want to discuss. Let's just say my ego got a little bruised, and I'm not in a great mood. Obviously you aren't either. No, I'm not. I can't stop thinking about About work for you? Philip, it's not your fault. I mean, he wasn't even family. You better shut up. I'm sorry. What did I say? You're saying exactly what my father said. You sound just like him. Dr. Baker Just take it easy. Take it easy? That's the best you can come up with for me? What are you doing? Dr. Baker Whoa. Just getting out my wallet. Do it slowly, please, thank you. Dr. Baker Here, here, take it, okay? It's everything I have. Here, just. let me go. " Fairway Urgent Care Clinic. " What are you, a doctor? Dr. Baker That's right. I'll be damned. Dr. Baker I used to run that clinic. What a tragedy. for them. I mean, how did a doctor get involved Things happen. Yeah, things do happen. It's not enough. Dr. Baker Okay, listen to me. I'm getting more, all right? A lot more than covers my debt. I'll give you a cut. I'll give you a percentage. Just take take it easy now. Listen to me A couple days, that's all I'm asking. All right, now, think. I'm worth more to you alive. Trust me. If you are lying to me, you little bastard. Dr. Baker No, no, no, no. I mean every word, I swear. I'll give you two days. Dr. Baker Two days. Nice to see you, Doc. " 3:00 appointment, cancelled. Call on Sydney DiMera with Dr. Baker in pediatrics. " Why the hell did she cancel? Did she know Dr. Baker before he ended up at Salem . He loves it when you tuck him in. Oh, he's still a bit stuffed up. But I did get him to laugh with my terrible singing. I mean, I guess that's a good sign. Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ra-la? Oh, now, come on. It did work for Melissa. Do you want to sit and have some tea? I would love that. Sounds good. And you know what, you didn't have to clean up all of Rafe's stuff. No, I had to put the boxes away. Thank you. It's gon na get easier, Sami. I know I sound like a broken record, but it's true. I know it is. Honey, when you got back from the hospital, did something happen while you were there? I ran into Rafe. You know, I can't stop thinking about it anyway, but then seeing him. why does, I kept my promise. Well, yes, you did. You had your doubts, didn't you? You thought I wasn't gon na show. Yeah, yeah, actually I was starting to think that you might have, you know, maybe changed your mind. Oh, well, closing the pub took longer than I thought it would. But I'm here now. if you're, uh. interested. Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm still interested. Last one in? You bet. Thank you so much for hanging out tonight. It meant a lot to me. Thanks for having me. Of course. Yeah, it's nice hanging out with a guy and having it not be so complicated. I'm having fun. Me too. Salud. To uncomplicated relationships, and to having fun. I sound just like your father? What is that supposed to mean died. Who had a wife and kids. No, Philip, of course I care. And not just because it's horrible, but because you care too. I I was just saying that he's not family because I thought it would make you feel better, but I totally respect that this affects you, and it's because you're a good-hearted person. You may be the only person that thinks that, Melanie. Well, I don't just think it, I know it. Uh, so your dad was acting all business-like about this guy's death? Scoffs He doesn't give a damn about anything. That the guy worked for us, or the guy has a family, or the guy has kids. I mean, he doesn't give a damn. Well, that's messed up. It makes me question him. Question our business, question everything. I I don't know what to do, Melanie. . Will you let me help you? Will you let me make you feel better? Nothing like a moonlight swim, huh? Come on, warm summer night this is awesome. I don't know about warm. Ooh Okay. Come here. Brrr. Is that better? Much. Actually, I'm starting to feel really warm now. It's just hard running into him like that. Honey, is it too late to change your mind about letting him go? Yeah, it is. Rafe and I can't be together. Still, it just feels What, darling? What does it feel? It feels like I'm making the biggest mistake of my life. And I just wonder if he feels the same way. Dr. Baker ran the Fairway Urgent Care Clinic in Brookville before he was hired in Salem. That has to be it. That's where Nicole and Dr. doing at that clinic? What the hell is her connection to Dr. Baker? Ciara? Ciara Ciara Well, then, how the hell do we get in there? There's got ta be a way. Don't play a player. What's really going on? I'm quitting for good. " $5 million if you ever want to see your little girl again. " 
No, you were gon na say something. Well, we decided we weren't gon na talk about Melanie and Philip, so. Mm. All right. Well, it's obviously bothering you, so. I'll live. Just tell me. Laughs Okay, um. I don't like the way things ended with Melanie. And neither do I. But it's not your fault. It's neither of our faults. Why don't you stop her from leaving? Laughs Yeah, right. What, you think I can stop her? You saw her. When she came in and she saw you, she was completely out of control. There's no stopping her. And besides, I didn't do anything wrong. I'm not about to grovel. But you told me before. That. That she did have a reason to be upset and jealous. Yeah, but I wasn't being all that serious it was more meant to be lighthearted. Well, either way, I. I've already screwed things up between you guys before. I should probably call her and see if I can calm her down. Right now? It's the right thing to do. And trust me, it could avoid something completely disastrous happening. And how's that? When Melanie gets mad, she gets even. You're gon na make me feel better? Yeah. Is that such a hard concept to grasp? Look, I really don't think You know what, shut up. Just listen to me, okay? Ciara Ciara Ciara Oh, my God Oh, my God Ciara had this bear right here not that long ago. But where is she? Where's our daughter, Bo? Ciara Ciara   I wan na go home. Not I want my mommy. I want daddy. Shh, shh. Don't be scared. You have me. Thanks, Henderson. Sorry to stop by so late, Brady. I just needed to I. I'm sorry. Brady Uh, whoa. Ciara Ciara Ciara We'll find her wherever she is, we'll find her. Bo, you had that vision. Didn't it tell you anything, anything at all think Cops are here All right, thanks. I'm gon na keep looking. We'll find our daughter. Ciara Hey, you guys. you all know what Ciara looks like, right? When I left her at the carnival, she was wearing a blue zip-down sweatshirt. It was light blue. And a pink t-shirt and pink pants, and she had these. ribbons in her hair. But as you know, you stay here and see if you can find any tracks. The rest of you go Search the perimeter, go I know you wan na see your mommy and daddy, sweetheart. But right now (Siren-blaring) We're friends, right, you and me? Good friends, yeah? Okay. So do you think you can do something for me, then? Huh? Can you be very. very quiet? Shh. No talking. unless I say it's okay. Or you will never, ever. see your mommy and daddy again. Uh, Daniel, this is Arianna Hernandez. Arianna, this is Daniel Jonas. Nice to meet you. Sorry to bust in on you guys. I didn't It's okay, we were just actually, uh I was I'm I'm gon na go. Laughs We'll talk. tomorrow? Yeah. Yeah, I'll call you in to meet you. Oh, you too. Whoo. Um. Laughs I'm really sorry. Yeah. Yeah, it's all right. I just It's all right, man, um. don't sweat it, uh. you make bail? Yeah, well, Victor saw to that, yeah. Good. No surprise there. Except there's one thing he can't do, and neither can I. Not without help, anyway, from, uh, from you. What what do you need my help with? Saving Chloe. We're losing her. Look, neither one of us owes Melanie an apology, right? She jumped to a wrong conclusion and bolted out of here. Yeah, but still. Look, it was her decision to leave. Nobody made her. Well, she left because she was upset and embarrassed. Which she had were talking? I mean, is there a rule that one person can't talk to another person just because that person's out on a out with another person? I noticed you avoided saying date. Because it wasn't a date. Well, Melanie obviously thought it was. Yeah, but Okay, if it wasn't a date, then what was it? All right, let me explain something to you. Melanie and I are friends, okay? And we're also roommates. So it's only natural that I ask her out to dinner. Only natural. Stop it. And because we are friends, I'm going to fix this, okay? I'm going to talk to her about tonight and smooth things over. Okay. When? Why, is there some. rush? Is there some emergency that I need to calm down Melanie? Actually, yes, there is. I told you mad at me. And she won't be mad for long. She thinks that you invited me out on a date while you were on a date with her. Exactly. And how insulting do you think that is to me? Like, what kind of jerk would I be to do something like that, honestly? You know, maybe I should be the one that's mad about this whole situation. Maybe I should be upset that she thinks so little of me. Okay, that is some twisted logic. Not at all. Look, if she would have stuck around and listened to one of us, she would have realized that you just happened to come in here and we just happened to be talking while she was in the ladies' room. So you're blaming her now? No I'm not blaming her. I'm just saying if she wants to be mad, that's her prerogative, and I don't think Are you gon na make a decision or what? I don't get it. What's not to get? I mean, you're obviously hurting. Your father was indifferent and callous about that man's death, and it's making you question everything. Look, maybe because I'm looking at it from another person's point of view. it's not my problem. But all I know is that this is tearing you up inside. Stammers You know what? I don't need you to play shrink right now, okay? No, Philip, don't shut me out I can help you. You keep saying that, but what are you gon na do? All right, look, here's what I know. You will never have peace of mind until you figure out what Stephanie means to you. So do you? Do I what? What? Do you love her and want to be with her that off, you know? That's funny. What? I just used to think you were a Kiriakis through and through, heir to the throne and everything, but. now I'm not really sure. I got ta get out of here. Hey, Melanie. look, I. do know that. you really want what's best for me. Exhales What a relief Police cars all left. Okay. Well. we're all alone. Finally. Now, there's just. one more thing you have to do. I want another search at the designated area. When you've checked something twice, check it again. And find out what's going on with the amber alert. I want any suspicious lead followed thoroughly. Now, go, go. We need to get back out there and help with the search. No, no, no, we'll accomplish more by coordinating things from here., maybe get some other precincts involved. Bo's right the search area's expanding as we speak. We're gon na need all the man power we can get. You know what, I'm gon na call the police chief over at Brookville, see if we can get his people involved. Wait. What? What what if. is it possible the bear isn't Ciara's? Could be it's just a look-alike, right? Now, the DNA tests haven't come back, so possibly Ciara dropped that bear where I found it. I know she did. What's going on? Are you trying to tell me something? I'm just trying to look at everything from all angles, that's all. How did she get the bear back? Why are you asking me like that? Did you give it to her? Hope, did you? Brady. Brady, we were about my feelings for Chloe. Now, I know I know you care about her too, as a friend. as someone you used to be in love with. Daniel, tell me what you need. Okay. I understand. I understand how you may think that I'm guilty, but I'm not. I had nothing to do with what happened to Chloe. I just wan na save her life that's all, man. What does this have to do with me? I'm locked out of the hospital. I can't I can't do a thing. I need an ally. Hey, hey, hey, I am not a murderer. I love Chloe. I just wan na save her life. Brady. help me. Help Chloe. All right, look. This is how I feel about this. I've done a lot of thinking about this, okay? And I think you're innocent, Daniel concerned, you know I will do everything I can to help her, all right? That's it. Whew. Thank you. Thank you. You have no idea. What's going on here? Muttering I got it. I got it yeah. Victor. Victor, you have been a godsend to me through this. this nightmare posting bail, bringing Justin in to work on my case. But I know there are limits to what you can do for me. Well, then, rely on Brady. If there's any way that he can help you, take advantage of it. Daniel, you're family. I vowed when I became your godfather that I would treat you with the same devotion that I treat my own flesh and blood children. And grandchildren. Brady will give you any support you need. I know you two demonstrate what it means to be a Kiriakis. I couldn't be more proud. She walked 's all because she had it all figured out in her little head and she didn't want to stick around and listen to us to know that. look, you know, we shouldn't feel guilty. I don't. I don't feel guilty. I just. it worries me when she's mad at me. And like I said, she won't be mad for very long. Look, I know Melanie. She'll get over this. She gets over things very easily. Yeah, but I still think that I should call her. Stop obsessing Look, no more about Melanie. No more about feeling guilty. She's a big girl, she'll be over this, okay? And I promise I'll take care of it. I promise. I hope you do. I will. Come on, it is the most beautiful night of the summer, probably the only beautiful night I'll have off in a while a walk, listen to music? I-I don't care what we do. I don't care if we do nothing. as long as we do it together. That actually sounds good. Especially the doing nothing part. I'm a huge fan of that. Yeah, me too. Now, what are we not going to talk about? Whispers Melanie. Whispers Or anything else. Right? Yeah. Because worrying is out. Best thing you've said all night. No My God, how could you even think that? Of course I didn't give her the bear back Then how the hell did she get it? I have no idea. Okay, okay, let's just all take a deep breath Excuse me what exactly are you accusing me of? You think I deliberately ignored what we discussed? No, I know you wouldn't do something look. we've got a thing is we get our daughter back. Okay, the point is Ciara dropped her bear. And if it was her bear It was. Okay, what I'm trying to say is we don't even have the test results back yet. I don't need any damn tests to know that she dropped that bear in the forest where I found it. Which means we screwed up somehow. And the important thing is we find our daughter. Hey, what have you got? They finished sweeping the area, commissioner. And they came up with nothing? Grunts There's no reason to be scared, sweetie. This is just a fun little game, okay? And now you get to listen. to some music. (Car-doors-thud-shut) We're gon na get her back. I mean, it hasn't been that long since we started searching. An hour or so, right? Right. Right. It has . Let's get back Yeah, hold on a second. Commissioner, you need to see this. So I don't know. I guess wanting to be a doctor's just always been in my blood. You're following in your great-granddad's footsteps. Right. Although I doubt I'll ever be able to fill his shoes. You know, I was just talking to Maggie the other day about, um, how high the expectations are at University. Everyone seems to have heard of the legendary Tom Horton. Of course. I don't know, sometimes I just. wow. What? I am so boring Laughs Boring? Yes No I'm actually interested in hearing this. Well, I'm not. Can we just stop talking about me? I got a better idea. Let's go to the carnival. Honestly, I would rather. talk to you. and about you with you? Alone? Now? We're in the middle of Now. This better be important. It is. Excuse me. Look, man, tell me what you need. Look, I just need to get to Chloe. I need to treat her. I have some ideas on how to save her life, but if I'm not allowed near the damn hospit look, I ju I just need to get to her. You think you can get her out of her coma, don't you? Yes, I do. I do. But at the very least, I need to access her medical records, and the problem is. a-anyone who's connected to me, friends, colleagues. my guess is they're probably being monitored as well. Yeah. You're probably right about that. Well, then how the hell do we get in there? There's got ta be Can't leave it here. Too risky. Hey Hi. I, uh, remembered you were doing inventory, so I thought I'd stop by and say hi. Uh, I was actually Okay You got me. I just kinda wanted somebody to talk to. Now? N-now's not really a good time. I just really miss max. I'm glad you and I are getting along, because now I can come to the Brady pub and not be really sad. Melanie But I just maybe it's my old insecurities coming through, but I just I'm having these thoughts that I know I'm not supposed to be having, and it's kind of making me feel like a really bad person. Okay, you know what? Not now. Seriously. Uh. you don't have to yell. I-I have work to do, okay? Uh-huh. I'm sorryn't play a player, okay? What's really going on? What the hell is Daniel doing in this house? What kind of question is that? That man is my godson. That man is accused of attempted murder. I repeat. he is my godson. He's family. Won't have you talking about him like he's some kind of a stranger I came here for answers, but you can't be honest with me not about Daniel, not about anything. You know, all you do lately is bitch, Philip. Are you aware of that? You know how tiresome that is? Why are you shutting me out? You don't trust me? Oh, give it up, will you? It has nothing to do with trust. It has everything to do with you treating me like a second-class citizen. Now you're not making any sense at all. not that there's anything If I'm gon na be doing the heavy lifting for you, I need to know what the hell is going on with this family. I will not be kept in the dark. Do you understand me? Perfectly. Your frustration is duly noted. Now we'll talk about this later. No. We're talking about it right now. I said we'll talk about it later Right now we have more important things to deal with What things? I was gon na call you later, but as long as you sought me out. you can get started on this. Ugh. more dirty work. Stop whining I am not whining I am quitting. for good. Is it happening? As we speak. What does it say? $5 million if you ever want to see your little girl again. Now you know the drill. Have these dusted for prints. DNA testing could we have let this happen? What else did the note say? What's the time frame? What are we looking at? We'll be contacted with specifics about the drop-off point within the hour. Within the hour? How are we supposed to get that kind of money in the middle of the night? How? Uncle Vic. I'll go talk to him. Thanks. Oh, my God. What? Ciara was taken because of the newspaper clipping the donation I made. The kidnappers took our daughter because they think I'm rich. Fine. Okay, you're right. There is something going on, which is why you can't be here right now, okay? I'm sorry. Okay. Oh, shoot Is Brady here? Is that why? Melanie. I'm asking you as a friend, okay, to just let this go. Cut me a break, okay? I you absolutely. Thanks. I, uh, have this thing I wanted to go to in the park carnival, actually, anyway, so. Sounds fun. We'll talk later. Definitely. Hey, Mel. listen, I know something's really bugging you, and I'm sorry. I want to be there. I want to help, but just. not now, okay? No problem. Yeah. Definitely. Wait a minute, I think I got something a way to help. I think I think I got it, yeah. What what, how, how? Tell me, tell me. I can't, look, I Groans I can't say right now. You can't say? What do you mean, you have to say Look, I don't know if it'll work. I won't know until morning, actually. Morning Chloe is dying. Do you understand that? Daniel, Daniel, I know she's dying, I understand that, but I won't know. It might be sooner, I don't know, but you got ta be patient, man. Look, you're gon na have to wait. please. Okay. I-I will, I will wait. All right, look, I will be in touch with you very soon, all right? All right. You're quitting? I don't wan na do this anymore, Dad. I won't. Won't what? Won't work for a living? Won't help your family? At what cost? My soul? Your soul. Oh. when did you become so spiritual, Philip? You know, maybe I just don't want to be. like. Like me. Is that what you were gon na say? You know, these I've been there for you, Dad. In fact, I've given up everything for this family everything. So now you've decided to turn your back on us. Forgive me for being unmoved. Somewhat negates what you've given up, Philip. No, the turning point was Carlo. His death meant nothing to you. He was a statistic, nothing more. But to me he was a good man. Glass clunks down A father, a husband. So we're revisiting that, are we? I can't be as cold as you want me to be that's the bottom line here. I am not you. And I can't keep trying to prove my worth. for things that I end up hating myself for. Things that are wrong, things that are immoral. Now you're quoting Stephanie Johnson? No, no, wait, wait. Quoting Stephanie? What does that have to do with this?, surely, she's lectured you many times on right and wrong and immorality. She didn't lecture me about anything. She told me how she felt. Ah. Of course. And you absorbed how she felt, and now. you're packing in the family. You're way off. This is not about Stephanie. It's about you and me and about how I'll never be the son that you want me to be and finally. finally, I don't want to be. (Door-thuds-closed) But it was my fault. Ciara was targeted because. because of me. That's what you believe, isn't it? Kidnappers know you've got money. That's why they sent the newspaper article with the ransom note. That's not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, it gives us an insight into the kidnappers' mindset. Or maybe. the money's completely irrelevant. You had the vision of her and the bear you I don't know how she got the bear back. I believe you. Do you? Because the way I see it. you're sitting there thinking there's absolutely no way she could have gotten that bear back with the precautions we took since your initial vision. No way. Right? Unless I somehow disregarded those safeguards. Well? I'm not accusing you. I simply asked did you? Is that what happened? I got ta go. Whoa, whoa. You're not gon na leave me alone with Kyle and that kid. Listen, you do your part. and I'll do mine. Okay? (Loud-knocking) (Knocking) Hey there. I have got to calm. down. It's out of your hands right now. Damn it. She needs me. If I could just get to her, see her, I could save her. I could. Don't worry, Daniel. You Philip. Hey, I need to talk to you. I just, um. I just did something that could change everything. Call me. Hey, you're the one that wanted it come on, try it. I said don't get me any. You have to eat it. It's a gift. You can't refuse a gift. Says who? Says me. Besides. it's your reward. For. For listening to me drone on about my hopes and dreams. Come on, it's good for you. It's high in. sugar and food coloring. Mmm. Giggles Hey What are you doing? Philip, get off of him Get off No That's not what happened. That's not at all what happened. Commissioner, the results came back from the lab. And? No fingerprints, no DNA. The clippings and notes, I'm gon na oversee the next sweep of the park. Uh, there's more. What? The DNA on that teddy bear came back as well. Ciara definitely had it earlier this evening. Shh. Chuckles There you go.   I want my mommy. Oh, shut up, will you? We all want things we can't have. Is this seat taken? Actually, uh. Oh. You are alone, right? I mean, I saw you come in and sit down, order a drink. Yeah, I am alone. Not anymore. Giggles Look, uh. I'll, uh, I'll have what you're having. Uh. I got ta I got ta go. Oh, Chloe. Don't leave me. Please. I, uh, wanted to apologize. For what? Our little interruption. Earlier. a good buddy of mine, and. I'm kind of helping him out, and that's what I wanted to talk to you about. Talk to me about helping your friend? I put in a couple calls for him, and even though I won't hear anything until tomorrow morning. I wanted you to know that if you don't hear from me by then, that's why. I got it. Got it. Yeah, I'm completely over thinking this, aren't I? I'm totally doing that. Laughing No. no, it's good to know that if I don't hear from you it's not' cause you're avoiding me. No, I could never, never avoid you. Brady? What what is it? Philip Philip, stop it Get off of him What is your problem? You're a dead man. Bring it Hey, . This guy's nuts Stay right here Stay right there What the hell is going on? Nothing, Philip Nothing Nothing, right. Why is it any of your business? We're not even together anymore Stephanie. just wait. What go home, Philip. Something happened, okay? I don't care what happened. I don't wan na hear it I am tired of this drama, okay? I'm over it One minute I'm right to be done with you, the next you're in a jealous rage? Just get out of here. But tonight Stephanie, please I don't wan na hear it, all right go. You know what? I'll go. Stephanie. Daniel. Listen. I know you think that you're not doing enough, but you're wrong. I can feel how much you helps more than you know. Chloe. Just know that no matter what happens. you'll always be in my heart. Always and forever. I will save you, Chloe. Somehow. But until then, you have just got. to hold on. Hold on. Minor miracle here, huh? An hour ago, it looked like we were losing her. But now. somehow she's rallied. She's fighting hard. What is that? It's cocaine. I heard shouting. Oh, my God, your face what happened? It's nothing. Uh, you have a cut on your face. I'm okay. I thought you were going home. I did. And? And things became clear. Did they? Like what? Like this. Uncle Vic Uncle Vic? What is it? It's Ciara. She's, you'll see them soon, kid. And Dean will let me know right now if they are being smart. (Beeping) We're gon na search the designated areas again. But this time we'll have CSI with us, so keep them in the loop. If we have to work through the night, we're gon na find my daughter. whatever it takes. What are we gon na do about Philip? I am going to do whatever it takes to forget about him. You're the one I want to be with. Only you. Aren't you a little worried you might be a suspect? This is my daughter. I call the shots 
Well, so where were you, anyway? I was worried when you didn't call me back. Sorry, I was distracted. What's up? There's something I need to tell you. something I think you're gon na be ha (Cell-phone-ringing) I'm sorry. It's okay. I'm used to it. All the time. Hernandez. Yeah. I'm gon na get the $5 million. I promise you, Samantha, I'm gon na get our baby back. Breathing heavily Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. There's something I got to tell you too, Rafe. Sighs Hello? What? How? That's impossible. Yeah, you're damn right I'm on my way. I'm leaving now. You're you're not listening to me. I already pled guilty, okay? And I'm not gon na change my mind. Mrs. DiMera, the term " diminished capacity It's a definition I wasn't crazy. I took Sydney because Sami and EJ were fighting, and I thought Mrs. DiMera, for God's sake, this is your last chance. You could wind up spending the rest of your life behind bars. Is that what you want? Ready for school tomorrow? Clicks tongue Yeah. First day kind of nervous. Relax, all right? I'll get you through it. How? It's not like you and I have a whole lot of classes together. Well, we'll have lunch together, right? And maybe we'll have the same free period. Yeah, okay. Sounds great. I'll check my schedule when I get back to my room. Here's your target. Sami, you can do this. I mean, you just have to tell him, " There's been a ransom demand. " Everything has to get Oh, I am so sorry about that. Oh, my God. Hey, that's okay. Look, um, there's something that I Shh, shh, shh. Hold that thought, okay? Wait, but, no I have got amazing news, do you remember? Do you not want to hear amazing news? Well, yeah, I mean, of course Okay, then let me tell you, because it's official now. Back with the bureau. Laughs That's fantastic. Isn't it, huh? Yeah. How's it feel to kiss an FBI man? Pretty good. Pretty good, huh? Yeah. Crazy story too. So the field-office supervisor, the guy who iced me he finally retired. And the new guy well, he's been impressed with my work, mainly that I figured out the baby switch. And, uh been coordinating between the police and the FBI on, uh, Sydney's case, and he called me this morning. Done deal. That's amazing. And not just that. He wants me to stay on the case. So, basically, I'm gon na be the point person here in Salem working on Sydney's case. Rafe. I'm so happy. Isn't that great? Yeah, congratulations. I know. I wish we could celebrate, but right now we need to stay focused on finding Sydney. Absolutely. That is the most important thing. We have to get her safe. Yeah. Now, I just got off the phone with the D.A. Nicole's sentencing hearing is today. Nathan. Hey. I see you got out of jail. Yeah, Maggie bailed me out. Huh, you must be getting used to being arrested, you know, first for giving Chloe I got released on my own recognizance. Now assaulting Philip. And the charges were dropped for both of us, all right? So no harm, no foul. Maggie got her bail money back, and I managed to stay in the will. Hmm. Yeah, well, I'm not that forgiving. Okay, here goes. What? Here go Yeah, here goes. Whoa, whoa What are you doing? We're not married yet. Well, think of it as practice. The assault charges have been dropped, which means I can leave the state, which means we're off to Vegas. And when we get back, I'll be carrying Mrs. Philip Kiriakis across the threshold. Mm, mm-mm. No. Hey, I'll be ready in, like, two minutes. Is, um is this okay? Yeah. Looks good. I haven't worn a well, well, look. Oh, my God. Chuckles Will. Hey, guys, what's up? We're, um, just getting ready for Nicole's sentencing hearing. Yeah. That's today? Yeah, they moved it up. Um, hey, uh, Rafe actually has some good news for you. What? That I do. I've been reinstated back into the FBI. Well, way to go, man. That's great. Yeah, so no funny stuff. I'll be watching you. Laughing Well, will you guys wait up for a little bit ?' Cause I want to go, to the hearing. Yeah, but we're leaving soon, so hurry, okay? Okay. Sighs Oh, I forgot to tell you, actually, um. Brady was here. Told me he got a message from a prison guard that Nicole is Yeah. Well, you know what? Keep a secret like that from someone, who cares? She deserves it. Scoffs As far as I'm concerned, a secret's the same as a lie. You don't lie to the people you love. Mrs. DiMera, prison life is very hard. physically. emotionally. mentally. Unless I'm allowed to use diminished capacity as a mitigating circumstance during your hearing Okay, what part of " no " don't you understand? But you have got to let me do my job Sighs You want to go to prison for life? No, of course I don't. But I am guilty. Sighs And whatever the judge decides is fine. because I will be guilty until I die. I don't deserve any mercy. Did you think I'd just forgive and forget? Stephanie, look, I know you're upset Yeah. because when attacked him. He he threw the first punch. Are you serious right now? Are are you that dense on top of being thoughtless? Scoffs Nathan, that's not the point. You asked me to spend New Year's Eve with you, and instead you find yourself in a fight over Melanie. How do you think that made me feel? Bad. Oh, now you're getting it. I'm sorry. Hey, look, I screwed up. Come on, I'm sorry. What do you mean? No no what? No wedding? No yes, wed put me down, silly. Yes, wedding. I mean, we just can't do that ,' cause we're gon na get carried away, and then we won't get to go to Vegas. See how I'm always thinking ahead? You are a genius. One thing, though. Yeah, what there's no rush. We can leave whenever we want. Oh. Yeah, but I'm excited. I want to go now. My bag's already packed. Come on, let's go pack your bag. Hey, I thought you locked the door. I thought I did. Hi, I I'm so sorry. Did did you see the sign? We're closed. What are you what are you doing in here, man? One more, on the house. Thanks. Um, I'll be right back. Sighs deeply Hey. Mia, hey, how's it going? Not a good day. Why? Well, today is when Nicole gets sentenced. I'm going to testify. Damn, I, uh I've got to get some time off work. I want to testify too. What's up with Chad? Oh to know. Why wouldn't I? Okay, maybe you should. So come with me. Where are you going? The courthouse. Chad's going to testify, and I bet he'd really appreciate seeing you there, you know, for support. Um, sure. Yeah, okay. I'll go. Chuckles I see you got the good news. EJ. Just a while ago, yeah. She had this hearing brought forward. I know she did. Of course she did. Yeah ,' cause she wants to make sure the judge only hears her side of the story, that no one else gets a chance to testify. Yeah, well, then today's gon na be her unlucky day. Oh, okay. All right, just. all right, look, we're gon na need to make some. Yeah, okay. Changes here. Yeah till No, that's not what I meant, Stephanie. Look, we need to come to some sort of an understanding. You just want me to be charming and agreeable with you because you apologized and called yourself a jerk? Well, I never called myself a jerk. I said that I screwed up. Okay, you know what? I stand corrected. Stephanie, look-it, I-I-I did a lot of thinking when I was in jail, all right? And I am making some major changes, and they start with you. Why are you packing that shirt? Why not? It doesn't match any of the pants you just put in there. Maybe I won't wear pants that day. Oh, I see what you're doing. Or maybe I'll have Henderson come in here and pack for me. You can tell him what to do. No, he won't approve of anything this a vision of what married life with Mel is gon na be like? Yeah, really, like I could ever tell you what to do. Exhales sharply Wait a second. What kind of wife are you gon na be? You don't want to change me, do you? Imagine that. I want you just the way you are? You want me. you got me. Philip. isn't the jet waiting for us? Do you care? No. (Both-laugh) I, uh, just wanted some coffee. You seriously you didn't see the sign that was on the door? What can I say, man? I haven't had my coffee yet. Sorry. Okay, what That was weird. What are you doing back here? I thought you had your meeting. I no, I, uh, ran into Gabi at Java, and she said that you, which means that you were here alone again. Uh, yeah, okay. Um, I did, because Troy wants to meet with me, so. hey, go go deal with your client. I'm fine. No, I-I already canceled. Because of me, huh ?' Cause you're worried about me. I'm fine. No, hey, I canceled, actually, because I found out Nicole is being sentenced today. Oh. And you want to be there for her, right? I probably should go, yeah. Well, listen, why don't you come with me? No. No way. Char Chad, you don't have to testify. This this hearing's gon na get a lot of play in the press. Look, the woman stole my baby, okay? I want the judge to know what that meant to me. Char Let Mia McCormick do the testifying, it's gon na happen, so get used to it. I don't understand. I mean, this woman is being sentenced for kidnapping. Why would Chad have to testify? It's hard to explain. I think it's better if you just listen. Okay. Sighs EJ, did you get the money? Clears throat I'm working on it, okay? We have 24 hours, remember? Okay. You didn't tell him, did you? Rafe? No. No, I didn't, and I feel terrible about it. Well, don't, all right? This is not about you and your boyfriend, Samantha. This is about us and our daughter, okay? Let's just leave this for the time being and concentrate on putting Nicole behind bars, all right? Scoffs (Door-opens) All rise. Court is now in session. The honorable David Goldberg presiding. Judge-Goldberg Be seated. 's not have any theatrics. Nicole Walker DiMera. you have pled guilty to three felonies, specifically obtaining a newborn infant by illegal means, switching that newborn for a different infant, and finally, kidnapping one Sydney Anne DiMera from her rightful parents. Is that correct? So stipulated, your honor. Judge-Goldberg Does the prosecution have a recommendation? Char We do, your honor. Due to the severity of the crimes and the damage to the lives of all those involved, we ask for punishment to the fullest extent of the law, with all three sentences to run consecutively for a total of 70 years. Your honor, a sentence of 70 years is tantamount to Judge-Goldberg Mr. Marcus, Mr. Marcus, I am sure you're going to ask the court to be lenient temper mercy with justice, remember the good in all of us, et cetera, et cetera. I don't need to hear it. Sit down. I am going to base my we hear today. Bailiff. The court now calls Elvis DiMera. Look, if I go to the hearing, who's gon na do all this inventory? Right. Sorry, forgot about that. And you know what? Actually, I'm I'm almost done, and. and then I'll stop by. Okay. I still I-I don't like this. I don't like you being here alone. Troy's coming by. I don't like it. You know what? Troy's the least of my worries. You still want to help her Why is that? I don't I don't know. Look, maybe it's because she's. What? Alone, okay? She's desperate. She has had a tragic life. It's been tragic for her, and I just thought I could be Oh, my god. Oh, my god what? to her. She she's like a drug to you. That's why you can't stop helping her. I said I want her dead. Hey, I couldn't kill her and the guy. You said you wanted it to look like a robbery, not a hit. My boss talked about moving that bitch up to replace me in the organization. You think I want that happening? Fine. I'll go back and do them both. Yeah. And you better not blow it this time. Damn Now I'm gon na have to meet up with her so she doesn't get suspicious. And, um. uh, when Grace died of meningitis. she just stood there, said nothing. while I mourned a child that I thought was mine. When I finally realized that she hadn't given birth to my child, she lied. again. She told me that Sydney was adopted. Consequently, I. or forgive her for. Because she switched. Grace and Sydney, I thought Grace was my daughter. I raised as my own. I loved her. I protected her. I welcomed her into our family, gave her all the love that I could. And when that little, innocent baby died. a part of me died with her. I will never forget our sweet. amazing Grace. And I would give anything. to have her back. Exhales sharply And anytime Nicole saw me, she'd always remind that I could never tell anyone about giving her my baby. So that meant that I had to lie too. And I hate myself for that ,' cause I lied to people I truly care about. When I found out about my girlfriend being pregnant with my baby, I wanted custody, you know? Okay, I was still in school, but I wanted to raise my kid. But I never got the chance. because that woman lied . I loved my wife. I love Sydney. I thought we had a we had a perfect family, really. She made a mockery of that. It was all based on lies. She actually cried. right by my side. about Grace when she died. She told me she was heartbroken. She said she felt horrible. She was right there with me. and yet she never, not once. told me the truth. So she made me lie. about sleeping with lots of different guys. Not one word of it was true. But I had to. or at least she made me think I did. And it was all so she could keep lying about Sydney. And then when she knew the game was up, she tried to leave the country with my daughter. She was actually on an airplane when she was stopped. And now my little girl has been kidnapped all over again. Nicole took her. Right out from her. And because of what Nicole did, someone else came in and stole Sydney. She's gone. My little girl has been kidnapped, and we don't know where she is. We don't know if we're ever gon na see her again, and it is all because of Nicole. If this some sort of turning-over-a-new-leaf speech, I'll pass, all right? No, it's not. Look. I'd like to think that I'm a pretty honest guy, right? And and I wasn't this time, not with you, not with myself, because I foolishly let myself get sucked into this Melanie fiasco, and I totally forgot what I really want. Which is? What are you thinking about? Mm. that when we make love, it's like nothing else matters. I do what I can to bring joy to this world. You do. Is our jet waiting for us we want it to, okay? I know. I'm just excited. I want to go now. All right. You got it. Go pack. Oh Laughing Don't forget your razor. Check. You know, forget the jet. Forget Vegas. Let's just, uh, stay in bed all day. How's that sound? Like heaven. Judge-Goldberg And therefore, I want to thank those of you who testified. I know that for some of you, this was quite painful, and I want you to know that you have the gratitude of this court. Mrs. DiMera, everyone who spoke spoke against you. Am I to assume that there is no one here who will speak on your behalf? I will. Inhales deeply The shipment is gon na be late again? What can I say, babe? The big man's got some issues. Scoffs all right? You got it. How come you're, uh you're closed? Inventory it's a real pain. Bye. Sighs To hell with this. I'm going. Sighs You know, answer me this one question first, and then I'll answer yours. Okay. Did you decide to fall in love with Philip? No. I didn't decide to fall in love with Philip. I just got swept up into his life because he was funny and sexy, but he's a Kiriakis, and I finally realized that it wasn't gon na work. See, you finally realized that it wasn't going to work. That's what I realized. well, with Melanie, not with Philip. Chuckles I did some major thinking when I was in that jail cell, and I realized that it wasn't even Melanie that I was chasing. It was it was a fantasy, and I'm done this all day. Me too. Hey, I got a great idea. Let's get our honeymoon started early. No. I have a favor to ask you. Nicole didn't realize that she had actually lost the baby until I came into the clinic. into that room and told her. Your honor, her eyes I-I don't believe I've ever seen pain like that in my life. It was as if the pain cut right through her mind and through her heart. I think, on some level, your honor, she, uh she went insane. You see, she loved EJ DiMera so much, and she cherished that little girl so deeply. there was a total disconnect. It's as if she, uh she truly thought she gave birth to Sydney. Whenever she spoke about her, that's what she believed in her heart. But that's over now, and the truth is out. And now Nicole still you could hand down today that would be any worse than what she's feeling right now. And it is my hope that you realize that she's suffered enough. I only ask that you be kind, please. She deserves mercy. Scoffs Judge-Goldberg Mrs. DiMera, if this isn't something you can handle, you may be excused. It will not be held against you if you choose not to testify. No, I. I want you to know. I want everyone to know. that there's no excuse for what I did. What I did was terrible, unforgivable, and I hurt so many people. It's like every choice I made was wrong and disastrous. Your honor, giving me the worst sentence you can think of is what I deserve. I know it, and I accept it. And I don't I don't care if I go to prison for the rest of my life. All Inhales deeply All I care about the sweetest, most precious Sobbing Oh, my God. Oh, God, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Okay, so that's over your Melanie-chasing fantasy. So now what? Depends on you. Not that I expect you to want to hang out with me again. I mean, what I did was stupid and and rotten and. you know, if you're the type of person that gives second chances, then. hey, you know where to find me. Sighs What kind of favor are we talking about here, Mel? You changing your mind? You want a big church wedding? No. No. No, absolutely not. Um. I was just thinking when we come back from Vegas, we're gon na have to face a lot of people. There are gon na be a lot of explanations they're gon na want. Probably. So I was hoping maybe we could That's your favor? Mm-hmm. Sure, why not? That's not all. When we're in Europe, I want to show you all of the places I lived and partied and got guys to cough up money ,' cause I want you to know all about me I mean, the real me. It doesn't scare me. You sure? There are a lot of places I have to show you. It could take months. It could take years, for all I care. Let's do it. Judge-Goldberg I must admit, I don't think I have ever met a defendant as remorseful and repentant as you are. That is ridiculous. Judge-Goldberg Mr. DiMera. She doesn't show any remorse. Judge-Goldberg Sir, you had your chance to speak. You are out of order. Every word out of this woman's mouth is a lie. Did you not hear anything we said? Judge-Goldberg Silence, who has been accused of breaking innumerable laws, would come into this courtroom and demand justice. Tell me something what if this woman would receive the exact, same punishment for her crime as you have for yours namely nothing? Philip. Steph, hi. Melanie needed me to stop by, let everybody know that we're, uh we're going out of town. She's not gon na be back for quite a while. So you're telling people for her? Kind of, yeah. I guess I am. Chuckles So why won't she be back for a while? Oh, we're flying to Vegas to get married, then off to Europe for a nice, long honeymoon. Wow, that's, um that's a lot of traveling. Yep. So, um. have you talked to Nathan since he got out of jail? Yeah, I have. Is he gonn't think so. I think that little fight that you guys had sort of knocked Melanie out of his system. Really? Yeah. He finally realized that Melanie's not the girl that he thought she was, and she was just some sort of fantasy, and he needed someone more real. Like you? Chuckles Anything's possible. Hey, what are you doing in here? Hey, I'm just filling out some paperwork. Paperwork? Yeah. Big news. Really? Uh, no, big news um, Philip and I are still getting married in Vegas, just the big news is we're gon na go on a honeymoon in Europe for a month, maybe longer. I don't know. You know, in a couple weeks, you're supposed to start Nursing school. I know. Um, that's why I'm giving my notice. I'm dropping out. hey. Yeah, hey. Uh, you know, I would've liked a heads-up. Uh, a-about what? Scoffs That you and Mia had a baby. What, that just slipped your mind when you asked me out? Sighs Sir, how dare you bring your prejudice against me and my family Judge-Goldberg Sir, you will sit down. No, this is about Nicole. Look, it's not about him It is about Nicole. Didn't you hear what everyone was saying? I mean, you can't believe her crocodile tears. Judge-Goldberg You will sit down now, or I will have you held in the jail downstairs for contempt. Me? Sami, would you please? But you have Not helping. Judge-Goldberg Thank you. Ms. Brady, I feel for you. I do. The loss of your daughter has to be devastating. And your previous child's death I'm sure of this case in full, along with others that you have been involved in. Frankly, you seem to have a penchant for custody battles during your life. No. Judge-Goldberg Also, you lied to the baby's father about your pregnancy and kept his paternity a secret for quite some time. So you have not exactly been blameless in this, have you? For the record, be it known that I have reached a verdict in the sentencing for Nicole Walker DiMera. My decision is as follows. I don't understand you, and I'm beginning to think that I never will. Stay away from me, okay? There's something I need to say. 
I see. Um, well, thank you for letting me know. Ooh. Big news, little darlin' seems your ex-mother is being sentenced right this very minute. Oh. never I could never let that happen to me. I'd rather die than be caught. Well, why didn't you tell me you and Mia had a baby? That is kind of a big deal. I thought everyone knew. Not me. I just got to Salem, remember? But your your sister and your brother, they knew. They they didn't tell you? Obviously not. Chad, we're getting backed up here. Be right there. Give me a minute, okay? Gabi, I feel awful. I should have said something. It's okay. No, it's not. You should know the whole story about Chad and me. the real story. Judge-Goldberg As I stated earlier, Mrs. DiMera, you are encountered. And much of what you have done, while unconscionable, is, on some level, understandable. I feel that your mental state during the time of your actions, as described by you to us, and later clarified by the testimony of Brady Black it's obvious that you were fragile, unstable. grieving over the loss of your own child. your miscarriage. especially knowing that it was your last chance to bear a child. All of these factors have to be taken into consideration. And therefore. your sentence will be reduced accordingly. What? You can't just do that You can not just set her free Judge-Goldberg Order. I will have order in this court. No, I mean Judge-Goldberg Sit down Come on, you can't just let her get away with this Judge-Goldberg Bailiff. You are gon na do just fine. Yeah, right. " Excuse me, but, uh, we were expecting . What are you doing here? " Oh, come on, no one's gon na say that. Sighs Yes, they are. Maggie, there's no way that I can fill your shoes. You bring people's spirits up just by being here, by being you. What a sweet thing to say. Well, it's true. And you are going to be so missed. Well, I'm gon na miss you all too. but not too much. (Both-laugh) I know, right? A South American cruise what a dream. Yeah. Where are you going first? Okay, let me see. Well, we're gon na fly overnight to Rio Sorry to interrupt. Chloe, you might want to check on what's going on at the courthouse. Oh, uh, well, I talked to Nicole this morning. It's just the preliminary motions, right? Mm-mm. There have to know it's outrageous. I mean, she can't just go Judge-Goldberg I am warning you, Miss Brady, one more outburst, and I will have you removed from this court and held in contempt. But Sami, please, sit down. Please? Judge-Goldberg As I was saying, Mrs. DiMera, your sentence will be reduced accordingly. Instead of the maximum of up to 70 years, I will be imposing a sentence of 20 years, including time served. Sir, sir, you can't be up here. You got to take your seat. Clapping slowly Your honor. please, th there's something I need to say. Ohhhhh .... Judge-Goldberg Mr. Black, I won't ask you again. Please step away from the defendant. As for your request to address the court, you already had a chance to state your case. Your honor, this isn't about me or my sentence. This is So, please, please let me speak. Let's just say. Chad and I. we've been through a lot. Obviously. Having a baby and not knowing she died, it's with us every day. Of course. It can't be something you just get over. I guess what I'm trying to say is we're going through it not just as friends. Oh. See, no matter what Chad and I say or do and no matter how much we try to deny it, it's always been more, and it always will be. But you went to the winter dance with Will. I know, I know. But I still feel like. Like what? Like Chad's my soul mate. But you can't say anything to either one of them not Chad or Will. I wouldn't do that. I'm only telling you this because I don't, you mean? Right. Because you think he's still into you. Well, I hope I don't sound full of myself or conceited or anything. I'm just telling you the truth because I don't want you to get hurt. Judge-Goldberg Go ahead, then, Mrs. DiMera. But make it quick, please. Like I said before. I know the things I did were horrible. And I should pay for them. I will pay for them. But Sydney. that little girl's done nothing wrong. And what's worse for me than than going to prison is the fear of what that sweet, innocent, little girl is going through right now, being separated from from the people who love her. Please keep searching. Devote all your energy to her, your heart and your souls. because that woman who has her, or the people who have her, they can not be living in total isolation. There a way to bring her home. Chuckles Thank you, your honor. That's all I had to say. Judge-Goldberg Take Mrs. DiMera back to the station, arrange for her transport to state prison within the hour. Bangs gavel Court is dismissed. Will, what's going on? Uh, nothing. I'm calling from the hearing room. Uh, Nicole just got 20 years. That's all? No, it could have been a lot worse, believe me. I'll fill you in later. Yeah, I'll be back at Maggie's. I'll meet you there? Definitely. Hey, Will, I'm so glad you were here. Thank you. Me too. That was Mia. I told her what happened. Maybe this will help her move on with her life. I hope so. She's so lucky to have you. I think you 're a really good friend to her. I don't know about that. I just wish I could help you. Will, I don't want you to worry about this. We are gon na get Sydney back. Your little sister's gon na be home soon. I'm sure of it. I have a feeling about this. It's not gon na be long now. 20 years, huh? Yeah. Not sure it's enough after all that woman did. Hey, no matter what, Nicole DiMera will be miserable for the rest of her life no husband, no kid. Chad, don't make me ask you again. Sorry. I'll be right there. I got to go. I'll be done for the day pretty soon, so stick around, okay? Wow. He wants you to wait till he's done with work. Like you have nothing better to do? He said 's pretty controlling. He used to do stuff like that to me. " Mia, stay at your house, so I can come over whenever I feel like it. Whatever you do, don't leave. " He said stuff like that to you? Yeah, but, you know, I'm used to it. And it comes from a caring place. It's his way of showing me he still has feelings for me and always will. Right. But you you can't I can't say anything. I know. I know. I won't. I told you I wouldn't. So nice, finally. What is? To have a friend I can really trust. I think you and I are gon na be best friends, actually. We'll talk later? Yeah, sure. Hey, I'll be done in about, uh, 15, okay? So I was hoping maybe can't. Stay away from me, okay? Sighs Okay. You came to the hearing, huh? Obviously. Ari, come on. You know. I don't understand you. And I'm beginning to think that I never will. All right. after the welcome distraction of seeing Nicole get 20 years, I think it's about time we get back to the matter at hand, don't you? Namely, finding our little girl. Yeah, well, at least I won't have to call in any favors at the FBI. Why is that, then? Oh, Sami didn't tell you? Oh, I hadn't had a chance. I'm back at the bureau. I've been reinstated, effective immediately. (Cell-phone-rings) In fact, I believe that is the field office right now. Back in a minute. Sighs deeply So he's back at the bureau, is are you thinking? I don't know, Samantha, maybe it was a mistake to keep him out of the loop. Maybe we should have told him about the ransom note. Yeah, I probably should have stuck around, but I knew my mom had Rafe there with her, so. I wanted to come see you. knowing how much you've been through today. I'll be okay. especially because I have you, Will. And I know deep down, the only place I want to be is right here. in your arms. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What what. what is up with you? Why are you acting like this? You can't figure it out? Uh, no, I can't. Before the hearing, everything was cool. Now you're telling me to stay away from you. Look, I'm sorry you were blindsided by the whole baby thing, but It fine. I have to go. Gabi, just just wait. Okay? Look. I made a mistake with Mia, a huge mistake. Okay, I was stupid and irresponsible. But I'm not a bad person. And after all that, everything that happened, it's history. You know, it's completely in the past. You don't believe me, huh? No, I don't. Did Mia say something to you just now? What did she say? It doesn't even matter. Of course it matters. You know what, Chad? We're not supposed to be friends, okay? We're just not. end of story. Sighs Right, now you don't understand me. A couple of minutes of testimony, all of a sudden, I'm a mystery to you? Really? Did you think that I was just gon na take it all in stride? That I I was hoping that you would just be a little compassionate and understanding, that's all. Nicole may be going to jail for 20 years. She's living a hellish life right now. She's in a nightmare right now Okay, this isn't about me being compassionate, Brady. This is about. Sighs Tell me, what is this really about? Please. You wanting her to be free. after everything that she's done to your sister. Yeah, yeah. I would like for Nicole to be free, Ari. Nicole, I'm so sorry. I'm just glad you're here. Everything moved so fast. I mean, isn't there something you can do? You can appeal, right? I don't want to. This is what I deserve. Don't say that. Sydney is the one who doesn't deserve to be punished, and I will never forgive myself until they else about the woman who took her? Just the feeling that I know her somehow. that maybe we all do. Babbling Yeah. Chuckles Yeah. It was a branch. just a tree branch hitting the door. That's all that little noise was. That's all that noise was. or was it? Hmm? Mm-hmm. So now you want to tell Rafe about the ransom note? Samantha, isn't that what I just said? Yes, but why did you change your mind, because he got reinstated? I mean, before you were like, " no one can know. " And then five minutes ago, you were freaking out at the idea of me telling him. Because I'm just reconsidering, okay? Now that he's back in the bureau, I don't know, he might be able to help us. Great Great, EJ, let's go tell him Wait, about this for a second. Wait, think about this, okay? All right, think about it. What happens if the kidnapper finds out that he's back in the bureau? I mean, they might cut off communication with us entirely. So you want me to tell Rafe not to take the job? No, no, that's I'm all right, let's just get our priorities straight, okay? The most important thing here. is getting the ransom together for the kidnapper, yes? And then all we can do is wait for the kidnapper to tell us what to do. Okay, you know what? The more I think about this, I'm really What? I'm not sure. Telling Rafe could bring us some clues, but overall I think it's just too risky. EJ, two minutes ago, you said we could tell him. Samantha, it's too risky, okay are we agreed? What? Okay, here we go. Anywhere? Right there is perfect. Okay. Laughs Thank you so much, Lexie. Oh, my goodness. What? I don't think I've ever seen this before. Ah, that's Mickey and me on my wedding day. Oh, with Tom and Alice. Look how beautiful you all are. Mm, and young. You're still beautiful. Ah, you know, after all these years, I still feel so blessed to be married to my best friend. Is that a clich or what? Mm-mm, not if it's true. Well, it is. We don't have a perfect marriage. I mean, who does? I mean, we fight. all the time, in fact. What, you and Mickey? Oh, yeah, yeah. We fight, we yell, we . We don't have any actual physical harm with each other. Good, well, that's a relief. It's really nice making up. Yeah, it is. I-I can't get over it, Maggie. I mean. What? You and Mickey. I just always assumed the two of you were, I don't know, the " happily every after " types. Us? Mm-hmm. Hmm, oh, no. I need you, Will. more than ever. What? Didn't you hear the back door close? Could be my aunt. So what? Will, didn't you hear me? I need you so much. E-excuse me, Officer. Do you mind if we have a minute alone? You've got until the police transport arrives. Thank you. Sighs You know, I, uh. I just want to say, first of all, many years fighting and such a short time being friends, and I really wish that was reversed, you know? Me too. But, hey, we're still gon na be friends. I'm gon na write you. I'll come visit. Oh, you better. And the other thing is. you and Daniel. He loves you so much. Don't be like me. Don't take that for granted. I don't understand. What do you mean " be like you "? Sighs All this time, for over a year, I chased this illusion. I hung on for dear life to this lie when when real love when when Brady. was looking me right in the face the whole time. And I threw that away. And you know what I wish more than anything? Is that I could take it all back. If that were the case, if Nicole were free. Ari, she lot of mistakes. And she regrets every single one of them. That's it. You didn't answer my question. What would you do if Nicole didn't go to jail? Why why does it even make a difference? It it doesn't matter. What's with all these hypotheticals? It's just one. I don't know. I don't I don't I can't say. I can't speculate on that. I don't know. Okay, well, um, I'm sure that you want to go say good-bye to her before she's sent away, right? Yeah, yeah, I do, but listen, if this is gon na become a problem between you and me, I don't want to Hey, just just go. Go say good-bye, and we can talk about this later, okay? Please, go. Sighs You're still in love with her you. What are you guys talking about? Um, Nicole and the sentencing and. just that I was worried about him being a DiMera, and all the horrible things they've done, like the judge said. And he still gave her 20 years, which is It's great. Thankfully it all worked out. No. No? What do you mean " no "? You're not happy she got 20 years? No, I mean that's not what you guys were talking about. Of different stuff. from her. Don't answer it. Mia, whoever it is, they're just gon na keep knocking. And then my aunt and uncle are gon na hear it. Fine, I'll get rid of them. Hey, you left this at- And on the day this picture was taken, I spent most of the morning feeling like I was gon na pass out.. when I think back to everything that happened after that fateful day divorce. remarriage. kids, grandkids, and blessings and tragedies. but with all the ups and downs, how lucky I am to have not only found the man of my dreams, but that I actually held on to him. Well, he's lucky to have you too, Maggie. I'm sorry. You know, I seem to ramble on when I get sentimental. No, no, no. I love listening to you talk. It's inspiring. Well, you and Abe have a great marriage too. And and that precious little boy. Oh, Theo, our angel. Well, I mean, you know, in the in the beginning, our disagreements about him drove Abe and I apart. I mean, thank God we worked it all out. And, uh, I don't know. Now we're we're happier than ever Oh, bless his sweet, little heart. Yeah. Yeah. I've got to tell you, Maggie, you and Mickey, I mean, you've you've really set a great example for us. really. I only hope that years from now, when Theo is all grown up and, um and Abe and I are all grown up. Both chuckle That we'll be as happy as you and Mickey are. You will be. You know why? Why? Because you also married your best friend. Yeah, I did. Yeah, you did. You are so wise. I just love you so much. I love you. Oh, and I love you. Oh, can you, uh can you go now, please, before they take me away? I'm always gon na be here for you, Nicole, just know that. Come here. Thank you go before I cry. Bye. Bye. Chloe, please. look, I just really need to- See, when I walked in, EJ was asking you if you agreed. Now, how could that be about Nicole? We just agreed not to give the press a statement about Nicole. We want to concentrate on what's important. That's finding our daughter. Right. I'm sorry. Sorry if I seem suspicious. I know that we're all on the same page, right? That's quite all right. Actually, speaking of which, I should probably get home and see if there's any news. I'll let you know if there's an update, okay? Um, I should get back too. I'll go with you. Good. All right, well, glad we're all on the same page. Yeah. So come on, let's go. Yeah. After you here. You left this at Java. Thanks. Uh, Will, could you go grab me a drink? Water's fine. Uh, yeah. Yeah, sure. Why are you looking at me like that? Because I don't understand. Why were you kissing Will? Okay, where are they? Oh, hey, Will. I didn't know you were here. Ah. Yeah, just hanging out with Mia. Oh, and Gabi's here too. Oh, that's nice. Listen, um, your uncle's upstairs packing, I'm sure. And I need to get finished myself. Right. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Melanie's not gon na be here for the rest of the day, so do you think you and Mia could water my plants for me? I was gon na do it, but I don't think I have time I'm late. Oh, one more thing. Mia, have her turn off the lights if you all are going out later ,' cause you're gon na be the only two here. I mean, it's you're my last defense for energy conservation. Okay. Giggles Will and I were not kissing. No? Then why were you both all red in the face? And why is your lipstick smeared? We're not all red in the face. I thought you said you and Chad had something special. I thought you said he was your soul mate. He is, and he always will be. Then why are you stringing Will along? Isn't that a little mean, not to mention totally immoral? Oh, wow, you're gon na lecture me on morality? You say you want Chad, and here you are going at it with Will. Am I supposed to think that's cool? don't have to explain myself to you. I'll be in his heart. always. Laughing Oh, you know it's true. No. I won't let it be. Even now you come. Still in my corner. I hate this. I just hate this. Shh, please, please. Let it go. I can't let it go. I should have been able to What? What? I don't know Brady, how is any of this your fault? I feel like I should have protected you from this or something I don't know. You did everything you could to protect me. All the mistakes I made were in spite of you, not because of you. Brady, look. you're the only one. who really cares. who ever cared. And that's why What? I don't I don't want you I don't I don't deserve it? Arianna. Just be careful, okay. Check her out. What do you mean by that? Well, I I overheard her and her sister talking before I left town with Sydney, and. Arianna is a drug dealer. I did no, I know. No, no. It's a big misunderstanding. Trust me, it's Just promise me you will be careful, okay? Don't let her hurt you. Don't let anyone ever hurt you again like I did over and over. which brings me to the second thing that I need to tell you. Don't call me. And don't write. And don't come visit me. What are you talk Ni ' Cause I won't see you, Brady. I won't take your calls. I won't write you back. Nicole I won't, I won't And the one gift that I can actually give you is to finally truly let you go. You've been really quiet since we left the courthouse. What's wrong? You tell me. (Cell-phone-rings) What? Oh, my God. (Car-door-closes) Whispering Someone is here. Gabi, uh, I'm so sorry I was mean. You just came in at a really bad time. Scoffs No kidding. Well, thanks for the scarf. Right. You know, Mia, if you really care about Chad, if he's so important to you, then leave will alone. Stop leading him on. So what did she mean by that? Nicole, I-I can't just I can't just walk out It's time to go. Please, don't do this. Brady, please. Please don't say anything else. The one last thing I will say is even though your voice. you'll always be with me, Brady, forever. Crying I have nothing to tell you. I don't know why you're acting all suspicious all of a sudden. Well, simply because when I interrupted you and EJ earlier, I didn't think that you were being honest with me. So am I right? Is there something you want to tell me? Okay. I am done being the good guy. To hell with that. Maggie, are you okay? No. Sydney might already be back in your arms if it wasn't for EJ. 
Oh, my God. Thank God you're home. Uh, hi, Gabi. What's going on? I need to find Rafe. Do you know how to reach him? Uh, no, I don't. What's up? Arianna's in trouble, and he's the only one who can help. Hi. Brady. What's he doing here? EJ is my new lawyer. How'd you end up with the likes of him? She needed some help, and I offered. You won't accept my help, but you'll take his? He believes I'm innocent. Don't threaten me, Dick. You know you have just as much to lose as I do.   Come on, Nicole. I did everything you wanted me to do. I framed Arianna Hernandez, and now she's in jail. Doesn't that deserve some kind of reward? All getting a dime out of me.   Fine. I'm sick of you anyway. All right, wait, wait, wait, wait.   Yes, your highness? One more thing. This case against Arianna has to be air-tight, so we need to destroy any evidence linking you to the crime.   I'm not an idiot. And neither is my partner. Okay, well then, what about the wallets that you stole off the victims? Where are they?   You really should get out of here. I told you I'm not finished with him. Where are the wallets? Interesting. It's empty. But this has got to be the box Ciara was talking about. Where's the secret treasure? That is fantastic. No, thank you so much, Father Matt. Yeah. No, I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. All right. Bye. What was that about? we're getting married. I know. I know, but what you don't know is we're getting married tomorrow. Wow. When you said ASAP, you weren't kidding. What? What? Nothing. Really? Yeah. You sure? Uh-huh.   Cause generally the response to that kind of news is, uh, " Congratulations, " or " We're so happy for you. Yay. " Look, I'm just surprised. That's all. Come on, Carly. No, no. It's a little more than that. What? What's really going on? Uh, I really should get going.  Oh, no, no, please stay. It's your wedding night.  But it's the bride's duty to make everyone feel like they've had a lovely time at the wedding, and emphatically, you did not, so Auntie Viv to  Well, I have a vast array of resources right at my fingertips, so whatever it is you need to accomplish, whatever your goal is, just ask. My goal?  Yes. To get Carly out of your life for good. You know, something tells me that those tears have nothing to do with allergies. I'm I'm sorry. I wish you didn't have to see me like this. Oh, please, don't apologize. Everybody's entitled to a good cry every now and again. Somehow I don't believe Victor Kiriakis is much of a crier. Are you kidding? I just married Vivian. I'm sure there are lots of tears in my future. Listen, I hope I'm not overstepping, but, uh, maybe it would help to talk about it. It's your wedding night. So? So the usual tradition is the bride and the groom spend it together by now that there is nothing traditional about my marriage. But Vivian, um. doesn't she mind your being here? Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. Besides, I'm sure my blushing bride has found something else to occupy her time. I don't know what you mean.  You need to get Carly out of your life, and, well, I would do anything to help you. Just ask. I really should go.  Chloe. Chloe. Wait. Are you actually willing to let that woman ruin your happiness? Because if you do nothing, she will. Daniel, I I hope you know that I consider you to be one of my closest friends. I feel the same way. And if it wasn't for you, I would have no relationship with my daughter at all. You convinced her to give me a second chance, and I could never thank you me that, uh, many times, but what does this have to do with my marrying Chloe? I just feel like I owe it to you to be honest. Why do I get the feeling I'm not gon na like this? What? What? Do you have a problem with me marrying Chloe? Yeah, yeah, I do. I do. And you deserve to know why. I'm really sorry, Gabi, but Rafe is on some undercover assignment somewhere. And you don't know where he is? I talked to him on his cell phone. I reached him a couple days ago. I've been leaving him messages, and he hasn't called back. I don't know how I can help. You want me to try calling him again? Actually, if you really want to help, then maybe you can talk to your dad? I mean, he is the police commander, right didn't attack him. There has to be something he can do to get my sister out of jail. Hey, look, I'm sure my dad is doing everything that he can. So it's too much trouble for you to pick up the phone and ask? Please, Sami. Do it for Rafe. Look, I would do anything for Rafe and for his family. It's just that Oh, my God. You think Ari's guilty, don't you? Sighs I'll, um, leave you two alone to catch up, okay? Thank you. I do believe in you. I don't know how many times I got to tell you that. You doubted me. No. I saw the look in your eyes. I explained it to you. I was overwhelmed. I was trying to process the fact that the DNA came back as a match. I couldn't not one second, thought you were guilty, Ari. I wish I could believe that. You can. My God, you can. Look look at me. Don't push me away like this. No, you know what? Arianna. I can't do this. I don't have time for this. I need to focus on getting out of here. I can't go back to prison. I'm not letting you go back to prison. I will never let you go back to prison. Well, you know what? I appreciate your concern, but right now I need my lawyer. So please just leave us alone. Please.   Okay, I'm not an idiot, but my partner has the wallets. Well, tell her to get rid of them.   Telling her to do things doesn't always go over very well. Well, you better make damn sure that no one else Yes. Make absolutely sure she understands why there can not be any more attacks.   I think she understands that. Dick.   All right, listen, if my partner wants to go out and mug somebody, there's not much I can really do about it. Well, you better find a way, damn it.   It's not that easy. All right. You know what? I've had enough of this. You're gon na tell me who your partner is right now. See? I told you. God, she's making up stories again. Yeah, well, there is a box. Yeah, there's a box, but I don't know how it got there, and it's empty, obviously. She was so adamant that you were hiding some kind of treasure. Where would she come up with a story like that? I don't know. But between the lying and stealing to our daughter. Yeah, neither do I. But together, you know, we'll work this out. Hey, you've been under a lot of stress. Please don't do that. Do what? I know that you mean well. But I can't stand to hear the concern in your voice. Especially when it's directed to me. Hope, I care about you. Please, okay, see? That's exactly what I don't want to hear. We're not together anymore. You. you're with someone else now, and when you say things like that, it's just it's painful for me. Sorry. So let's just keep the conversation focused on our daughter. She's the one that needs help, okay?   These are my secrets now. I'm not worried about Carly.  Oh, I wouldn't want to handle that witch alone. And your Daniel and I will be just fine. I'm sure of it. Now excuse me.  No, you're not. You're scared to death. Thank God for that. Victor, I miss Mickey. Of course you do. It's, uh, more than that. I just I really don't know how to explain it. Try me. Should I come back later? No, we're done here. Good. So I managed to pull a few strings, and I got your arraignment moved up in court in about two hours. Oh. Wow, um, are you prepared with your arguments on such short notice? I'm completely prepared. Are you? Sure. Yeah. Um, I just need something presentable to wear. I'll go to your place. I'll pick up some clothes for you. Gabi can do it, Brady. I can do clear to you, I'm not giving up on you. Mm. You okay? Can you tell me what my chances are? Am I gon na get out on bail? I'm optimistic. Now, your priors are certainly gon na count against you. And the evidence is pretty convincing, circumstantial though it is. I know it looks bad, but I'm telling you I did not Hey, listen to me. You don't have to convince me, okay? I know you're innocent. It's just it's just that, you know, my hair and the fingerprints, it's very convenient, you know, that it was all found at the crime scene. It's like I've been set up, right? Yeah, that's certainly something we should think about, but not right now. For the time being, think it'd be best if you clear your mind of that idea. We what? Look, I've thought of another approach, something that may get you released immediately. And I'm not talking about just on bail, I'm talking for good.   Look, don't worry about my partner. She's she's a pro. Who is she?   I'm telling you, it doesn't matter. Let me worry about her, all right? You just stick to your end of the plan. I swear, Dick, you screw this up.   We're both in big trouble. I know. Okay, listen, I better split before somebody sees us together. Yeah. That's the first smart thing you've said all night. I'll keep in touch.   Uh-huh. Hey, Chloe, what are you doing out here? Hey, uh, just needed some air. Well, what's wrong, honey? Everything. Could you be a little more Daniel. You really need to get this. For the first time since I lost Rebecca, I don't hurt anymore. I don't. And for years I was bitter and alone. And I'll tell you what, I got to be honest with you. I didn't really care. Now, that woman, Chloe, has changed all that. She's made me realize that it is possible to feel again, to love again. Do you understand me? I love Chloe. Daniel, I do understand. That's what it's so hard to tell you what I'm about to. Wait, Chloe, um, what's going on? I did something really, really terrible. Chloe, nothing you could do will ever be as bad as what I've done. That's one of the benefits of being friends with me. I can never judge you. Well, and if I do, you can always tell I don't trust you, Nicole. It's just that. it hurts too much to talk about it, and. when my secret comes out, it's over. Daniel will never forgive me. Chloe, look, you're getting married any day now, and once you lock Daniel down in front of the priest and in front of God. he's not the kind of guy that's about to un-marry you. I guess getting married would solidify things, but my secret could still come out at any time. Then don't wait. Make this marriage happen right now. Daniel, the reason I'm concerned is. (Pager-beeps) You know what? I got to go. Go. I'll wait. No, don't bother ,' cause after this, I am going straight home to tell Chloe the good news about tomorrow. Oh, come on, listen to me. And I know you think I'm . I don't think that. I just And I know you are trying to help me, but you're not. You're not. Now, I am going to marry Chloe tomorrow. End of discussion. I didn't say Arianna is guilty. No, but that's what you think. Gabi And once Rafe finds out you refused to help his family, he will never forgive you, and it'll be about time he realized what kind of person you really are. Okay. These are the dates and times of all of the other assaults. Now, if we can find an alibi for you for just one of these, that would help your case enormously. I mean, I, like, don't even know what I did yesterday, okay? I I don't I don't keep a diary or anything. Think. Look, if you can find an alibi for one . We could maybe get these charges dropped altogether. You know, don't even don't even get your hopes up' cause, um. I got it. Ciara's supposed to have that sleepover at Mackenzie's, but if it's okay with her, I'm gon na have her come home with me, you know, so we can have some time together. Okay. Yeah, that, um. that's a good idea. You gon na be okay? Yeah, I'm just I'm just tired. I just. probably gon na turn in early tonight. Still reading that? Thought you finished it a long time ago. Yeah, I know. Can you believe it? I think I've reread the same page for the last ten minutes. Horrendously boring, but I'm determined to finish it. One of the great books, they say. Whoever " they " are. Stubborn as .   I'm ready. All right, sweetheart. You have everything you need?   Yep, it's all right here. (Knock-at-door) What do you want now? Daniel spoke to Father Matt. You two are getting married tomorrow. What? I know you've thought long and hard about how you're gon na tell Daniel the truth, but you're running out of time. Chloe, you have to talk to him. Tonight. How is it that you know my wedding date before I do? I ran into Daniel at the hospital, and he told me. He was so happy, Chloe. Oh, yeah, and you hate that, so you just have to ruin it. No, look, I pray the two of you work this out. Oh, give me a break. You don't pray. Why don't you just give this up, Carly? You said you would. this was none of my business, and then I talked to Kate, and Oh, what? What? She said that I'm a slut, or that I'm crazy? No, stop putting words in my mouth. I can't stand you. I don't blame you. But I'm not here to win friends. I really hope you understand I have your best interest at heart. And Daniel's. Will you please just go to hell? This is the last time I'll say it. Thank God. Please tell him. He loves you. And he'll be devastated at first, but in the end, maybe he'll forgive you. I truly hope he does. Yeah, right. I do. But he needs to be given that choice. Because if you don't, I will. Oh, my God. Nicole's right. I know what I have to do. sweetheart?   Good night. Good night, my love. I love you, baby. You have a wonderful, wonderful time. Sleep well. Call you tomorrow. Okay. Well, during the reception, I kept looking around the room, and it hit me. This had already been the second wedding I had been to since Mickey died. Life just keeps plugging along. More time that passes, the more often that I think, " Do I still remember? " The sound of his voice, or the touch of his hand in mine. No one's ever gon na forget Mickey. And then I look at Ciara and how fast she's growing up, and I wonder if she's ever gon na remember her Uncle Mickey in a few years. I mean, not just the way he looked, but all the wonderful things that he had accomplished, and. the lives. How many he had touched. You know . She was so young. She had touched so many people. I couldn't help but think how much more she could have done. I remember. You started the Toscano Foundation in her name, and Bella magazine. Oh, you did her proud, Victor. Well, thank you. I hope so. (Cell-phone-rings) Excuse me. Ah. What?  Victor, where the hell are you? Brady. You're back. Yeah. I'm, uh, look, I'm headed to the pub ,' cause I got to pick up some stuff for Arianna. How did your visit go? It went great. Went fine. Look, I got to go, okay? Wait, Brady, wait. Come on. You're upset. I can tell. Yeah, I'm upset. My fiance's in jail, and things aren't good. You can't lie to me. Don't lie to you. Things are very rough with Ari and I, okay? Well, I wouldn't take that too much to heart. Really? Why would you say something like that? Because, I've seen you two, and because Arianna's not an idiot. She couldn't possibly be angry with you. I mean, she's she's scared and she's afraid, but she loves you. And no matter what happens, Arianna will come back to you. She always does. The night that Justin was attacked, there's no way that I could have done it. Why? What were you doing? Um, it was the day after Brady and I got back from Santo Domingo. It was the day after we were supposed to be married. Yeah? Okay, um, Brady wrote this check to Nicole. He was trying to get her to leave town. Uh-huh. Yeah, good So I actually took the check, and I gave it to Nicole. That same night, I tracked her down at Java. So according to this this timeline here, there's no way I attacked Justin. I was with Nicole. That's odd. You don't believe me. No, no, no. No, sorry, no, I do believe you. Sighs But based on what you've just told me, Nicole could have come to your rescue at any time. But she didn't. I mean, despite all of her pleas on television. That means either she doesn't remember, or she does remember and she didn't do it. It's really refreshing to talk to someone who isn't blinded by Nicole's good intentions. Yes, believe me, I've long been cured of that unfortunate affliction. Well, that being said, I have to give her the benefit of the doubt here. until now, so I don't know why she would have. Hmm? Yeah, no, I suppose. Wait, where where are you going? Fact-checking mission. Don't worry. I'll be back before your arraignment. Okay. Uh, wait. Just before you go, I. I just wanted you to know that. this is, like, the first moment I have hope since they brought me in here, so I just thank you. I don't know how I can possibly thank you. Back in a bit. Okay. Well, I wish I could be as sure as you are. Brady, wait. Come on. Hey. Look. Ari knows how lucky she is to have you. She wouldn't give up on that kind of love. Not without a fight. Thank you. It can't be easy for you to say something like that. No, it who was an idiot, and you. you loved me, and I let you slip away. Nicole, don't And I now made you feel really uncomfortable, and I should have stopped while I was ahead. I'm sorry. You do make me smile. I should go. Hey, Brady, um, you know, I'll be at the Cheatin' Heart later if you just need a little pep talk, or anything. I'll see you. Please let Ari be stupid and stubborn for just a little while longer. Just long enough for her to be sent away to the big house. For good. Vivian, hold it. I'll take this outside. Uh, no, no. You stay here. I'll go check my email. Vivian?  Victor, where are you? I'm at Maggie Horton's.  Oh, what are you doing there? Come back. It you come home now. You demand nothing. After your behavior today, you're lucky I don't take that bridal veil of yours and strangle you with it.  You you can't mean that. No? Don't tempt me.  Victor, I I thought we could Good night, Vivian.  Victor Victor, don't hang up. Victor Damn you (Phone-clatters) Where's my honey? There you are. Hey. Hey. I have got the best surprise. These are for you. Oh, thank you. But that's not it. Well, what is it? I talked to Father Matt, and he can marry us tomorrow. Oh, my gosh. That's incredible. Yeah? Yeah. Come here. Okay, wait. Why, is it too soon? No, no, no, it's perfect. Although. some time to think, and you're not on duty tonight, and how often does that happen? And I didn't know when Father Matt would be available, so I made some calls, and I found the most wonderfully romantic place ever in Brookeville, and they do the flowers. They do the cake. They do the champagne. They do everything. Even the wedding night. So what do you say? We can become husband and wife tonight. Get out. Hey. Uh, Rafe, it's Sami. Um, obviously you're not checking your messages, but look. I really think you need to get in touch, because, um, your sister, Arianna, she's in trouble, and she needs you. And I. anyway, I'm hoping you'll call. Uh, talk soon. Isn't that a great idea? Nice surprise? It is a surpri it's amazing. It is. But us. Yeah, but it doesn't matter. And I want Melanie to be there. I mean, she and Philip are family now. So, I mean, it's great, but what? What is this about? Nothing. I'm just I'm really excited to get married. That's all. You are. You're glowing. And so am I. So am I. But you and Father Matt have been through so much, and now he's available, so what what's one more day to wait? You're right. It's great. It's a great idea. All right. I'm gon na go tell Melanie in person, okay? Okay. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Promise. Okay. I love you. Mm. Love you too. All right. Ugh. Get me out of here. Laughs Hey, Come here. Manners, little girl.   Hi, Carly. Sorry. No, don't be. How did things go with your errand? Oh, you know, we can talk about that later. I'm more concerned about Ciara. What happened after I left? Had a little talk with Hope. Apparently my daughter's been acting out a bit more than I knew, and it's taking its toll on her mom. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, me too. But tonight we've got some time to bond with my daughter, and Hope can relax and have some peace and quiet. Oh, hey. I'm glad I caught you. Oh, well, if you hadn't, you'd know where to find me. Um, so what are you doing here? I came here to check on you. I just wanted to know if there was anything I could do. someone's been looking out for me, so with any luck, I should get out of here tonight. Come on, Brady. Don't leave me hanging. I am so glad you. (Dramatic-note) Ni . Came. So what do you think? Oh, I think it's a wonderful idea, Victor. Mickey would be so honored to have a scholarship established in his name. Working with law students and mentoring and teaching and. oh, my. Those were some of his favorite things. Well, of course, we've got a lot of details to work out. Well, they can wait. I think I've kept you long enough tonight. Oh, come on. One more round of coffee. This is the most fun I've had all day. I don't want to lose you, Daniel. I have to find a way to stop Carly. I know that Vivian wants to do something awful gon na do? I am gon na call Ma, tell her what happened with Victor today, and, well, I've just been putting it off a little too long. Good luck with that. Thank you. Hey, Ciara. Um, your dad said that you were gon na pack some of your favorite stories. Why don't I read you one before bedtime, huh? What you got in there?   Leave them alone. They're my secrets. Up for some fun tonight?   What kind of fun? The best kind, of course.   I'm surprised to hear from you. You kind of disappeared on me. Then let's make up for lost time. I'm ready to do some serious damage, and I know just the place to go. So now that I have a good lawyer, hopefully it won't be too much longer before I get out of here. . Actually, Brady's not too happy about this. Why? Who's your lawyer? EJ didn't tell you. He's representing me now. Do you mind moving? You're in my way. I can't see the television with your big head. Sure. I just have one quick question for you, though, before I go. Sighs What? Well, I know what you did to Arianna. What I don't know is why.  If we work together, we can stop Carly from ruining your happiness. We are getting married tomorrow. No. And I think you are going back to prison. 
Well, you missed a great and glorious event.   I'm sure I did. Where's Mr. Kiriakis?  Oh, well. Scoffs Not here. He's with a friend. Chuckles On our wedding night.   I'm sorry to hear that.  Oh, don't be. The nuptials may not have been what I imagined, but the reception was not a total loss.  Well, I have a vast array of resources right at my fingertips, so whatever it is you need to accomplish, whatever your goal is, just ask. My goal?  Yes, to get Carly out of your life for good. Sighs It's your own damn fault, Carly. You leave me with no choice. Hey. And here's the two people I wanted to see. Hey, man, how you doing? What's up? Well, listen, big news Chloe and I are getting married. Well, actually we are getting married tomorrow. No Okay, just just, mom, please please just try to relax, okay? I have a really good lawyer. No, no, no, no, I-I don't want you to come here. No, please, please, look, um. Sighs Rafe is is out of town, and if you just suddenly showed up, then then Gabi would realize that things were really bad, and and she wouldn't be able to hold it together. Gasps Crying I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I'm disgracing the family, but I'm telling you that I am innocent. And my attorney, he's he's he's out building my case right now. I have a question for you, just a small thing. Sighs Okay. Why have you done what you're doing to Arianna? Chokes Oh. Laughs Oh, my goodness. Oh, you you remember that time I, uh I spilled the champagne on the airplane, and you were so nice about it, and I felt so stupid? Chuckles Sorry. I guess you don't remember anything fun about our marriage. Just answer the question, please. You're, uh. w-why? Have I done something to Ari? I mean, could you be a little more specific? What am I supposed to have done? You know full well what you've done. You're letting her rot in jail for something you know she didn't do. I'm gon na call Ma and tell her what happened with Victor today. I've put it off too long. Well, good luck with that. Yeah, thanks. Mm-hmm. So. Ciara, what's in your backpack?   You can't look. They're my secrets. I'm sorry, honey. I didn't mean wondering.   Stay away from me. (Cell-phone-rings)   Smacks lips Hello? Good, you're there. I was hoping I wouldn't have to chase you down.   Well, hello, there, lady. It's been a while. You kind of disappeared on me. Yes, well, I'm back now. It's time to do some serious damage, and I know just the place to start.   Serious damage? Meet me at pier 15 in five minutes.   Wait, wait. Um. this " serious damage " thing um, are we okay? Meet me. You'll find out. (Cell-phone-snaps-closed) Hmm. Kind of a big reaction, Melanie. Sorry. No, no need to apologize, although I would appreciate an explanation. Why? Why shouldn't Chloe and I get married tomorrow? Because. it's it not well, it's just fast. Okay,, but it's not like Chloe and I haven't been thinking about doing this for a long time now. Maybe you should think just a little bit longer. No. more delays. Chloe needs to do this. She needs a real commitment from me. And now she's gon na get it. And she's all for it. I am too.   May I ask what happened at the wedding reception?  Oh, it's not " what. " It's " who. " Chloe Lane. I don't know why exactly, and I don't really care, but she seems to think Carly is trying to ruin her life with Daniel.   So the timing's finally right?  Mm. (Cell-phone-rings)  Gasps The timing is perfect. Whispering It's Chloe. Normal voice Hello? Hello, Chloe? Yes, I-It's me.  Oh. I've been waiting for your call. Um, Vivian, uh if I'm gon na be happy and have a life with Daniel, then, um.  You're going to have to be a little more proactive. Yes. I need to take control and make sure that it happens, but, uh, I'm gon na need some help, and, uh, I was wondering if you would help me.  Chuckles  Oh, hi, Brady. Hey, Caroline.  What's up? Oh, I'm just taking some fresh clothes to Arianna for her arraignment.  Oh, poor kid. How's it going? It's. Sighs It's been rough. But it's not gon na be much longer ,' cause I'm gon na do whatever I have to do to get her out of there.  Oh, it's been rough on you too, obviously. You look like you could use some sleep. I'm tired, I am. I mean, 's been nuts.  Your. grandfather's wedding? Oh, uh, Caroline, you haven't heard, have you?  He Victor got married. Yeah, he he did, today. I-I just came back from the reception.  Oh, yes. Well. uh, who'd he marry? Vivian Alamain.  What? My God Hey, there, little one. Um, I can't find my phone oh. there it is. Were you hiding it? It was really my fault. Clears throat What's going on with you and Carly?   She was trying to see my secret treasures. Oh, the ones that are in your backpack? Yeah. Inhales deeply Those must be some pretty important treasures for you to get so upset. I know you're having a difficult time with this, but, uh, Carly is a really, really good friend of mine, and, three of us work together, you can become her friend too. What do you say? You want to work on that with us? Good. Thank you so much. Now. about this backpack. do you want to tell me what these secret treasures are? Hmm?   Why the hell didn't I leave this damn town when I had a chance? Sighs Hey, look, first of all, I want to apologize for oh, whoa uh, framing Hernandez. I specifically told you not to frame Arianna Hernandez, and you did it anyway? You know what that is? Betrayal. It can mark the end of a good partnership. Hey, I know that Arianna didn't attack anyone, okay? I guess you didn't see my piece. I went on air, and I defended her up and down the line. Very noble. Yeah, well, I do what I can. But it's just a against her. Well, see, the evidence against her is, um. unfortunate, but it's not overwhelming. Really? You don't think the D.A. has a strong case? No. Why? He has DNA. He does. He does have DNA. But she has an alibi for the night that Justin Kiriakis was attacked. Wow. That that's great. Uh, what alibi? I mean, is it someone who can testify? Yes. You're her alibi. Laughs Coughs nervously   Look, look. I know you're mad at me, okay? But framing the Hernandez girl is not really gon na screw anything up. Oh, no?   No. No, no, because once we take down another guy and and we swipe his cash, the girl's exonerated, right? I mean, the stupid cops, they just caught the wrong mugger no harm, no .   Sorry? That phase is complete. In fact, you and Nicole pulling that little scam having Arianna arrested that could be a nice little red herring for me, Doc.   Am I missing something here? Time to go after my real target.   Uh, okay. Who's that? Follow me, and you'll find out.   Sighs   Daddy, if I let you see my secrets. Then they won't be secrets anymore. Okay, I won't ask again.   No, it's okay. I'm going to show you. Oh.   But just you. Thank you. All right, let's see. There's nothing in that pocket. Is it in the other pocket? Huh? Let's see. (Knock-at-door) We'll come back to this, all right? Clears throat  Victor married Vivian Alamain How could you possibly well, how could you let that happen so upset. Uh, uh, can I get you something? You know, I always find that gin does the trick when I'm No, I'm sorry. I this is wrong. I shouldn't be here. It's your wedding night.  No, no, no. Victor's not even here. He's off with well. Mumbles Um, we have the whole place to ourselves. Uh, still, this is wrong. I should go.  No, you should be here. You need help, and " help " is my middle name. So you stop worrying, because if we work together, we can stop Carly from ruining your happiness. I do need to stop her somehow, but I don't know if coming here was the right thing to do. I should go.  Oh, no, no. Is it right for Carly to take what belongs to you? You know, before she don't know a romance born in heaven itself. We are perfect for each other.  Yes, you are. Sighs And it's like she's always there. She's always just trying to make things turn into something ugly.  Yes, now she's got her sights set on Daniel. She'll deny it, but she has. So. are you ready to save this man from this wretched woman? I think so, yeah. Yeah, I am.  Good. And happily, you won't be alone. I'll be there to guide you all the way. Uh. look, I'm I'm all for you and Chloe getting married. It's just really sudden, you know? And you why are you so hot for this to happen? Chloe is trying to concentrate on the future, being with your dad a new beginning, you know? Yeah, I know, but married. (Cell-phone-rings) Ah, damn, this is Taiwan. I got to take it. Yeah? You know. I get the feeling that something else is going on here. Why? Why are you really against my marrying Chloe?  You could've at least called. I did, Ma. You you didn't get my message?  No. I was Brady told me. How could you let Victor do something so idiotic? What are you t Ma, he's his own man. He does what he wants. You know that.  But to marry that awful woman? I mean, why in God's why would he marry her? I'm sure he had a good reason.  Name one. Clears throat I don't have any answers for you right now. I we just have to accept what he did.  No. No. Never. Groans Look, I'm . It's your life. You're my father. I want you to be happy. But just without any notice, it's tomorrow? I know. Okay, that would be my fault ,' cause once I got it into my head to push up the wedding, I got in touch with Father Matthew, and he found us an opening. Tomorrow? That is the only one he had. And Chloe's totally fine with this? Are you kidding me? She wanted to elope tonight. She wanted to get married tonight, and I had to convince Wait, wait, wait. You're getting you're getting married tomorrow, and she wanted to elope tonight? Mm. yeah. Yeah, why is that so surprising to you? Why? Look, she's anxious to marry me. She's excited, obviously. That's not that's not that is not being excited. That's 's gon na lose you between tonight and tomorrow? What's going on? Did Chloe do something that you're not telling me?  Chloe. we have a mutual enemy. Carly Manning hurt me terribly. Now she's trying to hurt you. Am I right? I'm sorry. I can't hurt Daniel again by keeping another secret from him. So you have a choice. You decide how you want him to find out from you or from me. I don't have a choice. She'll ruin everything.  Mm-hmm. That's what she lives for hurting others, taking away the people you love. But you leave the details to me. She's not going to win this time. How you doing? I'm optimistic, actually. EJ's out checking on a lead right now. What kind of lead? Something that could exonerate me. But, uh, that's all I can say about it to anyone, so. Anyone, including me. I'm sorry. You know, Ari, I. I hope you know that all I want is what's best for you, and I love you. I love you, and I know for a fact that you had nothing to do Sir. I let you in because of the clothes, but visiting hours are over. I'm gon na need to take those, please. Sure. Sir? (Door-opens) Yeah, I'll be I'll be right there. So I am Arianna's alibi wow. Chuckles That is weird. Isn't it? Hmm. It seems that at about the time Justin was being attacked, she was giving you a check of some description from Brady. I haven't quite established yet whether it's, uh, blackmail, services rendered. Hey, you son of a bitch, that . I'm quite sure Brady will remember writing it. So now all I need you to do is just corroborate that you received it. Yeah. I'll do anything I can to help. Good. So happy to hear that. I will also do anything I can to help, which not only means getting her off. but also means finding out who it was that attacked me. and finding out who set her up. See, I think that person's you, Nikki. And I think you are going back to prison. Melanie. trust me, please. I am happier than I have been in a very long time. I've got a daughter. who I love. and tomorrow I am gon na have a new wife. whom I adore. Okay. Okay? Okay. I just I really hope. What? That Chloe doesn't hurt you. She won't. It's not gon Chloe blow this. She just can't. I just don't know what to do to stop Carly. I mean, she's so strong and and so confident, and Daniel trusts her, and Bo trusts her.  Oh, I know. She's a formidable adversary, but she does have her weaknesses, her demons. Like what?  Well, for one thing, she has claustrophobia. Just a little bit of stress, and, well, she doesn't deal with that very well. You mean. like the story about how you buried her alive?  Oh, ancient history nobody cares about that. No, I was thinking about the time when I got her to take a specific elevator. She was trapped, and, well, it was just moments before she was dissolved into a puddle. So that's what you think I should do just get her into an elevator?  Ah, well, it with you. Uh, yes, I do.  Okay. Then I want you to put this number. into your phone. Whose number is it?  Let's just say it's someone who will help you give Carly exactly what she deserves. Scoffs Amazing. You are still hung up on thinking that I'm the one who attacked you and that you're gon na get me for framing Arianna wow. I know you, Nikki. I know you very well. Yeah, well, I know you too, and you are dead wrong about me. Am I? So tell me something how is it that you always seem to be right in the thick of all these mugging stories? I'm a reporter now. Laughing Sorry. Still kind of funny to me. I thought you were still in love with Brady. Yeah, so? He loves Ari. Right. Well, when has a See, the way I see it, this is very simple for you. You commit a crime. then you set her up to take the fall. Hey, I was with Brady when Roman was attacked. The police cleared me. Yes, and I've been thinking about that too. See, the way I remember things, when I was attacked, there was definitely an accomplice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was probably me. Probably. Yeah. There's only one problem with that, Sherlock. Whoever's doing this is a serial mugger always uses the same M.O. I have a solid alibi when Brady was attacked too. And if you're right about Arianna, then she's my alibi when Justin was attacked. But you know what? I'll check and get back to you about the dates. Well, who knows? You know what? Maybe I'll end up saving Arianna after all. But it . (Footsteps-departing) Grunts angrily EJ I am not gon na let you ruin this for me no way. Okay, well, the details are still in flux, but I'll call you first thing in the morning and, uh, let you know. How many people are gon na be there? Oh, just some some family, close friends. Brady's gon na be my best man, and here's the kicker. Philip, I'm hoping you'll walk Chloe down the aisle. Hmm? Hmm. I'll bet he can do that without falling, right? Chuckles Yeah. I mean, yeah, if that's what Chloe wants. It's what we both want. It makes sense, right? Considering how close you and Chloe are. Well, sure. Sure. Great. All right, well, you know what? I got to run. Uh, I'll call you in Congratulations. Thanks, man. Thank you. Hey, you're not upset with me that I think they should get married, are you? Don't be upset. No, no. I'm I'm glad, I'm glad. I just. maybe Daniel's right. Chloe's a little insecure. Maybe getting married will help her out. But? Mm. I just wish I knew what was bugging me, you know? Uh, it's it's not that it's happening so fast, not. really. I just I can't shake this feeling that she's gon na break his heart. Why would she do that? I mean, she is nuts. Daniel is everything to her, okay? Yeah, for now. You won't tell me whose number this is?  The man's name is irrelevant. It's probably an alias anyway. Just think of him as who's gon na be helping me, not you.  Ahh. Yes, but you see, I'm still a partner, a silent one. Okay.  Oh. excellent. Okay, so I'm gon na call this man, and then what happens?  Sighs Your only job is to see that Carly gets into the exact elevator at the exact time, and he will take care of the rest. So I get her into an elevator, and. will you stop being so damn cryptic? I'm not stupid, Vivian. I'm gon na trick Carly to get into some elevator, and then what? How is that gon na keep her away from Daniel?  I could wring his neck. Ma, come on, you got to let this go.  Since when do you get to tell me how to feel, huh? You should be as upset as I am. Clears throat  What well, you hiding? (Footsteps-on-stairs)   Look at your picture, Grandma.  Oh. Yeah, there it is. Wow. That looks great.  Oh, my, that's lovely.   Now we have to go bake cookies, Grandma. Come on.  Okay. A grandmother's work is never done. Yeah.   Okay, so where are we? What is this place? This place. is my home. Oh, I-I-I thought the visiting hours were over. Not for attorneys. So tell me. you saw Nicole. Um, does she remember meeting me? She does. Look, she's willing to back you up if she can check it out. Now, you're sure about this date. I'm absolutely sure. Okay, well, I think you may have an alibi, which means you could be home free. Oh, God, yes. That would be great. That you. Okay. Oh, great. Thank you. Thank you. Sighs Damn it. If Arianna gave me Brady's check the night Justin was attacked, then this whole frame-up was for nothing. Please tell me she got the dates wrong. Sighs And I think you are going back to prison. If EJ remembers seeing Baker and connects the dots, then Baker's gon na talk his fool head off, and I am dead meat. Sighs One step at a time, Nicole. The best offense is a good defense. So all I have to do is. find a good defense. Well, if you are not interested in Daniel, then what are you doing here? Why are you always poking your nose in our business? What the hell do you want from me? What I want all I want is for you to tell Daniel the truth. Hey. Hi. Um. about what I did I had no right to weigh in. Is this an apology? Yeah, if you'll accept it. What goes on between you and Chloe should stay between you and Chloe. Good. Thank you. You're your own man, and you're a good man. And if you still want to have an early wedding with Chloe, then so be it. That's still what I want. Great. So when do you tell the bride-to-be? I already told her.  Chloe. surely I don't need to spell out all the details. Vivian, you keep talking in all these vague generalities. I need something concrete.  You came to me. right? Surely you know that I'm not a lightweight when it comes to making things happen. Yeah, but what things? Look, I have to make sure that Carly can't she's out to ruin my life, and I have to stop, it'll make her miserable, but what else? What else could it p oh. O-oh, that. That man isn't just gon na stall the elevator, is he?  No. He's going to do what needs to be done. Can we agree on something? Neither one of us knows what's going to happen to anyone. Yeah, I know, including Daniel and Chloe. Right. So why don't we wish them luck and let them go be happy? Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've turned into this crazy. Scoffs I don't know. Just one thing, though. What? Look me in the eye and swear on your li on my life that you think that Chloe's right for my dad. So Chloe knows about the wedding? Yeah. And she agreed to it? Ye well, of course. Yeah what what did she say? Well, after the initial shock, uh Wasn't there something that she wanted t-to tell you? Well, actually, the next thing she said was, um. that we should elope tonight. Chuckles So when Carly gets into that elevator.  She won't have a simple case of traumatic claustrophobia. Well, I mean, you said you wanted a more permanent solution, n'est-ce pas? And that man I'm gon na call?  Oh, just think of him as a new, dear friend. And, um, what exactly is he gon na do to Carly in that elevator?  Well, he's going to turn the elevator into an express and send it straight to hell. Oh, God. Oh, God.  Well, Chloe. this is what you have to do to get what you need, and just think about it. When it's over, you so I could be out of here right after my arraignment. If Nicole comes through and she tells the truth about the check, which is hard for her to deny because there's a date on it. hey. What's wrong. Oh. She wouldn't lie about this. would she? I mean, I know that she went on television. She told everyone that I'm innocent. Okay, look. we both know what Nicole says and what she does are two completely different things. Right. Okay? She has an agenda. She always does. That was why I took the case, because I know she's involved. Okay. We just have to wait till we find out how involved she is, and then we work out how best to proceed. Okay. (Cell-phone-ringing) Ah. Oh. Hey, what's up? Story on D.A. Woods why? Yeah, I know he was attacked., no one gives a damn anymore, not to mention the guy is a pompous bore. I don't care. I don't care if he's coming to the pub, okay? No one's gon na want to see an interview with that jerk, so forget it. No, I'm I'm not gon na waste my. Clears throat time. Look, uh, I got to go, and I will check in later. So. the D.A .' s coming to the pub, huh? Hey, how you doing? Oh, hey, Brady, hi. Um. Um, what? What? I'm, uh, I'm glad you actually came by, because. I have good news. I think I-I found a way we can exonerate Arianna. What? My husband is inside this house. My house. So is my child.   Look, I didn't realize that you had, carrying around a massive bag of hate. My husband he. he still lives here. with someone else. Sighs In my house.   So you broke up? No, he le he left me. traded me in for a newer model.   So now you're taking it out on the other guys? But who were they, really? Honestly, I mean, who were they? Substitutes, stand-ins.   For your husband. For Bo.   Bo. you mean Bo Brady, police commissioner? Yes. That's exactly who I mean. He turned on me, and.   Daddy, I'm ready to show you my secret treasures now. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, that little devil she has them. But- I am marrying Chloe, and there is nothing you can say about it. You're asking me to kill her. Time to say good-bye to my life 
Sighs My God, would you put a sock in it? You're not the only one in the world with problems, you know.  Oh, thank God you're here. Now I'll tell you how to get me out. Get you out? Now, what in the world would make you think that I would want to get you out?  Whimpers You know where Brady is now? Lexie said that he was at the hospital visiting with Arianna, but he left before she passed. So he doesn't know yet. I don't think so, no. Well, that's not good. He's not doing well. Damn, he's back with Nicole. " Not doing well " hardly catches it. You worried he might start using again? Damn drugs. Yeah. Damn drugs. I'm sorry, Bo, I. Nah. I was over to see Hope the other day. Very briefly. Mostly just talked Yeah. Good. I'm not sure she thought it was so good. Hey, Lee. Haven't seen you for a while.   Guess we've been on different shifts. I've been looking for you.   Yeah? Yeah, I wanted to ask you about April.   April? The girl who had the emergency appendectomy. The one who died?   Oh, right, right. I'm sorry. I guess I forgot her name. It's like people have forgotten about her altogether.   Oh, I wouldn't say that. You know, I thought there was supposed to be an investigation.   I guess, uh. Have you heard anything about it?   No. Has there even been one? Or do they just kick it around and lose it? Hmm?   If they said there's gon na be one, there's gon na be one. Doesn't But no one's even talked to me. I'm the one who was with her. I know how bad off she was.   Okay, fine. Look, I'll finish this. I want you to go down to records and pick up the files on the new inmates. Okay.   And grab yourself a cup of coffee. No hurry. I'm good. Okay. Thanks.   You better get down here right away. Hope Brady's asking all kinds of questions again. Crying Here. Happy now? So what makes you think right now that I'm just going to pop the top off this thing without, um well, how should I put this? Without finding out what's in it for me?  I told you. You'll get revenge on Victor and Nicole. Well, I guess you haven't heard, but we're all friends now. Fact, we all go to the Kate. You and I have a couple of things in common. One thing is we never forget, and the other is we never You are absolutely right, Vivian. I do not forgive. A young woman just died. Does that mean nothing to you? She died, Samantha, trying to make sure that justice was served and that I got my children back. Oh, right, I forgot. It's all about you, isn't it? Everything is always about you, EJ. People living, people dying, it all just comes back to you. I'm just stating a fact. How about the fact that you were using her? All this time you were just using her, turning her against her brother. You don't feel guilty at all that you had her thinking that there was something real between the two of you when you were just using her to get back at. to answer your insulting question, and horrified about her loss. Oh, because you're such a wonderful, compassionate person. She had her whole life ahead of her, EJ, and now it's over. Right. Maybe you are sad and horrified, Samantha, but I know you. You are hoping against hope that whatever evidence she had that incriminated you in my shooting is gone. Whatever proof she had died with her. You won't. get away with this. You know. You know what it is she has, don't you? I'm not doing this. Oh, yes, you will, Samantha. You tell me. You're kidding, right? If it were true, why would I tell you anything?   Cause if you don't, I'll just find out from Will. So you think there was an investigation into April's death, and we just don't know about it?   This place is could be months and months before there's a report or anything. That's exactly what bad cops do when they're trying to hide something slow the whole system down.   You act like somebody's trying to cover something up. I didn't say that. I just think if there had a been a mistake or a corner cut, the warden would want to know about it. Warden-Smith I'd want to know about what, Hope? I was just talking to Lee about when April died. If something went wrong. Warden-Smith Well, clearly something did. The poor girl died. Don't you want to know why? Hope is concerned about Ciara visiting her, but I thought it was good for Ciara to be able to visualize where her mom is. She should visualize her mother at home, where she belongs. Victor, come on. Look, I just don't understand you and Hope. I mean, you right now? Look, if Nicole can walk away from what she did, then that nitwit governor can pardon Hope as well. That's not what she wants. I don't care what she wants. Tomorrow morning I am calling our esteemed governor. I'm gon na interrupt his golf game and tell him Titan News is doing an expose on the drug company that ruined Hope's life. And just how much money they contributed to his campaign. She doesn't want a pardon or you pulling strings. Can't you see? She wants to go this alone. And whose fault is that, she wants to go this alone? Oh, uh, that would be mine. The same as global warming, the recession, your high blood pressure. Bo, she defers to you. You know damn well she does. If you'd pushed her a little harder, she would have looked at things differently. Oh, and why would daughter was traumatized because her mom's going to prison, I wasn't really all that motivated, now was I? Maybe you're still teed off at what she tried to do to you before. Yeah, right, and I think you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Or maybe I do. Maybe I just hit a nerve. That's why you're so damn mad. You know, I love these personal talks that we have. I feel so much better afterwards. Doesn't matter how you feel, Bo. Your family is in big, big trouble, and you've got to do something about it. I hate it when you're right. Really, Vivian, I think the irony is just staggering that the one person who discovered your plight actually loathes you more than the person who put you in here.  Kate, please, I'm begging. Could I ask you a question can ask you a question. How silly of me. I mean, you're here in this box. I mean, really, I could do anything I wanted to you. You're really at my mercy.  I wish people didn't enjoy this so much. Okay, so the question is, Isabella's sarcophagus, why is it outfitted with air vents and multimedia capabilities? You know, I have a feeling you were up to your dirty old tricks when the nasty old tables were turned on you. In fact, I'm actually thinking that you're the one who outfitted this coffin. But who was your intended victim, Vivian? Oh, we're not talking anymore? Well, sorry. So sorry to intrude.  Oh, please don't go. All right, I'll tell you. Maggie has been throwing herself at Victor. I just wanted to teach her a lesson. Ah. So if throwing yourself at Victor merits a premature burial Because from where I stand, you're getting off damn easy. You keep Will out of it. He knows the truth. And he knows that Arianna, she wanted the truth to be known. And the biggest problem that you have is he's not like you. He has a conscience, Samantha, and that boy is in hell right now. And you know what? I don't think he's gon na be able to tow the Brady party line on this one. He's gon na crack, and I'm gon na apply a little bit. Get away from her. Get away from her No, no, Will, it's okay. Just get out. I'm sorry. Now. Do what he says, EJ. I'm sorry. I am. See what I mean? Warden-Smith I do know why she died. We contracted an independent investigation. It confirmed April died of septic time it took to even get her into surgery? I was with her. That girl was in agony. Warden-Smith I know that must have been very hard on you. No, no, no, I'm not thinking about me. Warden-Smith But in the end, the delay really wasn't the issue. I'll show you. This really isn't standard operating procedure. But I'm, uh, hoping that letting you read this will give you some peace of mind. As you can see for yourself, there's nothing anyone could have done for the poor girl.  I should have known you wouldn't let this be easy. You know, you do have a real problem, because you need help, yet everyone who knows you hates you, and, I mean, the chances of someone wandering in here to help you, well, they're not very high.  Okay, Kate. We've had our ups and downs. Ups egg. You tried to steal my son. If you had had your way, I would have been the one who drank the poison in that plane.  Oh, cry me a river. You tried to kill Chloe and you got away Scott free. I've got to stop doing that. What I'm saying is that you do understand when you suddenly have to kind of deal with something outside the box. Outside the box? Ah. Outside the box. You know, the truth is you are never going to be able to think outside the box again, because, literally, Vivian, you are inside the box. No thinking outside the box. Not for you anymore.  Okay, I get it. Okay? I got it. It's very funny. Very funny. People hate me. And they think I'm getting what I deserve. All right. Let's just do it. Make me mad. Make me crazy. Make me dead me off. I'm really surprised to be saying this, but I'm actually starting to feel a little bit sorry for you. Wait a minute. April was cremated? Already? Warden-Smith Well, those were her wishes. It says so right there. You're right. That is what it says. (Cell-phone-rings) Warden-Smith Yes? Oh, yes, that'll be okay. Mm-hmm. Your husband's here.  I knew you were a good person. Oh, stop mewling. How do I how do I do this?  Oh, thank you. There's a lever. On the left side of the coffin, under the lid. Just press it. Okay. Think I see it. Victor Kiriakis, you and your family are going to pay dearly for what you've done to me. Kate, what the hell are you doing here? Did you know that Arianna was a registered organ donor? . There's a 15-year-old girl in ICU. She won't make it without a heart transplant. Arianna's a match.   How do you know that? She just died. Well, we ran a cross section after she coded the first time.   Without telling us? Gabby, I was praying to God that I would not have to have this conversation with you. Well, if Ari's a registered donor, why are you having this conversation? Because I felt the ultimate decision should be her family's.   I I can't talk to my mother about this on the phone. We have to wait till she gets here. Honey, we're not gon na wait.   What? Listen, you and I both know it's what Arianna would want. She would want this little girl to live.   But to take her heart out of her body. Well, don't think about that part. Just think time. With Ari's heart. Think about how much she loved life. Thank you.  Sighs She's gone? Yeah.  I know how much. I know how much you cared for her, and. I'm sorry. She was tough, you know? She kept on fighting. Right up till the end.  Did you. I mean, did you get a chance to talk to her? I mean, did she tell you some of the proofs that she had? They wouldn't let me near her.  Cretins. Father, you'd have done exactly the same thing. I now know two things. One, it was Samantha who shot me. And I know that both her and William know. whatever proof it was that Arianna has, they know what it is.  Sighs Well. perhaps. we can, uh, persuade Samantha to share with us. Tried that. Nobody's breaking. Certainly not the milk toast his father is.  Well, he's like Katherine. The cojones have skipped a generation. With the results that now. I don't think I'll ever get Arianna's proof.  Don't throw in the towel yet, all right? Because I think I can help you with this. Is Ciara okay? Yeah, Ciara's fine. Ciara's fine. Your family. Well, what happened? Everything okay? What are you doing here? I've got some bad news. And I wanted to deliver it myself. Arianna Hernandez was a victim of a hit and run. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, um. she died about an hour ago. Oh, my God. I wrote her a letter. Asking her to forgive me. Yeah. She talked to me about that. She told me that she knew it was the medication, that you weren't yourself, She forgave me? Yeah. Now it's time for you to forgive yourself. Kate, I asked you a question. What are you doing here?  Tell him you're here to pay your respects to Isabella. Kate, are you all right? Actually, no, I'm not.  Kate, what the hell are you doing? Look, Will, I think maybe you should go visit your dad for a while. What? You think I would leave the country? Look, you've been through enough in your life already. More than enough. Your life's been a walk through the park. This isn't about me. It's about what's best for you. I'm not running away. And you know me better than to think that I would. Yeah, I do. I couldn't live with myself if I didn't help you. If I wasn't call down to ICU and tell' em to start prepping my patient. Right away. Hey. I just wanted to say thank you for thinking about someone else at such a sad time. I'm so sorry for your loss.   I can't watch this.  You may not know this about me, but I have a very suspicious nature. Really?  Really. See, I I never trusted Arianna. As a matter of fact when Mitch told me she went directly from here to her brother, I thought for sure that she betrayed you to him. She did not.  No, right, but it's a good thing that I thought that way. See, when they took you in for questioning, I still had her followed. And?  Well, I don't know. I have not heard yet. But we followed her right to the accident. What?  Mm. That means Father, thank God for your suspicious mind. So the girl, she's 15? We're not supposed to know her name, but Lexie says she's a good kid. Real athlete. You know, even with a bad heart. Which is kind of funny, because when Ari was young, she was a real tomboy too, so. seems like it's meant to be. Maybe there's some good that can come out of all of this. You're an amazing man. In spite of everything that you're going through, you're still thinking about other people. I can only imagine how difficult this must be for you. Actually, it wasn't that hard. It was weird while Lexie was explaining everything. I just. I pictured the parents. Everything they're going through, how they would be. making deals with God and pleading. I can just see their face when they heard the good news, that maybe she was . Rafe. No, no, no, no, no. I just I, uh. I need to be strong through all this. I need to be there for Gabby. You are strong for her. No. You have been strong for everybody your whole life. It's okay. It's okay. I loved her, you know? I did. She was a good kid. She was. she would just get these ideas in her head, and then she. she wouldn't let' em go. For whatever reason, she could never see who EJ really was. Is. You know he came into her room? That guy, he's. I don't know what I'm gon na do next time I see him.  What did he say? She went back to her brother's place, and then she left.  And? Apparently she gave your guy the slip. So now Thank you for coming here to tell me about Arianna in person. Does it change the way I feel about myself or about what I did? Hope, come on. Bo, please. I don't want to talk about that right now, okay? There are other things. Other things? Remember that girl I told you about? April. The one who died. Yeah, they they botched the operation. I don't know what happened in that operating room, but my every instinct is telling me there's a cover-up going on. Okay. Something is wrong. Kate, you look a little peaked. Why don't I take you up to the house and get you a brandy?  Do it. Then leave and come back later. No, I'm not going anywhere. Oh, good God. That's right. I know your dirty little secret. She was get her a doctor. It was like they were letting her die. Incompetence is not a crime. But covering it up is. Bo, I'm telling you, that investigation totally whitewashed that and everything else that happened. They didn't even do an autopsy, and they already cremated her. And if I so much as ask a question, they get really nervous. Okay. I'll look into it. No, no, no. No, it's okay. I'll handle it. It's not like you're on the inside like me. Hope, come on. I do not like where this is going. You, Victor, have a problem. Surely you're not upset at my giving Vivian a taste of her own medicine. Oh, God, no.  Hey. But the thing is, I know that you didn't put her in here. I know that it was Brady. she says. Brady told me himself. Oh, of course. Brady felt compelled to share with you, you being so close and all. No, because I overheard him pouring out his heart to the soon to be departed Arianna. I mean, what did you think I did? I just popped in here to see what was going on? I had ten minutes free, " Wonder what's going on at the Kiriakis mausoleum "? No. I knew I was gon na find something, and I found something beyond my wildest dreams. That bitch in there put Brady's mother's body in a pet cemetery. When he found that out, along with what she planned to do to Maggie Horton, a person that he loves, well, he just lost it. He shoved her in the coffin, and then didn't know how to get out of it. Well, I do feel for the boy, and I think his motivations were point. The point being? The point being your one weakness is your progeny. Especially your boys. You know, I really think that your softest spot is for your weakest one. Brady is not weak. Victor, come on, I could blow him out of the water right now. Which means I think I have you by the. light of the silvery moon. It's it's my good luck dollar. So here you go. Okay, well. I was glad to help you. You tried to return the favor. By God, you will. Hey, your sister. Hey.   I talked to Mom. Yeah?   I wasn't gon na tell her on the phone, but she already knew. Oh, God. Is she okay? What'd she say? That was awful. But Gabby didn't start crying till after she hung up. I'm glad she was. I don't think that she'll ever forgive me. Why should she? Hey, hey, don't worry. Look, Will, it's not your fault. If anyone's to blame, it's me. No, Mom, it's not your fault. I stand by what I said. What I said from the beginning. All of this goes back to EJ. And get over the idea that you were making me do anything, because I hate that guy. And I'll do whatever the hell it takes to stop him. All right. Well, then be prepared for a fight, because one thing we've learned about EJ DiMera is that he does not give up. He's going to keep searching. He's going to search through everything Arianna's ever touched until he finds that camera. We have to. when you saw her outside the pub, she had just come from the loft, right? As do you think there's any chance that that camera is in her room? Hope, you're obsessing. A girl died. This could be an isolated incident. Or it could be part of a pattern of neglect. What if I could stop something like this from happening to somebody else? Okay. I know I'm not gon na be able to talk you out of this. That never works. But will you do me one favor? Depends what it is. If something else happens, you let me know. You do not try to handle it on your own. You're getting into very dangerous water here. You're not a cop in this place, so you're not protected. How much?  Don't listen to him. Think about how much you hate him and how wonderful it'll be to see his life crumble around him. Do you really think you could get me to leave Vivian  Stop laughing. This is not funny. What do you say we go over to the house and talk terms over a snifter? Oh, God. Well, not if it's that Greek treacle that you pass off as brandy. I still have some of that Vsop that you like so much. Really? Oh, my God. Victor, do you remember the night of that blizzard? Oh, how can I ever forget?  Damn. Brandy sounds really good about now.   Two seconds after this picture was taken, we were fighting again. Well, a minute after that, you guys were laughing.   I can't. I can't think about waking up tomorrow, knowing that she's gone. She's not. She's just with us all the time now.   I wish I could believe that. We have to. We have to.  Did you find anything? Um, 'm gon na find some proof. Somewhere.  What is it? I just. keep thinking about the last time I spoke to her.  Mm. She called me. She told me she had something she wanted to show me and that I had to go and meet her down the pub, and I got there as quickly as I could. I just. I'm trying to work out how long she was there waiting for me. Okay, think about it. Did you see Arianna get to the pub? No. She was already there. She was waiting outside when we got there. Outside? Yeah, and she looked like she was waiting for somebody. EJ, I think. Right. Right, I think so too. But we don't know how long she was there. I mean, she might have had time to go up to her room and hide the camera before you ever got there. get to Arianna's room before EJ does. What'd you need to talk to me about? On the next " Days of Our Lives "  Carly. Don't you think it haunts me every day? I'm leaving. Hey. Hey, EJ, stop it. Samantha, you give that to me 
Hey. You made it. Yeah, look who else is here. Hey, Sid. Well, it's the most beautiful girl in the world, huh? Sidney, this is a nice surprise, huh? Hey, cuteness. Barks Hi. Yeah, just get back to me as soon as possible. All right, thanks. Hey, Kay.  Bo, thank you for coming. Yeah. What'd you need to talk to me about?  Carly. What do you want? I had to see you. I know this is a really hard time for you, sweetie Not right now. Please, I can't right now. Can you just go? Here we are on our second day of our two-day break from the hospital. Mm-hmm. What to do, what to do? Chuckles Just' cause we're not at the hospital doesn't mean we can't play doctor. I knew you dirty minds think alike. Mmm. Oh, my God, we got ta go say good-bye to your mom and Joe before they leave. No, there's no rush ; they're with Adrian. They're not leaving till tonight. Okay, good. I just, uh. I have something important I have to do before they leave. Yeah? What's that? Well. why don't we go somewhere and find out? Where are we going? Wouldn't you like to know? Come on. Go. Get your coat. Okay. Go on. All right. Bad time? Philip, hey. No, it's cool. Can I Stephanie around? Why? What's up? No, I know you guys weren't at the hospital yesterday, so you probably don't know that Arianna Hernandez died last night. What? Oh, my God. Oh, Hey Don't even think about calling Melanie, not after everything you've done to her. Sighs EJ. You know, you gave us quite a scare. I had to tell you. What is it you have to tell me? I have the proof. Now all I have to do is find it. What is that? This is proof, Sami. proof that you shot EJ, in your words. What's the big deal, Sami? Just. find the camera. I mean, it's just your whole life and your kid's life at stake here, right? Where the hell could it be? I just want you to go, please. I heard you, okay? I will, I will. I just want to say that I'm sorry. About what happened to Arianna. I know the two of you are close, and. I'm here I don't want to talk to you. What? I just was I was hoping. that, you know, something like this, losing a friend. Say it That it would make you realize that we need to love and cherish each other while we can. I do realize that. I know that. It's just. I want to love and cherish people that I trust. You know, that don't lie to me. Chloe's carrying Daniel's baby. Why would either one of us want to ruin what's now a family? We wouldn't, obviously. It's just, the thing is, the reason I can't forgive you. Go on. I I know that, even if Daniel wasn't the father, you still would have kept your mouth shut. What about Carly?  Bo, I know that the two of you fell in love many years ago, and is this going?  When Steve and I got back together after many years of being apart, we realized that we were very different people. Time changes people. This isn't. breaking news.  Do you really know who Carly is now? I mean, what's in her heart and in her mind. What she's really capable of. Where is it? (Cell-phone-ringing) Hey. Hey, honey. Are you at Arianna's? Yeah. Yeah. I just got here a couple minutes ago. Did you find anything? Uh, no. Not yet. Sighs I'm sorry, Mom. What? I hate that Arianna's body's being taken to a funeral home, and now you have to. I hate it too. I do ; I mean, I hate that I am here looking through her stuff. right now. But she recorded that conversation. She recorded me confessing, and I to find it, and, look, I have to go. Let me just look, and I'll talk to you later, okay? Mom. Oh, my God. Well, this is a coincidence, isn't it, running into you like this?  Coincidence? Uh, didn't I tell you yesterday? We'd be back in the park if the weather was nice. Yeah, I know. now that you mention it, I do remember you saying that, yep.  So here we are. Yeah, and here you are. Sidney, I am so happy to see you, cute. Laughs  She really likes you. You think so?  Oh, for sure. She is totally smiling with her eyes. Those big, beautiful eyes.  I bet you want to go to the playground now, right? Yeah? Okay, come on. Come on. Oh, you okay, I tripped the other day. I fell right on my arm. Okay, well, don't put any pressure on it. I can take her to the playground if you like.  Oh, really ?' Cause that'd be great. Thanks. Hey, you wan na go on the swing? Gasps Or how' bout the slide? Zzb, zzb, zzb .' Cause I bet you're big enough now, huh, Sid?  She's kind of heavy, huh? No. No, not at all. I I could hold her all day long. Yeah. No, you're wrong. If the baby wasn't Daniel's, I was absolutely going to tell him that. So you say. You really think I would let your father raise another man's child, thinking it was his? Yes, I do. Chloe and I had an agreement, okay? If the paternity either she was gon na tell him or I would. You can ask Chloe if you don't believe me, Melanie. Can I? Can I go ask Chloe? Because that would just make me feel so much better. Except, um, I don't believe a word that comes out of her mouth Of course. And you're determined to see me in the worst possible light, so, you know what? There really is no point in having this conversation, right? Right? I'll go, I'll go. Go Can, um, can I ask you a question? Yes Does Bo know. about Chloe's indiscretions? Does he know what you've been doing? That you've been lying to Daniel? I mean, for months. I guess not. Ma told you I went to see Hope last night, didn't she?  Well, it's not like it's a secret, . But that's why you're talking to me about Carly right now.  I just know you. You you could never abandon Hope. Of course not. Of course not. She's the mother of my children. I will always help her and support her in any way I can.  Only for your kids. Oh, come on, Kay.  What about you? Isn't Hope important to you? Yeah, Kay, she. you know what? You have to accept reality. Carly is my future. Nothing you can say will change that.  That's where you're wrong. Breathes excitedly This has to be it. Where'd you put the key? Clanking Damn it All right, well. who cares about the key? I'll break it later. Okay. Okay, let me get something straight. Now I can't call Melanie? Haven't you caused enough damage? a close friend, for God's sake. Yeah, well, so have you Because Melanie is not your friend anymore, you understand me? Not since you made her lie to her own father. I did not make her do any Philip, this was her choice. She didn't have a choice. Not after you opened your big mouth. All right, yeah. You're right, you know what? I made Chloe cheat on her fianc too, fine. You didn't make her do anything. You know, it's your fault that you didn't mind your own damn business. Oh, no. Don't you dare put this on Nathan. This isn't his fault, and you know it. We both do. Sniffles Yeah, I I've, uh, I've kept things from Bo. And you and Daniel and everyone, like you said, because I was trying to do the it was the best thing to do, and I was trying to cause the least amount of damage. Because you're so noble. You know what? Everything I have done was in the interest of protecting the people that I love. You're a saint, Mom. I'm not a saint But I've always put your happiness and your father's happiness before my own. Why ?' Cause you feel guilty for everything that happened to me when I was born? Yes You haven't made anything better. You haven't made anything right. Don't you think I know that, sweetheart? Don't you think it haunts me every second of every day? I'm getting pretty tired of your lectures.  I am just trying to point out how clueless you are. I'm doing the best I can. Trying to make a future for my daughter and myself. And I know that you and together forever hate that that future is with Carly. But I would think that you, of all people, would know that I would never turn my back on Hope. I will do whatever I can to support and help her. Ciara will see her mother. as much as possible. Hope. will always be. a part of my life. A part of my heart. So, please. don't diminish that. (Cell-phone-ringing) Excuse me, I have to take this. Hello?  Scoffs EJ. Samantha. What are you doing here? Rafe called me. The family wants Arianna's rosary. They asked me to. come get it, so I did. Well, see you later. I don't think so. Let's have a little chat. Did you know that I have two pictures of you on my nightstand? Did you know that? Yep, one when you were just a little, tiny baby, when everything changed. Exhales I miss you so much, munchkin. More than you'll ever know.  Hey, I, uh, I think maybe I should take her back now.  What in the world do you think you are doing? You knew. Chloe cheated on me? My God, how could you not tell me? You? You let me marry her. I I I I. I didn't know what to do. I don't I don't want to hurt you, I didn't want to hurt you, Dad. I I promise. It's just I knew how much you loved Chloe. I didn't want to ruin that for you. I'm sorry I didn't. please say something to me. Sobbing Please. I'm so I'm sorry I'm I Daddy Dad, please, Dad I Dad  Carly. Hey,  Leaving soon. Well, um, maybe, uh, we could get together, you, Bo, and I. We could have some dinner or something.  Well, leaving soon, I meant tonight. Oh, that's a shame.  Talk about a shame. I beg your pardon?  How do you live with yourself? Get out of my way. You're not looking for a rosary, Samantha. That's a bloody lie. I don't have to listen to this. Show me. What? The rosary. No. What the hell have you been doing here? I told you. You did not turn this place upside down looking for a rosary. Call Rafe, if you don't believe me. Oh, I'll call Rafe. That's a good idea. I'm sure he'll tell me the truth, you know. I think Rafe you, without me asking stupid, petty questions? I'm leaving. No, you're hey Hey Give it let go What is that? Stop it You come over here and accuse Nathan? Babe, it's fine. He has had nothing but Melanie's best interests at heart. If he wants to talk to her and offer her condolences, he should be able to do that, and he will. You you don't You know what? If Philip think that we're gon na say anything about Chloe, then you're an idiot. All that we want is for Daniel and Chloe to be happy. Nothing else matters. Everyone can have everything that they want if they we just let each other be happy. Are we good here? Yeah. Good. Great. There's nothing else to be said, Philip. Scoffs Uggh with that guy. Shh. What? Why are you shushing me? Did I do something wrong? Steph. What? There is so much more to say ; a lot more. How do I live with myself? That wouldn't be a rhetorical question, would it?  No, it's a real one. Gotcha, okay. This is about Bo and the fact that you hate that he and I are together, and he and Hope were meant to be together forever and ever and ever and ever, like a fairy tale, and live happily ever after.  Well, they do have children together. They are a family. I got that But they were apart before we got involved. And I hate the fact that Hope is in prison. I hate it. But it's not Bo's fault. It's not my fault. And who Bo decides to love and spend his life with is not 'll see you later.  I need an ally. That's what I need. I just  Enough, enough. Kinsey, will you take the baby home?  Yes, Mrs. Brady.  I'm going to talk to you about this later. You understand?  Well, she tricked me, Mrs. Brady.  Oh, not now. Please, later. Look, we I just we just ran into each other.  Oh, the hell you did. You planned this, didn't you? Mrs. Brady, I think you're blowing this way out of proportion, I  Look, Nicole DiMera. You're never to touch that baby again, or go anywhere near her Is that understood? Never again Hey. Hi. Something's wrong. What happened? You mean, besides my best friend dying? Yeah. I'm sorry. Carly have to say? Nothing. She didn't really stay very long. Hmm. I don't understand you. You're the only person that's really been there for me since the beginning. I don't need Carly Manning trying to make everything right. I just need. Anything. Name it. I was thinking about Arianna. And how sweet she was and how. she had the biggest heart of anybody I've ever known. Well, you two had that in common. But then I was I was thinking, what if she had regrets? About what? Anything. Everything. I don't. I'm not sure I understand. Um, I was thinking about about my mom, and how she's lied to me since the moment I met her. Uh. Uh, it made me think about, what if you had regrets. right at the last moment of your life? No. No. Are you supposed to be at work right now? Uh, you know, I You should go back to work. I'm I'll be fine. I just kind of want to be alone for a little bit. Oh, okay. (Rattles) What's this? A box, genius. It has the rosary inside. Really? Let's see, shall we? No. Hey EJ, stop it No Hey You It's mine Give it to me Aah Let go Give it back Get off me (Both-grunting) What what is Where's the rosary? The rosary Huh? I don't know. Go to hell. Hey, you come back Sighs Oh, Daddy. Come here, baby. Come on. Hey. It's okay. I talked to Lexi sorry. Yeah. It feels weird. It just feels. she was so beautiful and sweet and. none of this is making sense. No. No, no. It doesn't. Arianna always made me feel like I was so important to her. You were. I should have hung out with her more. I should have gone out to dinner with her more. I should have helped her more. Instead, I was just so wrapped up in my own life. No, no, no. Do not beat yourself up, please. Think Arianna knew how much she meant to you. I hope so. She did. She did. Tried to reach Chloe about it, but she wasn't answering her phone, so. No? No, but I I left her a message, you know, to call me about it. Oh, sweetheart. Hey, come on. Hey, hey. Look to comfort you. But I'm sure this has been painful. And I just wish that. that I was here for you. No. No? No, you you're always there for me. It's about time somebody was there for you.  Hey, Mom.  Oh, Kayla. You're always a sight for sore eyes.  Is everything all right?  Oh. not really. I I just saw Nicole with Sidney in the park.  What?  Well, I have a new waitress, Kinsey, and she was babysitting.  For the last time, I'm sure.  No more babysitting for her. But, well, she's a really hard worker, so I'm going to keep her at the pub, but. I have to talk give her a stern talk about that.  Well, it's just so irresponsible of her. Does Sami know?  No. I tell her, because she finds out that Nicole was holding her daughter, she's gon na go ballistic.  I'm sure she will.  Yeah, well, she I mean, I have to tell her at some point.  Yeah, it's so hard to know what to do in a situation like this, especially when.  When what?  When you know that it's a secret that should probably be kept.  Honey, what's wrong?  Mama, I I'm just going crazy. I'm about to destroy Bo's life, and there's really no way around it. Thought I'd find you here. Gave you a call, but it went straight to voicemail. Everything okay? No, it's not. Nicole. Hey. Yay, you're back Hi. How was New York? How was the honeymoon? Oh, it was great. We saw a bunch Saw a concert in Central Park. Awesome. Where's Daniel? Uh, he went to go see Melanie. on his own. Right. So what's up with you? Anything new? Actually. everything's new. What does that mean? Well, I finally realized what I have to have if I'm ever going to be happy. And what's that? Sidney. I I had this perfect romantic place picked out for us today, and and what you just did, I can't wait anymore. I need to do this now. I need to do this right now. Do what? I know where this is going. So what? You want to depress me, is that it? Depress you? I'm trying to wake you up. Sidney isn't yours. Chloe, she still loves me. Even the babysitter noticed it. I do . Sami's and EJ's Okay. Keep your voice down. Please promise me you're not gon na do anything crazy again, all right? You need to stop thinking like this. I promise. Okay? Promise. I will come to my senses. I was. temporary insanity. What? I'm serious, Chloe. It's fine. Look, you just came back from your honeymoon, not to mention you're about to be a mom. Why are you focusing on my stupid life? You should be floating on cloud nine. Yeah, except it's not even close to the truth, sad to say. Chloe. please stop being so negative. I'm not, I'm being realistic, Nicole. I know that Daniel and I just got back from our honeymoon. We're about to have a baby. And I know I should be happy, because I am so lucky. But then there's Melanie. give you that. Annoying? She's worse than annoying. She's dangerous. She could destroy my life with just a few choice words. She could ruin everything for me.  Whispering Let's go over here a second.  What. what do you mean that you could. ruin Bo's life? What do you what does that mean?  Okay, listen. What I'm about to tell you, it has to stay between the two of us, all right?  Yes, of course.  Well, Chloe's baby. I learned that Daniel might not be the father.  What?  But there was a paternity test that proves that he is.  Uh, wait. No, wait, wait. He may not be the father, but there's a test that proves he is? What kind of sense is that? And what. has it got to do with you ruining Bo's life?  I believe  How would you know that?  I can't really tell you.  Well, maybe you can tell me why it matters so much to you and what it has to do with you ruining Bo's life.  Carly switched the results. And because of her, Daniel and Chloe believe that that baby. is his.  You believe Carly switched the tests?  Yes, and given everything that Bo has gone through with Hope, well, I just, you know. when Carly's actions come to light, I mean, not only could he his job end. But it could ruin him emotionally.  Well, yes, yes, it could, yes.  And as terrible as those consequences may be, I know now more than ever that my instincts are right. I have got to tell Bo.  Oh  What Carly did needs to be made public for everybody's sake.  Kayla, no, no.  You are need to do this. I need to tell Bo, for his sake.  No, Kayla, you don't I am so lucky to have you in my life. You're amazing. I whether we're having picnics in the park or mimosas on the beach or taking a hot air balloon ride, it. I'm always smiling. I realize that my happiest days are the days that I spend with you. You're my first thought in the morning. my last thought at night. I never want my time with you to end. Exhales Gasps Stephanie Johnson. will. you. marry. me? Have you seen your sister today, by any chance? Yeah, I have. Mm-hmm. How'd she seem to you? Tense, and I assume you saw her too. Oh, I did, I did. And I realize that nothing's gon na change. Kayla thinks I broke up for it. She'll never accept us as a couple.  I told you, you're not gon na stop me.  She didn't do it.  What?  The test results saying that Daniel was the father when he's not, it's. Carly didn't switch the results.  How could you know that? About time someone was there for me? You always are. Chloe is. Sweetheart, you are the one who lost a friend here. Yeah, but you could. I could what? You could lose a lot too. Okay, Melanie, what are you talking about? I'm talking about you and Chloe. And I keep going back and forth trying to decide if I should tell you this or not, but I have to tell you this. I have to tell you the truth about everything. Honey, Melanie made her decision. She's going to let you and, but she didn't. Yeah, well, maybe she'll regret that. Will you stop being so paranoid? She is not going to tell Daniel about your little, ahem, infidelity. Yeah, well, all I can do is hope and pray that she doesn't. But you, on the other hand, you and this Sidney thing, that's something you can control. Talk about abruptly changing the subject. Because you can let it go, like you did before. And I promised I would, didn't I? Yeah, but I didn't believe you. Sighs Sidney was mine, once. And I loved her. With all my heart. You know what? Why don't you just leave me alone, Chloe, okay? Nicole. Please. go away. But you're upset. Yes, I'm upset Because you're supposed to be my best friend, and you get? Crying Sidney will always be a part of me. I held her in my arms from the moment she was born, and I have tried to suppress those feelings, but I can't do it anymore So you can you can call me crazy and deluded, and you can judge me until you're blue in the face, but it won't happen. I don't know how, and I don't know when, but I swear to you, I will get her back. Uhh Right Not here. Okay. All right, from the way Samantha acted, she didn't find it. Come on, Arianna, what is it? What have you got? Where the hell is it? Mom. Wasted trip. So, what, EJ just showed up out of nowhere? He has a way of doing that. How did you know that? You. told me on the phone on, God. That's how frazzled I am. Look at me. God. So nothing? No, absolutely nothing. And, believe me, if that camera had been in Arianna's room, I would have found it. Hmm. What are you thinking? What if it. doesn't matter? What? I mean, maybe the person who has the camera never watched what was on it. Or maybe they didn't know how to use it, and they erased the video. Or they lost the camera entirely. I mean, who knows? Maybe we'll never have to see the video again. Scoffs On the next " Days of Our Lives "  So why don't you just tell me? Why are you lying to me? I've ruined everything. Prepare to burn in hell, Vivian.  Oh, no 
Gabi thinks he's just frustrated, and confused, and impatient, and that he just hasn't recovered yet. But you think. Well, I mean, I think all that too. You know, obviously he's frustrated. But I don't know. There's something else going on too. Like I said, he's not Rafe. He's a stranger, and one I don't like very much. Sighs Exhales Maggie? Nice to hear from you. Sighs Maggie, it is you, isn't it? Mm, yes, it's me. Well, what can I do for you? Nothing Heh. Well, that went well. That went well.   Gasps Barcelona? Yeah, of course, I would love to go to Barcelona.   Well, they have a ton of great hostels there. Hmm.   Hey, Chad. Whoo I, um. yeah, I. do you, uh, I'm gon na grab some air. Did you really just say I should be ashamed of myself?  That's right. I love being judged by what's the term a petty thief.  I would do anything or steal anything to figure out who killed my sister. But you, you say you were her friend, and you did nothing. I know what you're thinking. And that would be? That I'm a fair-weather wife, that I can't stand by my man, that the second Rafe has problems I'm backing out. Sami, no, I think that's what you're thinking. I think you feel guilty and that you need to accept all these changes that are happening to Rafe. Well, aren't I supposed to do that? No, you're not supposed to do that. Okay, if you're this concerned and upset, there's probably a that I've already done, then I'm gon na throw in a few new ones for good measure. How's that? Listen to me. You love him. You want what's best for him. Which tells me I think you're right. Something is wrong. Sighs Rafe 2 Oh, man. Ugh. How the hell am I gon na get out of this one? Here.   I can't quite figure out why the Salem U Web Site should totally freak him out. Exhales I am so sorry. I know that was weird.   What's going on? Well, I'm behind on my tuition, right, so I went online to check out my late fees, and they were already paid.   Oh What a nice surprise. Oh, it gets better than that. And I think I know who did it.   And that's what freaked you out? Mm-hmm. find the hit-and-run driver that killed Arianna?  You should be ashamed to keep saying you were her friend when you weren't. Living your fat, rich life like nothing ever happened. Have you ever heard of an organization called the police? You know, where your brother works where her brother worked? So, I didn't make like Nancy Drew. That means she wasn't my friend? She never even mentioned you. I guess she wouldn't have wanted anybody to know she had an arrogant, judgmental son of a bitch for a brother Of course I feel guilty. He keeps telling me that I'm putting pressure on him, trying to make him be someone he's not. Look, I don't know him that well, but that doesn't sound like him to me either. I just wan na rule out that there isn't a medical problem, okay? And if I don't see anything on his next MRI, there's paperwork for that, too, so we're gon na need his signature again. Look, thank you. Dr. Manning, thank you for taking me seriously. Sami, I do. And you know what? You got ta know that I'm not gon na give up. I'm not gon na stop until I get Rafe back. for real. Come with me. Come on. Yeah. (Door-opens)  Exhales What the hell have you done now? (Phone-ringing) Hello. I, uh, think we were cut off. Um. I hung up on you. You called me, and then you hung up on me. I think you're conflicted. Okay, a hint this would be a really good time for you not to be a smart elec. Well, Maggie, it's nice to hear from you. Sighs Whispering Are you sure about this? Oh, I was you would like to join me at Chez Rouge for lunch. Well, that sounds very nice. Good .' Cause I have someone I'd like you to meet. Exhales Well, thank you so much. Um, I'm gon na have to think about it, but I'll get back to you soon, I promise. Thank you. Mm-hmm, bye. Good news? Well, flattering news at least. Uh, the Seattle Opera Company just offered me a role in their next production. Oh, that's great When do you have to leave? Uh, they want me there next week. Chloe, I'm so happy for you. I'm gon na miss you, but you totally deserve this. Well, is it a good part? It's a great role. But I'm not gon na do it. I can't. Not to worry. I won't bother No, the guy I thought was my dad, the esteemed District Attorney Woods. What an idiot I am   You thought he paid your tuition? Like the man has any human impulses. Like, even if he did forgive me, which I know he won't, he never spent a dime on me.   Hmm. Fathers. Yeah, well, I really love how his moral stances always seem to end up saving him money.   Chuckles " You're a bad person, so I get to keep all the dough. "   Uh, please don't distract me while I gaze into my navel and blog about it. Laughs You get it, don't you?   Oh, yeah. I get it.  What is it about you and your need to attack me? I guess that's my reaction to smug and dumb.  Yeah, I'm crazy about you too. Look. I know how I so, I have I have some idea of what it felt like for you to lose your sister. But what I don't understand is why you feel like you need to take it out on me.  Not only you. On anyone who didn't do anything about the guy who killed her. Nobody killed her. It was an accident. She ran into the street.  And he he runs her over and then just drives off? He has to pay. Police are looking for him.  They're doing nothing. She worked for them. Her brother's a cop, and he's doing nothing. They're doing nothing. Then this is a conversation you need to have with him. I feel kind of guilty, uh, encouraging you to run more tests, since I know Rafe doesn't want to do more tests. Well, then don't go behind his back. Talk to him. I'll talk 's what's good for him. Okay. Okay. Sighs Sami, hey. Hey, uh, Gabi, uh, I need to talk to you about something. Oh. Is Dario in trouble again? No. No, it's not about Dario. It's, uh, Rafe. Look, I I don't know how to say this, so, um, he had a seizure. Um, he's here. He's at the hospital. Rafe 2 Well, I had to do something. Hernandez's brother showed up, and Sami went behind my back and invited him to stay at my place. Made me mad.  So, you are in the hospital because you got mad. Rafe 2 Uh. I threw a coffee cup against the wall, and I had to justify what I did, so I kind of, uh.  Kind of what? Rafe 2 Pretended Well, it gets worse. The doctor who's taking care of Rafe knows Rafe, and she knows stuff that neither you nor EJ told me about.  I heard that doctor talking to Samantha, and she said that there's something wrong with you. You are not acting like you usually do. Rafe 2 Okay. So, what do we do now?  We pull the plug on the whole operation. Rafe 2 Oh, no.  Excuse me? Rafe 2 I said no. That is not an option. You're turning it down? Seattle Opera. You're always raving about their productions. Well, yeah, they're wonderful, but. Parker. Chloe, I'd bring him to visit you all the time. I know, but I don't wan na visit my son. I wan na raise him. Well. what if Child Services decides not to let you have him after all? It wouldn't be for nothing. Philip, I promised you that I wasn't going anywhere, but I didn't just make that promise to you. I made it to him too. I am never leaving him ever again.  I'm not talking to my brother about this because there's no point in it. He doesn't care. You know what? You're right. You're the only one that cares. You're the only one who's grieving, you're the one with all the answers. I guess when Rafe fell apart at her memorial, that was fake, right? We tried to keep it together for your guys' sister. That was fake too. Laughs And you know what? When Rafe made the decision to give Arianna's heart to a dying girl, that must've been pretty easy since she didn't matter to him, right? But you know all this. You know all this, except except you I should've been. Things would've been a hell of a lot different if if I were. And that's somebody else's fault, right? It's not that you're the mistake of the family, or that you're so wrapped up in yourself and whatever's going on in your life that you didn't care about Arianna. She was nothing to you when she was alive, but dead, you're the man, right? You know what else. Dario? Those of us that were there had to deal with feeling helpless. But not you. You had to go steal a bunch of jewelry and then point your finger at everybody else, and to me, that makes you so much worse than the rest of us. Well, I solved that mystery. I called the Bursar's office, and they said that I won a scholarship.   That's great Oh, it's better than that. It's freaking unbelievable tell you what I won. See, it's a special scholarship, because you don't have to apply for it. It's not for any particular field of study, there aren't any academic considerations. And apparently, the only requirement is that you were sired by Stefano DiMera.   Oh. I just won the Stefano DiMera Scholarship for Illegitimate Studies. Great.   Well, I guess that kind of means he's ready to be your dad. But it slides over the question of whether or not I'm ready to be his son.   You think there are strings attached? Oh, with him? How could that be?   But he did try and do it anonymously. And didn't he cover his tracks well. I knew it was him in, like, three minutes, all right? He wants me to know it was him. Puts the ball in my court.   You sound mad. I just. I feel, you're going to turn it down. Well, I want to. I just don't like him thinking people are for sale.   Well, I'm sticking my nose in your business, so here it goes. Before you do anything, why don't you talk to him? Make sure you know what's really going on.  Don't you ever, ever use the imperative with me. Don't you ever tell me what my options are. Rafe 2 Uh, I I just meant that, uh, the seizure the seizure thing worked. Uh, it did. It's it's gon na be okay.  It did not. I heard Samantha talking to the doctor, all right? Now, she is getting closer and closer to the truth. So, the longer we go on with this, the more risk there is. Rafe 2 Then we'll just wait till I have a clean bill of health telling ya, you give me a week, Sami will be begging for that divorce.  No, no, no, no, no, no. Your seizure did not work. All it did was make things worse. All right, look. Let me put this in language that you understand. You screwed up big time. And anybody who works for me and screws up, they pay. Rafe 2 Well, I'll fix it. Uh, I I can make this better. I promise.  How do I know that? Rafe 2 Because I know how to take care of Sami. So now you're throwing things? Rafe 2 Whatever. I'm never gon na be the guy that you want me to be, so why don't you just face it? Leave me the hell alone. Great. What's gon na happen when I tell him he needs more tests? Your soup and sandwich combo. Enjoy. to be a very good year. This table is set for two. This is a private dining room. Yes, it is. You said you wanted me to meet someone. I did. Damn it, Maggie, this is lunch under false pretenses. I said I wanted to come down here and have lunch with you, not some stupid fix-up. Victor, what I'm I am not lonely. I do not need luncheon companions, and I certainly don't need to make small talk with some old dame about her precious Lhasa Apso and her last trip to the malls of America. Don't you ever shut up ever? The person I wanted you to meet. was me. Philip, it means the world to me that you let me have some alone time with him this morning, that you trust me. You know I do. And you can stay with me and my family as long as you . Seriously, I I need to prove to the Social Worker and to myself that I can take care of myself and the baby. on my own. But you're not on your own. I'm here. I know that. I really do. But I I've got ta change. I I can't float through life like I've been doing. I've got ta get a job so that I can stay here in Salem and spend quality time with Parker. Any ideas? Mm-hmm. I'll give voice lessons. I already posted an ad online, and I put a flyer up at Salem U's music department. Good for you. Well, what I need to be is good for him.  You know exactly how to handle Samantha? Rafe 2 Laughs Yeah, that's right. I mean, she may have that dweeb husband of hers under her thumb, but not me, this guy What?  She's gotten to you too. Rafe 2 Well. Laughs As if. Come on, I'd never have anything to do with a woman like that.  Mm, that's exactly what Elvis says when he's not in a relationship with her. Now, you listen to me, all right? You are here to follow my orders. All right? Rafe 2 Okay.  Now, you do not improvise or anything like that. And above all, don't try to best her. Just follow my orders. Rafe 2 Okay.  All right, now, look, I've got to go. Exhales Don't fight the tests, mm? Rafe 2 All right.  Just do exactly what Hernandez would do.  You know, why don't you just go? There's no point in talking to you anyway. Telling me to go. That's code for I'm right.  the hospital. He's had some kind of seizure.  What? Yeah, Sami just called me. I'm on the way to the hospital right now.  Okay, okay, I'll be right down. What's wrong?  None of your business. (Door-slams-shut) Rafe 2 Hey. What, am I dying? You guys look pretty grim. No, uh, no. It just, um, Dr. Manning and I were talking, and, well, we wan na run something by you, but I just know it's probably gon na make you angry, and. Rafe 2 Well, just say it. Sighs Okay, Dr. Manning and I, we. I wan na repeat some of the tests that we've already done, and then I want to do a few more. And I agree with her, and I hope you do too. Rafe 2 Sami. I need to talk na wash the deck. So, we're going to have lunch. and you wanted me to meet you, although I thought I already had. And you aren't going to talk. It's hard. Clears throat Try. Sighs Remember when you got me out of the sarcophagus? Vaguely. Clears throat Well, I realized today that you've been trying to do that all year. I-I don't understand. When Mickey died, I wanted to go with him. or at least lie down and just give up. And you simply wouldn't let me. You kept pulling me back into life. out of the damn coffin. You did that all by yourself, all on your own. All I did was watch. I'm not that person anymore. And more than anyone in this world. I think you have a right to know that. I appreciate your meeting me here. Mm-hmm I did. Sighs I read them, and, uh, well. Is there a problem? Yeah, there is.  So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit? Thought I'd swing by and share some good news with you.  Uh-huh. I was just awarded a scholarship.  Well, that is good news. Mm-hmm.  You know, we must never underestimate how important an education is in these difficult times. Is that why you set it up?  Chuckles You think I am behind this, huh? You bought my mother. Maybe you wan na try and buy me.  Exhales I can understand why you might want to provoke me, but I think that we should respect your mother's memory. She did earn it. You're right. I just wan na know what this. scholarship entails. I mean, what am I signing up for if I take it school about that? It's not gon na be like one of those ROTC programs, is it? I'm not gon na owe the DiMera family a couple years of service after I graduate.  Laughs Oh, I like that you think like your mother, and you have her shrewd mind. Laughs Well, anyway. Clears throat Humor me, hmm? Let's finish our conversation over a game of chess. Ah, well, you think that's gon na bond us, make us more like father and son?  No. What it is going to do is to make you know exactly who you are dealing with here. You're mad, aren't you? You're mad because you don't wan na do more tests, but, Rafe Rafe 2 No, Sami, Sami, Sami. The tests? Whatever you think is best. That's not what I wanted to talk about. I wanted to say. I'mn't know why I lost it. Uh, I hate that, and I hate that I can't remember what happened. Why you need to take more tests. Rafe 2 Whatever you think is best. I don't know why I freaked out on you so much about my brother. Why I got so mad about you offering him a place to stay, for him to come live with us. I should've thanked you. For making a huge decision without consulting you? You're welcome. Rafe 2 Laughs See, that's that's a joke. I like that. We've gotten way too serious. Oh, Sami. I'm scared. I don't know why I freak out all the time. Rafe, we're gon na find a way to fix it, okay? Rafe 2 Okay. We're gon na figure out what's wrong, and we're gon na fix it. Rafe 2 I known't being completely honest? You were right. When I said you weren't being completely honest, I was being a condescending jerk. Well, that's true. Remember being young and stupid? Oh Like it was yesterday. Some boy smiles and. all common sense just flies out the window. Some redhead turns you down, you don't sleep for a week. Around you. I feel young and stupid. and mixed up, and angry, and happy, and scared, and curious. I can't help it. Around you, I feel alive Laughs Mickey would be so furious with me if I turned my back on that. Are are you saying It's hard to fend you off, Victor. I've tried. I-I-I think this lunch was my way of saying. that I'm giving up trying. Well, aren't you gon na say anything? I can't. You ca Look, Chloe, I know you expect me to say this as Daniel's attorney, but I really mean it. Daniel's offer is very generous. I mean, there's not a judge in the world that would give you more. I don't want more money from Daniel. I don't want any. Oh. I didn't expect that. I ruined his life. I don't wan na take money from him. Okay. Well, I'll tell him what you said, but I think he'll insist on providing some sort of support for you. Well, tell him that I'll just give the money away to charity or something. Look, he was a really wonderful husband, and I put him through hell. I just I think it's better if we have a clean break and we both just have a fresh start. Are you sure you don't wan na take some time to think about stand on my own. for Parker's sake. You've gotten so big Melanie. it's not too late. You can still be a part of his life. It is too late. Um, that's, uh, why I wanted to see you. We have to move on with the divorce. So. are we bonding yet?  I think that's up to you. But, you know. Clears throat We could play this game more often. As a matter of fact, if you move in here, we could play it anytime you feel like it. And if I say no?  That's your decision. Maybe the scholarship people can afford to get you a dorm room. Well, you would know. Sighs Actually, I thought I'd lose the scholarship if I didn't move in.  Hmm. That would be manipulation. Hey, I deplore manipulation. Oh, yeah., when you move in here, I wan na make sure that it is your choice, completely your choice. Mm. When?  I usually get my way in the end. Really? Checkmate.  Chuckles Hey, what did the doctor say? Is he okay? Yeah. Hi. He's awake, he's fine, he's talking, but, um, you know, the doctor wants to run some more tests.  Look, Sami, I'm really sorry for freaking him out. You know, just just tell him I'll move out, okay? No, Dario, it's okay. He doesn't even remember getting upset. And now he's calm. We talked about it, and he's really okay with you staying.  Wait, he- he doesn't remember? That's really weird. Yeah. And I think that's why Dr. Manning wants to run more tests. around, right? She just wants to be sure, so she's gon na run the tests again.  What if they don't find anything this time? What then? I don't wan na think about that. Victor? Do you need a handkerchief? Laughs No. No, I'm happy. Well, what you said makes me happy, and I don't give a damn if if I'm a little emotional about it. Laughs Right. A nice person wouldn't needle me. No, she wouldn't. And you can trust me. I won't tell Brady or Philip, uh, Henderson and Kate. that you aren't really as tough as you seem. You really enjoy torturing me, don't you? I do I really do. Laughs I'm so happy, too, Victor I like looking forward, wondering what's gon na happen. Well, I can We are going to have fun Laughs I think you're right I think this deserves a toast, don't you think? Well, if this doesn't, nothing does. Oh Thank you. To Maggie Horton, woman of my dreams. Um, no, Victor. Don't toast me. To us. and the future. I, um, hope you don't mind me saying this, but after everything you've been through. you seem in. good shape. And I'm glad. Thank you. Well, Philip has been a huge help. Philip? Yeah. I guess he is the one person in the world who understood how awful I felt. I mean, he screwed up almost as badly as I did. And he loves Melanie as much as I love Daniel. Sighs I won't make this harder for you by trying to change your mind. Thank you. . You're not gon na fight the divorce? Un-uh. No, it's whatever you want. And I hope one day you'll be happy again with someone who loves you as you deserve to be loved. I want that for you too.  Congratulations Well played, well played. I knew I was gon na win when you took my pawn on the third move.  Really? You knew I was gon na win before I even sat down.  You can't be too sure of that. You said playing against you, I'll find out who I'm up against. And I did. You are a formidable opponent.  As are you. And you are gon na be a wonderful addition to this family. Chuckles You're still convinced you're gon na win in the long run.  Chad. you are family. You are a DiMera, no matter how much you try to deny it., guys. I guess Sami told you. I don't know why I acted the way I did. And maybe the tests will tell us why, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me talking. I'm glad you're here. And, uh, and you're my bro. I want you to stay with us. So, once again, everything looks like it's back to normal. But it's not. And I know it's not. Something is off. I'm not gon na rest until I get Rafe back. On the next " Days of our Lives " Okay, Rafe, what the hell's going on with you? What? No, that can't be right. So far you've acted like a total Kiriakis. There's a really strange discrepancy. Discrepancy?  She knows that something is off. I'm really sorry. 
Okay, so I told Allie that her brother Johnny went to the museum today and saw dinosaurs.  Tell her which one. Okay. Velociraptor? How' bout that one? That seemed to be your favorite. You were most interested in that one, right?  Yeah, that one. That one. You can spell that? I'm texting. Who spells?  And tell Allie about Aunt Taylor. What about her?  Like how pretty she is. Oh, you think she's pretty, huh?  Yeah, don't you, Daddy? You stopped texting. What are you thinking about? Hmm? Yeah, honey. What are you thinking about? It's pretty severe. Given Titan's shortfalls, I don't see any other way. Okay, I'm with you on the budget cuts, but the layoffs. Brady, some of these people have been with the company for years. I know that. I ta do it. Well, I know where you should start. Hmm? Fire me. Oh, look at you. Still keeping busy. Busy as a bee, hey. Yeah. You volunteering at the hospital now? Yes. Were you looking for me? I am. I have a proposition for you.  So our friend is settling down with no problems?  He's pretty amiable these days.  And, uh, you're keeping a close eye on him, right? I mean, no signs of recognition on his part, is there?  No. But I'll keep you posted.  There's no need. The only time you call me is if there's a problem.  Yes, sir.  There had better not be any problems.  Yes, sir. Where am I?  A mental ward. Why?  Because you can't remember who gon na get better?  Not on my watch. I think it's awesome that you were able to mend fences with Dario like that. I know Gabi's really happy, too. Rafe 2 Yeah, it was cool of him not to hold a grudge. I know it wasn't like you to get that upset. I mean, family means so much to you. Rafe 2 Right. And maybe the tests that Dr. Manning is running will help us find out why you're acting so out of character. Hi. I got the preliminary test results. Rafe 2 Lemme guess. Found nothing. Actually, I-I did find something wrong. Something very wrong, indeed. You know, I was just trying to think about how best to describe Aunt Taylor to Allie. I'm not very good at describing people.  She's pretty. Well, we already said that. Anything else? She " and fun. love, Johnny. " There we go. Here, Johnny. Do you want to pop balloons?  I'm on level six. Level six. Oh, my goodness. Sydney, I'm gon na switch with you real quick. Here you go, whoo Bump This way, you two can share colors easier. How' bout that, huh? Now. Here you go, honey. Uh. do you notice, um. do you notice. how often you do that? I'm sorry, how often I do what? Change the subject when we talk about Taylor. Can you tell me why you still. don't like her? I don't know. Can you tell me why she still doesn't like me? Well, because you're. abrupt and arrogant and bossy, and I get why she doesn't like you. But she's so sweet. What is this thing you don't have a thing. I'm sorry, can you do me a favor? Could you take her to the restroom? She's fidgeting the way she does when she needs to go. You really don't want to talk about her, do you? Th-there's nothing to talk about. Come on, sweetheart. Come on. Sighs How you doing there? Let's see. Ah. Wow. Those balloons don't stand much of a chance, do they?  I forgot something I wanted to tell Allie. What's that?  How I can fight now. Rafe taught me how. Did he?  He is so cool. You really think so?  Even cooler than he used to be. Text Allie. Tell her how fun Rafe is. When I got these results, I went and pulled the results of the blood work that you had done when you were brought into the hospital after the 's there's a really strange discrepancy. Discrepancy? Yeah, Rafe, I know Sami has told me that she's noticed some behavioral changes in you. I think maybe now I know why. You tell me. You're my doctor. Is my heart strong enough for a proposition? I haven't had one in a while. Oh, I'm pretty sure that you can handle this. Uh, I was just talking to Lexie. She said there's a job opening in the Hospital PR Department. Now, I have my reservations, but she seems to think that you're the perfect candidate. Well, you know what? She may be right. But your " perfect candidate " has no experience in pr. Yeah, that's right. Ah, you're just a journalist, so you never Hey, I know it's hard to believe these days, but journalism and PR are not supposed to be the running for public office. You don't have to spin anything. It's just getting information out there that could end up helping people. Helping people. Okay, that that's what this is about. This is you and Lexie trying to help help poor little Jennifer muddle through her screwed-up life, right? No. What? Don't do me favors. You put my heart back in the right place, and that's all I need from you. Thank you. All right, all right. So you're just gon na go on candy striping, turn the job down flat. You know, you could help the hospital more by just doing something important for us. You know what? Is this because I'm a Horton? No. It's' cause Lexie thinks you're tenacious. I seem to think that you're a pain in the butt. Whatever works. So what do you say? So what lower than the last time you were tested. Now, this isn't my area of expertise, but in general, hypoglycemia can cause mood swings, irritability, memory loss, and maybe even seizures. Rafe 2 So that's what you think this is? The hypo-whatever? I think it could be part of it, yes. So from now on, small, frequent meals, high protein, low carbs. Oh, my God. You okay? It's just so nice to have a diagnosis. You know, something we can really point to for all of this. And now I know I'm not hallucinating. Rafe 2 Well, nothin' like, uh, gettin' a prescription to eat more, right? I want to prescribe to you, though, an anti-anxiety medication. It's a common complication of post-traumatic stress. Rafe 2 Eh, I think I'll pass on that. What? Rafe 2 Well . Well, um, it's your call. But if you change your mind, you let me know. I'm gon na get your discharge papers together. Um, will you talk to one of our nutritionists here? Please? Rafe 2 So I'm good to go? I'll get your paperwork. Rafe 2 Okay. I'm gon na call Dario and Gabi and tell them the good news. Rafe 2 No, stay here. Call' em. Oh, no, I've got ta let you rest. And, um, I get better reception out there, anyway. I'll be right back. Oh, good, you're still here. Hi. Hi. Something wrong? Uh, no, no, it's just I just wanted to ask you about the medications that you suggested he take, the anxiety stuff. Yeah. You think he needs that? I think so stubborn and everything, that could be a symptom of the hypoglycemia, right? That could just be his opinion. There are people who don't like the idea of medicating their feelings. But you think he should take it. Like I said, I think it could help. So maybe I could get him a really protein-full meal and then ask him again? Yeah, you know what? I'll give you the prescription, just in case you can persuade him to take them, okay? Thank you. You have no idea how much better that makes me feel.  Little early in the day, isn't it? Bugger off.  Ohhh. I see you are in a lovely mood. I'm sorry, Father. You know, if I'm bad company, maybe you should just replace me with somebody else. That always seems to work out very well, doesn't it?  What's your problem hired some ex-con who was so desperate for cash that he was willing to rearrange his entire face. Somebody who had so little on his plate that he could just go and spend months pretending to be somebody completely different. And now my son. Scoffs Thinks this guy is a cross between the Pied Piper and Sugar Ray Leonard.  Giovanni likes him? Oh, Giovanni thinks this guy's cool. I thought the plan was to alienate my son.  Oh, dear. Sighs Oh, there's more, is there?  Well, I'm afraid our stand-in has been improvising. First of all, he got into a little trouble because he was not warm and welcoming to Hernandez's brother. So he faked a seizure. Oh, f  Hmm, I know. I was at the hospital, and I heard Samantha talking to the doctor, all right? Now, she is very suspicious. She doesn't really know what is going on,, that's wonderful news, isn't it? Just peachy. So what do you suggest we do?  Two things. All right? First, we have to eradicate Samantha's suspicion. And the second thing is we have to speed up this procedure. We have to get this man off the map as soon as possible. No. I'm sorry. Absolutely not. Come on, Jen. It'll be fun. Remember boarding school? Are you kidding me? Yeah, good argument. So we're gon na short-sheet patients' beds and what? Write skits for the pep rally? What's your problem with that? Hey, you're gon na no, you're tell her. She's gon na be saving lives, changing the course of humanity. No, I'll be doing PR. She's right. We're saving lives and changing the course of humanity. And I'm done with that, ditto. See you tomorrow. I hope to see you tomorrow. Yes. Oh, so you're off duty, too? Oh, yeah, finally. All right, well, you know, think about that job, okay? I will. You know what? Could you actually get me a few more details ?' Cause I would like to make a really informed decision. Yeah? Okay, well, I'll get the job description, some press releases, and, um, email' em to you. Even better better idea. My computer's broken. If you could just come by my house later and drop them off, that would be great. Hey, I don't have any plans. That's good. Let's see how I can change that. You want me to fire you? I'm the last hire. Doesn't that make me the first in line for going on here. About the bottom line, right? No, but you're getting flak from people that are saying, " ah, she only got her job because she's Brady's girlfriend. " I'm not your girlfriend, so You are my girlfriend. You can check your contract. It's in there. You're my girlfriend, all right? Listen, if anybody's giving you flak, come to me. Tell me, okay? Brady, I don't care what anybody says or thinks. But you can't hire your ex's sister and and then lay off staffers who've been with the company for years. Well, the way I see it, a lot of other people would have lost their jobs if it hadn't been for your good ideas. By the way, your salary here, it's not exactly a game-changer. So don't worry. Gee, it kinda was for me, na lay anybody off, you're just gon na have to come up with another brilliant idea. So get crackin'. You know, it's nice to spend a little time together. Yeah. You know, I've missed you. And I'm sorry that I wasn't there for you through such a bad time. I-I know you've been busy. Come on, let's find a table. Sighs Oh, and now with your sister moving in with you, how's that working out? It's pretty good. You know, we're getting along a lot better than I thought we would. Father, what your, uh, crack secret agent has done is make it necessary for us to slow down the entire operation.  Slow it down? I think we should speed it up. But we can't spee if Hernandez divorces Samantha right now, okay? She's going to think it's because of 's gon na forgive him. She's not gon na hate him.  He says he can handle that. Does he? Really? Well, maybe we should go with that. I mean, he is, after all, quite a genius.  Oh, come on, you are over-reacting now. I'm over-reacting. Father, the man. is a disaster. He's managed to make Samantha more sympathetic to his position, instead of alienating him. My son thinks he's starring in the next version of the karate kid. And now, if he leaves town, Samantha's going to think she's abandoned this damaged little man, and my son is gon na idolize him even more than he already does.  Sighs I don't know what else we can do.  I'm not sure. But one thing. You know what you have to do. Sighs Rafe 2 Mm, wow. Okay, so I think pull together a protein-laden lunch for you. How' bout that? Rafe 2 Sounds good. Good. Oh. There's no food. Which makes it kind of difficult to make a really healthy, protein-heavy meal for you. Would you be all right if I went to the store? Rafe 2 Go for it. I just can't believe that this all turned out to be so simple a problem to deal with. Rafe 2 Yeah, huh. Me, too. All right, well, um, I'm gon na go to the store. You're sure you'll be all right? Rafe 2 I'm fine. Go ahead. I mean, how many times you gon na ask me that? Well, Carly said that you're dealing with anxiety. Rafe 2 Sami, go. I'm fine. Okay. Rafe 2 Sniffs Yeah. I just had a little chat with my son but enamored by you. And then I talked to my father, who tells me that Samantha is worried to death about you. That tells me you've screwed up rather royally. Rafe 2 Chuckles You know somethin'? You and your old man, you guys got this same sound bite. If I were you, I would get this plan back on track. You don't want to break a contract with the DiMera family. Rafe 2 Don't you threaten me. You have two weeks, and you better pray you can figure this out. Don't forget what happened to the other Rafe. So Gladys was home, so I was able to borrow some eggs from what's wrong? What are you doing here, and where is Jennifer? Well, she's not here, which is surprising. She asked me to bring her over information on that PR job. Oh. You, too. Me, too time together. It's nice to see you again. Uh, yes, it is. This is the real Chloe. Uh, she was going through a tough time when you met her before. Yeah, well, I hope you're feeling better. I-I am, a lot better. Thank you. Hi, Brady. Hello, Mrs. DiMera. Chloe, how you doing? Hi. Working hard, huh? Yeah, you look really busy. I am very busy, yeah. Okay, well, then, uh, don't let us interrupt. Um. you know what? Suddenly I feel like a-a latte. Let's go to Java. Sounds good, okay. Nice seeing you again. Okay, yeah, you, too. Bye, Brady. Wow, you can't even talk to her? I did talk to her. I said, don't think she likes us working together. I'm sorry. Hey. You don't have anything to be sorry about. Well, I kinda do.  Do you think it's a good idea to threaten the man? Why? Do you think I hurt his feelings?  Well, I think he is, uh, unbalanced, of course. But we have to keep him at the top of his game, huh? And if you tell him that you're gon na turn him into a vegetable, well, I think there's somehow, I don't know, that's unsettling, don't you? Speaking of vegetables, Rafael Hernandez is totally secure, yes?  I spoke to his handler. No problem there. Good. One down. One to go. (Keyboard-tapping)  Be sure to eat all your broccoli. Cruciferous vegetables strengthen memory. You're gon na have to get used to me. I have a to feed myself.  No can do. But maybe if you behave yourself, I can get permission for some hands-free time. Permission from whom?  What did I tell you about asking questions? Not to ask them.  Right. Now, finish your lunch. Then we can talk about those painting lessons I promised you. After all, what's life without a little creative expression? Right? Whatever you say. Rafe 2 Yeah, uh, sorry, babe. I was trying to reach Dario, kept gettin' his voice mail. I guess I shoulda waited till after my protein-laden meal. Right. Yeah, well, like I said, I was able to borrow some eggs from Gladys, so I'm gon na make you some scrambled eggs for lunch. Rafe 2 Great. That's why you were frustrated, because Dario didn't answer his phone? Rafe 2 Yeah. Yeah, I was frustrated. Rafe 2 Guess I'm just a little edgy right now. You'll feel better after lunch. Rafe 2 I'll feel better after a good, stiff drink. Huh. Wait a second. Carly said you can't drink. You you can't have alcohol, right? Rafe 2 Right. Forgot. I mean ,' cause it would totally mess up your blood sugar and everything. I think it's a bad idea. Rafe 2 I-I know. My bad. I. forgot. Why don't you, um. have a seat? Relax. You know, you'll feel better. I'll I'll get lunch going, and and it'll all be all right. Rafe 2 Grunts Okay. Hey, guess what I have. Clears throat Coffee. Cold, just the way you like it. Rafe 2 That sounds great. Hopefully, that'll tide you over till I get time. Yeah, yeah, no, just put your feet up. It'll be ready in a minute. Rafe 2 Yeah. Ahhh. It is some great coffee. Oh, perfect, you got in, great. I'm sorry that I'm so late. It was so crowded at the market. But I got cold cuts, and I'm gon na make a beautiful salad. You y-you're making lunch? Yeah. I wanted to thank the two of you for everything that you've done for me. Well, why didn't you just ask us for lunch? I mean, why the intrigue? Well, because maybe you would have said no. So I have avocado. I'm gon na put it in the salad. Jennifer, stop Please just stop. Here you go. Thanks. Listen. Uh, thanks for agreeing to the change of venue. I-I just do . Me, too. I understand why he's so sad. But it's like he refuses to understand why I married EJ. I'm sure he understands. He just thinks it's a mistake. It's not a mistake. This marriage is. it's turning out better than I expected. Is that right? EJ and I married for the sake of the kids, but the fact is, we're falling in love with each other again. Really? That's. unexpected. Quite a reversal on EJ's part. Okay, maybe I overstated things a bit. I-I know that I am falling in love with him. And I think that he is very attracted to me. It's just he's been so hurt, and he's intent on protecting himself. So you're gon na break him down? That's not a very romantic way to put it. But I guess I'm just notn't give up hope, Chloe. If EJ and I can find our way back to each other. anyone can. What? You still love her, don't you? Nicole? Oh, my God. Um, you know what? That that that is not a work question, Taylor, okay? " Hey, Brady, what's the allocation for research and development? " That's a work question, okay? " Do you still love you still love her. " That's not a work question. We're working. Brady? Everybody at work thinks you've turned into such an S.O.B. because she broke your heart. Oh, you know what, and all this time I thought I was just being a hard-nosed businessman. You do realize that this makes it awkward for me, right? No, I don't see that, because the way in which people think you act at work, or your concern. Your concern is your numbers, Taylor. Ooh. You know, from the way Nicole talked about you, I thought you were gon na be this knight in shining armor. But so far, you've acted like a total Kiriakis.  Humming Oh, by the way. I forgot to mention that, uh, your brother was here. Really?  Yeah, as a matter of fact, you know, I think I've made progress in getting him to move in here with us. Well, that's wonderful.  And oh, that reminds me. By the way, what about our star boarders that we have here now? When are they moving out? They're not moving out until Nicole's mother gets better. I have no idea if or when that's going to happen.  All right, well, tell Nicole to speed things up a little bit, all right? Because the sooner we get rid life will be a little more pleasant around here. That's the first good idea you've had all day, Father.  We were very cooperative and agreeable during lunch. That earns us the first of what we hope will be many stars on our behavior modification chart. Only 99 more, and we will have earned our first privilege. Oh, I know what I want.  A walk outside? Internet access? That you stop saying " we " when you mean me.  And the star goes away. We need to be very careful how we deal with me. Can we say " utterly dependent "? It's not a rhetorical question. Can we say " utterly dependent "? Utterly dependent.  That's behavior modification. I humiliate you at will to make you completely obedient to me. I modify your behavior. We are now in a very long-term relationship. And it's important that the roles are clear. I'm Well. probably not alive. Hey, um, it's ready. Rafe 2 Oh. There you go. Rafe 2 Wow. This looks great. Thanks. No problem. You, um, need more coffee? Rafe 2 Uh, maybe after I'm done with these. Okay. Rafe 2 Whoa. Where you goin'? Laughs nervously Rafe 2 After I'm done, you and I. oh, we have some makin' up to do. Laughs uncomfortably Rafe 2 Mm. Hey buddy, wattaya lookin' a-oooh. Could I just speak with Jennifer alone for a minute? That's a good idea. Great idea, yeah. You know where I'm gon na be? I will be in the kitchen. Thank you. No problem. Other way. I know that, I know. Why why are you looking at me like that 's the problem? What's the problem? Jennifer, are you ready to move on from Jack? No. Of course not. I just filed for divorce a couple days ago. Then why would you think that I am? Or Daniel, for that matter? I don't know. I just I want you, I want him to be I want you to be happy. I know, I know. And I know you're trying to help, and I love you for it. And I get it. I try to fix people and their problems without asking them if they actually want my help. You know what happens? They get mad at me. They just get mad at me. Oh, you're mad at me? I'm not mad at you. I will be if you don't knock it off. All right, all right, I'll knock it off. I promise, I if EJ hasn't fallen to his knees and professed his undying love for you Yet. He hasn't fallen to his knees and professed his undying love yet. Yet. Well, hey, at least you're all getting along well at Chez DiMera. Clicks tongue Uh, you're not all getting along? You know, in a million years, I never would have seen this coming. But EJ and Taylor, they're like two pieces of flint. Really? Thought you said your sister could get along with anyone. I think I inadvertently brainwashed her, uh, into disliking anyone with the name DiMera. And EJ doesn't appreciate the fact. Hmm. Well, sounds like you just have to un-brainwash her. Yeah, I know. I'm working on it. And acting like a Kiriakis, that that's just terrible, right? Sometimes, yeah. Well, I think it's DiMera. I'm not gon na trash them, Brady. EJ took in me and my sick mother, and that was it was a really decent thing to do. Yeah, I-I'm touched. You know what? If EJ did anything nice at all, he has an ulterior motive. Trust me. Watch your back. You're feeling better, huh? Rafe 2 Uh-huh. Can't you tell? More relaxed? Rafe 2 I don't know. I don't know if relaxed is the word. I'm happy. God. I Chuckles I am a lucky, lucky man. Tell you that. Okay, so maybe you should rest. Rafe 2 Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Let's. let's talk. Okay, about what? Rafe 2 Like about. my job. Do you do you know do you know that I have the best job in the whole world? It's 2 Oh, man. Glad I know how to do that. Bye. Oh, sorry. She, uh, she tell you off? Uh, yeah. But she was really nice about it. Do you hate me? Oh, no, it's always fun going back to junior high school. Gasps Gasps mockingly That's so mean. It's accurate, but it's really mean. Sorry. Do you, uh, think less of my PR skills now? Okay, what, am I gon na have to do the hard sell here, like No, listen. I-I wan na tell you, because when I was in the market, I was standing in line, and I was thinking that this is good. I-I need that job. I'm gon na take it. Good. You know, I think it'll be, um, be interesting working Sighs You know, I'm beginning to think that maybe it was a bad idea to have Taylor move in. Really? I thought it would be good for my mom, but what if she starts to see the strain between EJ and Taylor? Well, can you talk to Taylor about it? I can try. But I'm telling you, this time around, I swear we are going to be one big, happy family. Everyone is going to get along. Whether they like it or not. Thanks for the warning, but I thought this was supposed to be a business meeting. Young lady, you just referred to your boss as an S.O.B. You run the risk of it becoming personal after that. I didn't call you that. I just told you everybody else did. So you would be aware of workplace morale. Honestly, right now, I just I'm just concerned that there is a workplace, the morale's gon na be really low. Okay, well, then we need to find a way to make these numbers work. Exactly, see, now you're talking. There she is. We got 24 hours, all right? Right, an all-nighter, how fun. You a popcorn or chocolate girl? Popcorn. Wow, accounting and snack foods. Brady, this really could be fun. I'm I'm a good boss. Come here, I need your help. Come here, come here. Oh. Great. What is this? Okay, well, I think I think, basically. So this is a key to my old life. And somehow, I know how to pick locks. Sighs Well, it's a start.  Is everything all right in here? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're talking about being a Rafe 2 No. That's not what I mean at all. But you said your job. Rafe 2 My mission. Mission? Rafe 2 Should I choose to accept it. Rafe, are you okay? Rafe 2 Huh? Yeah, well, it's I have a secret. You didn't know that, did you? No. No, I didn't. Rafe 2 Dying to tell ya exactly what it is. On the next " Days of our Lives. "  You idiot God, he spiked his drink. After I put drugs in it. 
All right Laughs God, what the hell is wrong with you? Look at you, so caught up in your own conversation. It's about the only way I can get your attention. You are such a jackass, you know that? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Just bop-bop-bop-bop-bop. What? What? What do you want? Okay. Granddad, listen listen, don't worry about it. Yes, yes, I'm being careful. As a matter of fact I had one of Dmitri's guys at the hospital, he's undercover, and he's watching you. Uh, got ta go. Listen, keep me posted on Maggie's condition, all right? I'll talk to you soon. Hey. Hi, hey, come on in, come on in. Okay, what's wrong? Just, uh, an abundance of caution these days, that's all. All right active files, your message said to come right over but you didn't say what about. Taylor, it's not about work. Then what? It's about your safety. Come again? Your life is in danger. TV-newscast It's been confirmed that the shooting victim, longtime Salem resident Maggie Horton is in critical condition at Salem University Hospital. Unconfirmed reports from the crime scene suggest the DiMera family may be responsible.  Mommy? Uh, hey, hey. Oh, sweetheart, give me a hug. I love you so much.  You're hugging so hard. Oh, oh, sorry. Laughs Hey.  Rafe Aw, what's up, buddy? How you doin'? How was your sleepover?  Good. Good. Hey, how about you, uh, get me my favorite cup and we'll have some coffee and breakfast. How's that sound? Okay. Aarrr Mm. Poor Maggie, huh? Yeah. So you think it was the DiMeras? It looks that way. It looks like this war is just getting started. TV-newscaster Reports from an anonymous source at the Salem Police Station indicate that Victor Kiriakis may have been the intended victim in the shooting, not Maggie Horton.  Gasps My enemies are dropping like flies, but Carly's still the icing on the cake.  You're up. Yeah, I thought I'd better clean up a little bit.  I brought breakfast. Oh, that's really nice of you.  Why do I get the feeling you're on your way out? Because I am. I'm well enough to go home, and face the people that matter to me the most. Okay, what are you what are you talking about, Brady? I'm in danger from whom? The DiMeras. See, Taylor, they're them win though. That's the good news. Okay. Brady, you and EJ need to stop this war before something terrible happens again. Oh, oh, I'm gon na do that, believe me. With or without EJ. Look, you shouldn't have come here, Abigail. I mean, just standing here talking makes me nervous. Well, I get the same feeling every time you go home to your father's house, Chad. Yeah, well, there's not much I can do about it, okay? It's where I live. Move out. Move out. And go where? My house. Come home with me, Chad. Laughs Okay, okay. Ah-ah-ah. Look, I get it. I'm the last person in the world you want to lend a hand to. Okay? What? Lend? Shh. Don't you usually just take  , will you please? Will you get your hands off me Ooh So. I told your sister I took full responsibility for what happened. Yeah? Like being the reason my mother was killed? Look, I don't want anybody else to get hurt, all right? Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah, that sounds just like you. I don't want the situation with Brady to escalate, Nicky. Well, have you told him that? Yeah. He doesn't believe me. You think I will? I do, actually. You're about the only person who can stop this. For good.  Sighs Quinn. Where are you? More to the point, who is she?  So ever since you overheard me on the phone, no matter what I say, you think I don't want you here anymore, right? No, you've been incredible. You've taken and you really have no idea who I am. I put you out long enough. And this place isn't exactly set up for, you know, long term guests. (Cell-phone-rings)  Just. You're not even taking your calls.  That's okay, the person can wait.  Did my own son just send me to voicemail? All right, all right, enough time playing with Nigel. You have to help your sister get ready for day camp, okay? And I know that Rafe promised you that he was gon na take you this morning, but we'll talk about it, all right? So, um oh, my God. I can't believe Maggie's in critical. Yeah, she's on life support. And you really think that Brady and EJ are responsible? Yeah, I think so. The families are at war. Wow. Well, thank God EJ gave me custody of the kids so Yeah. It's the only decent thing the guy's ever done in his life. And he didn't even do it on purpose. Yup. Well, maybe now with this war, EJ and Stefano will finally get what's coming to them.  What did they do now, Rafe? Look, it really means a lot that you want me to stay at your place, but I Then do it. I can't. Look. Chad, I know that you're caught in the middle of this huge mess, but it's not safe for you there. It's the only home I know now. Abigail, come on, you've got to understand, all right? I'm really angry with them for what they've done, I hate it. But if I turn my back on them now, then I may not be able to help. How can you help? I'm an outsider they do. Maybe I can convince them all to just back off. Back off? Really? Yeah. In the history of the DiMeras, have you ever known them to back off from anything before, Chad? Look, I have to at least try. And what if it doesn't work? God, Chad, I'm really worried about you. And I'm worried about EJ. He's lost his kids, Taylor, Nicole, our father to a certain extent. I must stick close by to him. And stay on their side? If I don't, who will? Someone has to initiate the stop order between the families. And you think that someone is you? Sighs I'm making it me, yeah. Okay, so why do you think the DiMeras would come after me? I mean, I'm not a Kiriakis. Mm, you're worse. Meaning what not theirs. I didn't pick a side. I hate all this eye for an eye crap. You turned your back on EJ and you came to work for me. That makes you a very easy mark. No, I don't believe it. You're being naive, Taylor. So what do you want me to do? You want me to hide out in my bedroom over at Abe and Lexie's until I get the all-clear from you? No. I want you to move in here. with me. You think I'm going to bring the Montagues and the Capulets back from the precipice of war? Look, Nicky. You can be, um. very, uh. persuasive. Laughs When you want to be. And just whom do you want me to persuade? Brady? Before you married me that boy would do anything you asked. No, no. No way, I am not . What, do you want this to descend into some all-out war? There's not gon na be a winner, Nicky. This is not my issue. You worried about him? Of course, I'm worried about Brady. I don't want you to kill him, I don't want him to kill you. You know what? If I want him dead, he'd already be dead This isn't about him, this isn't about me, it's not about his sick, vindictive family or mine Just do me a favor, just do this for Johnny, all right? Would you do it for Sydney, please? Okay? I know you love them, please protect them. Nicky, please, just do this for me. Please, sweetheart. Please. Fine. Fine, what do you want me to do? Um. just do me a favor, just deliver that for me, all right be in your debt. You already are. Sighs Actually, I hope I am strong enough to face the people that I've hurt the most.  Are you going to tell them the truth? I can't. I've let my daughter down so many times, I don't think I can do that to her.  I'm a little worried that you're not really ready to go back yet. Well, I am too. But I can't stay here forever.  Can you stay for a while? Eat your breakfast, have some coffee? Look, I have to go and see my mother, but I'll be back soon. If you can hang out for a bit longer I can say a proper goodbye. Well, I think that after everything you've done for me that's the very least I could do.  Thank you. I know that reconnecting with your mother is really important to you. me at all a few weeks ago matter a great deal now. Okay, well, uh, eat your breakfast before it gets cold. Okay. Okay, Chad, you can't take on your brother as your own personal reform case here. I'm not. But I have a family now that I didn't know I had before. And I won't turn my back on them, I just can't do that, Abigail. All right? Now, if you can understand. we can still work on us. Hm? Yeah. I want to. Okay. And be careful, all right? I will, you too. Move in to this place. Mm-hm. With you. Well, not with me, exactly. If you live here, I can assure your safety. Out there I can't. Okay, how about this for a great idea. How about you stop same. Taylor, you know what? EJ broke the peace. He broke the peace, I didn't. And Maggie Horton paid the price for it. Okay, well as far as I'm concerned you're all insane. I don't want you in the line of fire. I want you out of it. And furthermore you need to understand what EJ is capable of. I don't think you get it. Okay, well, apparently it's the same thing you are. Right? Hey, sweetheart, come and sit. Come sit, okay. So, um, look, I know you're scared and a lot of things to worry about, but no matter what happens with your daddy and your Grandpa Stefano, you're here with me and Rafe. And you are you're safe, okay? That's right, you sure are. And just so you know, that's what your daddy wanted for, Rafe. Oh, man. Listen, I love you. I love you so much, but I'm not your real dad, and I'm not trying to compete with your real dad. Do you even know what that means?  You're not in a contest? That's right. That's right, it's not a contest. That's right.  I'm just saying I like it here more. Laughs Well, I'm glad you're here. Are you ready for camp? No, okay, one more second. Hurry up. Smart kid. Yeah, he's not wrong. So, um, I mean, obviously he's been torn between both families for so long and now he's finally settled. He's here and he feels a sense of security from that and you are a big part of that. Well, what can I say? Kid's got my heart, always our kids. Okay, Taylor, I really don't wan na have a, uh, " Who's worse, EJ or Brady? " Debate with you. It's not gon na do anybody any good, okay? I wan na protect you. By provoking EJ? Nice, nice, great. Oh, come on, seriously, Brady. Why else would you suggest that I come and live here with you? What did you say? Well, I'm What am I missing here again? Okay. Calm calm down. Oh, calm I'm calm, I'm calm. So what's going on? I think EJ sees Taylor as a threat because she works for me. Laughs A threat? I don't want him retaliating against her. Oh, I think you got the wrong idea about what my soon-to-be ex-husband wants from my sister. Okay, is know, is it? Is it? Is it? It's a bit of a stretch, don't you think, Brady? Look, he wants me to give this to you. What is it? EJ wants me to hand-deliver this to Brady. Hm. So what are you gon na do? Well, I'm gon na answer him. How polite. Not with a pen though. (Cell-phone-rings) Ahem. Yes? Hey, buddy, I got your note. And? You really want a truce? I mean, you serious this time? A real truce? You don't? Well, I just think it's just a little too late for that, don't you think? I mean, with Maggie hooked up to a ventilator in the ICU. Go to hell.  Sighs I know you're in there, I can see your shadow under the door. Vivian. Does she know I'm here? You are so sexy when you say " our kids. " Our kids? Yeah. Our kids. Yes, every time. Laughs  Rafe's taking us to camp. Here they are. Whoa. Look at you You are all decked out ready, huh?  Lights and sirens, right, Rafe? Lights and sirens yeah, part of the way, okay? Whispers You sure? Yeah. All right, well, sounds good. How are you doing this morning, beautiful? Happy. You are, huh?  I told her that I would take care of her just like you take care of us. And that is a good plan. What the hell is wrong with you? You just hung up on EJ and told him to go to hell. Taylor, come on, you didn't Well, believing it's not the point, but you just drew a line in the sand. Let's see if he crosses it. Risky. But I get it. You agree with him? Well, Brady has to make the next move. Maybe not quite like that, but yeah, if you're gon na poke the hornet's nest, poke the drone. Oh, my God, you're both out of your minds. Oh, wake up, Taylor What did you think Brady meant when he said he wanted to protect you? What, you think he was gon na hold off EJ with a squirt gun? I thought you cared about him. I do. What, by provoking EJ? God, you don't care if Brady gets hurt as long as you get back at EJ in any way. This isn't just a little family feud on the prairie, Taylor, there's risk want any part of it. Oh. You already are a part of it, Taylor. Okay, well, um, consider me out, effective immediately. No, Taylor, this is not a good idea. Okay, you know what? I don't need your protection and I don't need your kind of reasoning. No-no-no-no-no-no-no. Wha Hey, let her go. EJ, is getting plastered before breakfast really going to help? Chad, don't leave this house. I can't guarantee your safety outside of these grounds. And after what's just happened, I strongly suggest you don't go anywhere without a bodyguard. What, something else has happened this morning? What? I offered Brady a truce. And? And he passed. Seriously, just like that. Yeah. Have you spoken to Taylor again? Not this morning, why? You're shot because of you. It's not exactly untrue, is it? If you told her that you took this on, if you were trying to protect her, maybe she wouldn't Do yourself a favor, shut up, all right? Don't go anywhere. Sighs Hey, it's me. Listen, um, I know I have no right to ask you but, um, I'm gon na need your help.  Oh.  I thought you stood me up.  I thought the same of you.  I lost track of time.  Oh.  Why did you decide to come back?  Well, I was fairly certain that whoever was behind the hotel door was not you.  You went to my hotel room?  Oh, don't worry about it, the person who was there did not open the door. I just wish you wouldn't be so mysterious about your love life.  I questions about my personal life.  All right, let's just move on to a more interesting topic namely Carly. It seems that the good doctor called the hospital and covered her tracks by saying she needed some time off, and she'd be back soon.  You would have preferred hearing of her demise?  No, I would actually have preferred to hear that she'd fallen off the pier and been swept away by a current, never to be seen again in Salem.  Where else would she go if not Salem?  Very good question. Since she has no friends, what sort of stranger would be helping her out? Oh. Hey. You're never gon na believe this. Uh, okay, tell me. So I'm driving the kids to camp, right? And of course, Johnny's not letting it go about the lights and the sirens. Laughs Oh, boy. All right, so just I don't think it's a good idea if I put the lights and the sirens on as we're driving through town " and he's, like, " Rafe, I know, I just wanted you to put them on when we get to camp so the other kids can see. " Laughs He is a total ham I wonder where he gets it. I wonder. Look at you, though, telling stories about the kids. This from the guy who, uh, didn't even wan na have kids. I never said that. Uh, yeah, you did. You said it to Sophie, remember? Agent Raf Rafy what did she call you? Oh, my God, that yeah, that's just because I never wanted to have kids with her. Oh, really. So you were thinking about whether or not to have kids with her. No, I didn't No, no. For the record, nothing had happened like I told you before and I was young then, so. Mm-hm, jet-setting around the world and danger lurking around every corner. I don't know about the jet-setting part. Well, either way, here you are driving two kids to day camp on a sweltering August day. Wow. Yeah, well, I like it that way, okay? Like I said, I come from a chaotic and wild family and I like a big family. Oh, really? How big?  Chuckling Look, I told Taylor this, I'm gon na tell you the same thing. She doesn't get where you're coming from. Not you, not EJ. But you do. I care about you. I was married to EJ, what do you think? I think that you left me for him. Let's get back to the point. first move in this situation or risk a blindsided attack. You're very considerate of your sister sometimes. Yes, well, I love Taylor, but she's no saint. Is that why you turned four shades of green when you thought that she was moving in here with me? She's susceptible to EJ, I was too. You should not have been out there on the pier with him, Nicole. And you knew I found him there how? I know that you sent Dmitri after him. You put yourself in the middle of the line of fire. That's a bad idea. Yeah, well, you know what? I was hoping your guy was a better shot than Stefano's. I don't want you anywhere near him. Look at me, I don't want you anywhere near EJ. Not when things are like this. As a matter of fact, I think you should move in here. Wait you want me to leave town and now you want me to move in here, I I want you here because I want you to be safe. Taylor? Abigail? Hi, thank you for coming. Yeah, of course, I am so, so sorry to hear about your Aunt Maggie. I'm praying for her. Actually, that's why I called you. You're one of the only people I know that can do more than just pray. Um. I don't understand. Taylor, you're in a position to actually do something about this war that seems to be taking place between the Kiriakis and DiMera families. Oh, I am? Yeah, I think you know you are, Taylor. Okay, so that's why you wanted to meet with me. I thought that it was about your aunt and you wanted to talk. Well, it is, I do Taylor. Because I didn't think you would come if I called you myself. Well, you're right about that. I'll keep this short, but hear me out. EJ lied to you. Yeah yeah, I know, he does that. Well, he lied about saying he double-crossed Brady last night, ending up with Maggie in the middle of a gunfight. EJ met Brady in good faith. He had no idea what Stefano was planning. God, I knew it. I knew something was okay, why would he say that he He did that so you'll think the worse of him. So you'll stay away from him. That's how much he cares about you. That's how much he would risk to protect you from what's happening to our family. I don't I don't know what to do, Chad. Look, Taylor, I know you think you can't sure what will happen to my brother. Or the rest of us. Wan na say hi to Daddy? Hey, guys. Yeah, give him a hug. Aw, come here. Go say hi to Daddy. There you go. That's a big hug for your old man, hey?  I'm not your son anymore What is that? I'm, uh I'm giving you full custody of the children. I will do everything in my power to take your pain away. You just have to say the word. Cries There is something I want. I want my mother back.  So tell me, Mother  Don't call me Mo  Yeah.  Anything, darling.  Why doesn't Carly's son speak to her?  Why should he?  Some people might say the same thing about my relationship with you. If or when Carly was to revenge, yes? She's been humiliated enough.  Laughs Are you kidding?  No, I'm not actually.  Quinn, I've only just begun. Dad and I love you so much, and so does Jennifer and everybody at the hospital. And we're just worried about you, and we just want you to come back because that's all that matters. Nothing else matters, nothing that just please come back to us. Cries Um, call that number and come back to us, please. I love you. Cries Come on, come on, just sit down, don't freak out. Have a seat. Not freakin'. Laughs Just a simple question. I wan na know if you want to have a baby with me. Whoa, what? It's just a question, okay? No. No? No, no, not not no. It Well, what do you mean Sami, Allie just came home, and we've got Johnny and Sydney now, and we've been through hell. You really wan na add another child to the equation? Look, I didn't mean now, I just meant more on principle. I just wan na know if you want to have your own child someday. Honey, I couldn't love our children any more than I already do. I know that. That being said, my mother's favorite expression just popped into my head. And what would that be? Quantos mas mejor. " The more the merrier? " You do speak Spanish. Laughs Yes, I do. Oh, my God. So. We'll think about it, how about that? Much as I like to think of myself as entirely self-sufficient and able to take care of myself Mm-hm. I really don't now between you and EJ and the elders. Right, so you, uh, you'll stay here. For a bit. Good. But you know how easily bored I get. Oh, I remember, I know. We were good together. Yes, we were. Are you trying to tell me that EJ will fall apart without me? He needs you. This can not be on my shoulders. Oh, yeah? And why's that? Are you serious? Why? What, do you love him or not? He's already changed he's already changed, and he changed for you. But if he doesn't have you to help him move forward, he has nothing. Now would you please. please help my brother. (Cell-phone-rings) What? EJ? Taylor. Hey, um, I'm at the Brady Pub, and Chad is here, and night. Look, I wan na know what in the world makes you think that I would be better off thinking that you are some remorseless monster than I would be if I knew the truth. What truth? The truth that you are the man that I thought you could be.  That's why there can be no endgame for Carly. She's done far too much damage to our family, and Quinn, what are you looking at? God Carly Carly No Get your face in it Turn over Get on your side Carly Mom Oh, my God, are you okay? Carly, you can't see this. No, no, wait Who would send this? Let me see that, aah Why would. Oh, God. Carly. Oh, God oh, God. Cries Oh, God, they know. They Mm. Aren't you exhausted? I am. Of course, you are. You were up all night working. Okay, so I think you should just get a couple hours rest, and I will work my magic with Sydney and make sure she stays quiet for you, okay? Sounds good. Go for it. Okay. Maybe you wan na join me till she wakes up? Giggles Thank you for helping me out the way you did. I just thought about what Aunt Maggie would do. I know she would have helped you. Once I realized that it was kind of a no-brainer really. Well, um, Abigail. Yeah? I'm in love with you. I'm in love with you too, Chad. Look I'm sorry, Taylor, but this is pointless. Okay, do you wan na know what's pointless, EJ? It is pointless, you did it because you wanted to make me believe you were a better man. And now you're doing it to convince yourself that you are not and you are trying to be gallant and keep me away from you. I don't know what you want to happen, Taylor, but there is nothing that I can do about this. I don't know, I wan na know that the man that I fell in love with is who I thought he was and that I'm not crazy. I mean is that what you're trying to do? Are you trying to make me mad? No, I just want you to be safe. I want that for you too. And your whole family, and for Brady's. When is this gon na stop? Look, I'm sorry, I can't talk about this on the phone, all right? Okay, then come to me. Where are you? I stay there, okay? (Cell-phone-rings) Normally I would tell you to ignore it, but given the state of things, go ahead. Okay. It's Dmitri. Okay, I'll see you. (Cell-phone-rings) Dmitri, what's up?   I'm at the pier. watching DiMera. And?   Waiting on your go. Go.   Got it. On the next " Days of Our Lives " Are you worried about Taylor? I'm worried about everything. Who are the victims? Didn't really turn out the way you planned, did it, Brady? 
Quinn.  Yes.  What's distracting you? Crying God Carly Carly No Get your face in it Turn over Get on your side, Carly Mom Oh, my God, are you okay? Carly, you can't see this. No, no. Who would send this? Let me see that oh Why would Oh, God. Carly Oh, God Cries Oh, God. All this time I thought they were in the dark, but they know. They know how bad it's gotten. Cries   How bad? 20 bucks, I'll give you a hit. Come on, I know you want it. (Monitor-beeping) I can't undo this, Maggie. But I can keep it from happening again. Daniel. Maggie's not safe here. I'm gon na have a private ambulance service take her away to my estate. She'll get around-the-clock care in that. No, no, no, Maggie is in a coma, Victor she's had massive internal bleeding. No. The worst thing you could do would be to move her. If she stays here, the person who shot her may come back for her. Is that an option? Victor, can you just hire a private security guard, just have him stationed outside her door please. Yeah, there's an idea. It's the least you can do, h right? Since your family and the DiMeras are the whole reason this happened in the first place. Whoa, whoa, why did you why did you pull away from me just now? I just I really I really wish I could stop worrying about you, Chad. Abigail, look, I've already explained. I know, you'll never turn your back on your family. I get it. Could you? isn't involved in organized crime. Abigail, I don't want anything to do with that part of the family, all right? But when I saw my father last night, when he passed out from insulin shock I mean, we're. flesh and blood he and I. EJ too. And that means a lot to me. How could it not?  Sighs Well, I called to check on Maggie's condition. It's unchanged.  Terrible mistake, Katherine. I talked to the contact that I have at the hospital, and they said that Victor has not left her side since she came out of the surgery.  No surprise. You're worried about retaliation.  How could I not be? Brady tried to kill Elvis once before. The way things have been going, why can't it happen again? Brady. what's going on? Ahem Nothing. What did Dmitri want? He wanted permission., um. I wan na get one thing clear between us, EJ, or I am not going through with this. Sighs And that is? The lying. A it has to stop, I don't I don't want you to lie to make yourself look worse. I don't want you to lie to make yourself look better. Just no more lying. EJ. Okay. Chad was telling the truth. I was not responsible for the attack on Victor that hurt Maggie. I just claim that I was so you wouldn't hang around, but here you are, I have a question for you. What's that? What are you still doing here. hmm? I mean, I've given you every opportunity to leave. Me This isn't about me walking away from you. It should be. You should never have been sucked in this world. You should never have been made to believe that I was going Not very much. And not for lack of trying. Okay, but you can't just give up and give in. Look you deserve somebody who's better than me. You deserve a better life than I could give you. Okay, why do you think I deserve a better life than you do? Because you're a better person than me. Okay, what if I'm not? Oh, come on, really? No, seriously, EJ. I mean, did it ever occur to you that the reason I fell for you and I fell so hard. even though you're married, even though I know the truth about your families and the violence and the lies is that I may be ah lot more like you than youth think. What are you talking about? Come on, really? (Thump) What was that? Shh, shh, shh, shh. Okay, buh, what now not even survive, so what else has to happen for you to realize that nobody is safe? Everything okay&gt; No, it's not. Abigail here thinks that if I stay with my family, I'm in danger. Now, sonny, you're part of this similar bloodline. What would you do?   Sonny Kiriakis? Blaming me or anybody se isn't going to keep Maggie safe, but at my home I can guarantee no one's gon na get to her again. He's right. Victor's house is safest place for Maggie. Hope, I disagree. No, Maggie shouldn't be moved. Moved? Excuse me. Victor, please, don't do this, please. What? What going on? What's VIP? Need to talk about Carly. Okay, what's up? The board director saw Melanie's televised plea. Also he saw the picture of Carly looking for a drug dealer Jennifer, they are up in arms. Lexie, you gave me a permission to go public. Yeah, I know, I know, I know I did, and I was wrong in doing so. Why? What are you talking about? What? In the future, when you wan na help your friend, do not use the hospital's name abou in doing so or you will be out of a job.  Hi, I get it. Giggles Baseball.  That was an outstanding double-play.  Sighs You know, glba ev sin you said yod let mennn intoour tafe, I've bee-play. Of I don't know, high, what can I say?  I'm glad.  And that you support what matters to me. Avenging your cousin's death and ruining Carly's life. Well, I mean, that's a blessing. That's a gift ..  You know what? I have to go. I Yeah, I remembered I w have a business meeting.  What kind of business meeting?  A very important one.  Oh.  Ok, I'll be in touch.  Uh, I but. Ok. What's going on? Crying Brady. Mm. What did Dmitri want permission for? Nicole, he's tailing w peitle. And he's making sure no one comes here to retaliate, that's all. Okay, you seem a little wired. Well, I have a little bit on my mind right now, I do. I know. I know,. so do I. Brady now. Maybe a little distraction would be good for both of us. Ah, um. I'm sorry. Uh, I just What? Clears throat You're worried about Taylor? I'm worried about everything. Hi. Hey, man. Hey. Can you spare some . Are you cold? No, I'm okay. No, that's fine, come on. Are you okay? I will be, as long as you're safe, as long as you're with me you're not safe. Hey, you need to lay low. All right? Really, do not take any chances. Yeah, I'll be all right. (Gunshot) (Monitor-beeping) I'm sorry I tried to tell everybody what to do before. It's kind of your way. Yes, I'm afraid it is. I'm sorry I jumped on you. I know this is the last thing you ever would have wanted. If we're careful, Maggie will be safe here. And then when she gets better. she can go back to your place and recuperate. Sounds like a perfect plan. Really, Lexie? Threatening to fire me and Carly so you can save face with the board? news that one of our surgeons is M.I.A. And having issues. It doesn't exactly instill confidence in someone looking to choose where to get their medical care. Lexie, I promise you, Carly is gon na get the helping she needs. I'm telling you. Uh-huh, meanwhile she was abusing drugs while she was in this hospital practicing medicine. Now, this is what you need to do, okay? Contact the news station that let Melanie do the televised plea, get them to put you on to say this hospital has a zero tolerance policy for staff members using drugs and that Carly manning has been relieved of her duties here. Lexie, are you don't do this. Please, I am begging you not to do this. Carly did this to herself. Okay, all right. If that's how you see it, that's fine. I quit, Lexie, I quit. I am out of here. Quit? really believe that Victor has a very good point. He could keep Maggie safe there. Okay, when she's safe enough to move, then we'll talk. I completely agree. Okay. Thank you. I need to get back to the station. Okay, I'm gon na go with you to the station. Okay, sure, what's up? I just want to see what you're following up about Carly and maybe, um, I can look at it differently it'll jog my memory and see something you can't. Great, we could use all the help we can get. But wait a minute, aren't you working? Uh, no. Not anymore I'm not. Listen, um, if anything changes with aunt Maggie, will you let me know, please? Yeah, of course. Yeah, we will. Okay, can we go Can we just ask . Okay, uh, Daniel, I'll talk to you later. Jennifer, Jennifer Did something just happen between you and Jennifer? Sighs Ask her. What the hell is going on now?  Wha if I didn't know better, I'd I'd swear that was Quinn. Cries  Carly. Carly, what happened to Cries Any sign of him?  No one has seen Elvis, and no one has any idea where Chad may be. Okay, that sounded like a gunshot, EJ. It was a gunshot. It sounded like it was coming from the pier did you talk to Chad in person? Yeah. Which way did he go when he left? He went that way You get in the pub EJ You stay in there Chad Chad, My God Aah Aah What do we do Chad Hurry, please We need help immediately Chad Okay. Hurry Chad DiMera Hurry Please Gasping Yes Yes, we need an ambulance right away  Chad is not answering his Hello? It's me, it's me Chad they got him, father (Cell-phone-clatters) Stefano no No No What? What? What? Everything went so wrong.  You saw your daughter on TV. You know they're worried about you. looking for you. They know I'm using drugs. I thought they didn't know, but they do. I thought this could be my secret .' I could tell them that I was tired, that I needed a break and I. could just go home and forget this nightmare.  What happened? And I know when they tried to help me, but I was so out of it I ran and then I blocked everything knew that I was using drugs. I got scared. And someone I know came by your hotel room, and they knocked o the door.  What did you do?  I just pretended that I wasn't there, but she kept saying " I know you're there, " and then everything just came crashing down all at once.  Look, how did you end up here? I don't know.  Carly, have you been here alone the whole time? A man offered me drugs.  A dealer? A user. He said he would give me a hit if I gave him $20. So he could buy more. I didn't take him up on it.  Sighs But I thought about it .' Cause that's why I'm here in the first place.  Hey, it's okay. I've just been sitting here trying to figure out what to do, the truth washing over me.  haven't used since you found me, doesn't mean I'm not a drug addict. I need help. Brady, you're acting like you're expecting something to happen. I told you, Nicole, I'm just, uh I'm just a little worried right now. Things are very volatile. (Cell-phone-rings) Yeah.   It's done. Okay, Chad, Chad, look at me Look at me Chad, look at me Look at me, all right? Take this, all right? Tell my father I'll meet him at the hospital, okay? Wait, what about the ambulance? It's fine, we don't have time to wait for an ambulance. We just need to get him the hell out of here Ah Oh Oh Easy, easy, easy. All right, okay. You're gon na be fine. You're gon na be fine. All right, Oh, there you go. You all right? Okay, it's okay, brother. All right? Okay, come o let's get you out of here. (Chad-moaning) Easy, easy. I'm so sorry, this is meant foray me, not you, okay? Come on, breathe, shh. But Taylor said that he's still conscious, right?  Yes, yes, but he's bleeding, so he was hit. O my God.  Yes. Look, I have to meet them at the hospital. Elvis is with him. I'll go with you.  No, no, no, no. I want you to sit here. I don't want to take a chance that al thing could happen to you. I'll call you. Stay here. They're going after my children. Take your bodyguard. No, of course, I'll tell him. Um, there's a walk-in coming the ER. Okay, what is it? Gunshot wound. Okay, come on, let's get him to my car. No, I can drive I can drive. Sonny, go. Go Abigail, if you need anything just call me. Come on, now Let's go Aah Okay, let's go. No, no, no, no, you're not coming with us. Now listen, you go home and you stay away from me, all right? You lock yourself in your house, and you stay away from me Come on Chad, come on Okay, okay. (Chad-groaning) Did they say who it was? I don't know who Oh, my God, Chad What happened? Oh, my God, what happened to him? All right, I got it. I got it, I got it All right, let's go. We'll let you know. Somebody shot him. Okay, it's fine. They're gon na take care of him. He has to be okay. He has to be okay. He will. Is that what I think it is? What did he say? Brady, what is going on? Why won't you tell me? (Door-slams) You had Chad shot. Taylor, what's wrong? Didn't you? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Didn't you? And you knew all about it. Well, this is the report. But as you can see, there's hardly anything in here. We found some beer bottles and ran the prints. They're Carly's. What? Are you saying she was in the alley drinking beers? Well, it looks like it. Oh, Carly. Listen, this here is our best bet lead on who the guy is and where to find him.  Maybe that's why Quinn ran out of here like a bat out of hell. All this time I thought this was my my problem to solve, my habit to control, my secret but they knew. My daughter, her father, they knew.  I'm sorry. And then I'm gone and they know what's wrong with me. She had to go on TV to find me.  When you saw it, why didn't you call her?' Cause I can't. I can't call her and tell her I'm all right when she knows that I'm not.  What do you want to do next, Carly? Cries I need your help.  Rehab. I can't risk backsliding again. I can't risk almost g what I did in this alley again. Will you please please help me. I know you do who's been able to help. Cries  I will, I promise you. I promise, I will help you. I don't know what I'd do without you. Will you take me? Now?  You have to go back first, Carly. No, you have to step back into your life, back to the people who love you. You have to tell them that you need help before you can help yourself. Anyway, technically, I. Am not even supposed to be working on this case. Don't ask. Don't ask what? You're not supposed to be working on it or what it is? A prostitute was attacked and left for dead, bleeding to death. What? That's horrible. I know, and because of all the cutbacks, like I said, technically I am not even supposed to be working on this case. You know what? What if what if I I think that could be great. But we'll have to be careful, okay? Roman said he'd fire me when I suggested I work this case on my own. Oh, but you're doing it anyway, aren't you? Have you met me? Yes, I know you very well. I had the same similar story at work today, which is why I have so much time on my hands. But you know what? Let me talk to some of my friends at the paper and see if we can get this going. Cuz, that would be great. Listen, someone left me a note. I need to handle this. Wait here for me? No, go ahead, yeah. We'll talk some more about it, okay? I'm gon na take this with me. Bye. Okay. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello? Who is this? Yes, I am looking for Carly manning. What an exit wound. Aah. It's a good thing. It is? Mm. Hurts like hell. The bullet just missed an artery. EJ did the right thing to stop the bleeding. You're very lucky, Chad. Yeah, luckier than Maggie.  Chad, Chad. I'm okay, I'm okay, dad, I'm all right. Better than he has a right to be. Daniel.  Elvis said that you were out for a couple of moments. Yeah, um, about that let's, uh, keep that on the down low. Don't wan na ruin my image, you know?  Come on, you know I was so afraid. Sighs Yeah, Lexie, no you can finish up here. I'm glad you're ok. Excuse me. (Cell-phone-rings) Hello. Did you say Carly manning? Hello? What the hell?  So, I you? Just saw movement and then the sound.  Chad, why were you off the compound? We stressed that now is a very dangerous time. I wanted to help make it stop.  And what did you think that you could do to make at happen? It doesn't matter.  It does matter. To me. You matter. To me. A great, great deal. I thought my God. My God, I thought I almost lost you. Chad? I'm sorry I'm sorry, Chad was shot? You're blaming me for that? Yeah, who else? Who else? You know what, his girlfriend was there. She could have been hit too. Good God. Good God? Don't act like you didn't know about this. I didn't know Why would I know, Taylor? Why would I want Chad to get hurt? God, you Cha Chad Taylor look, I You hired a hit man for EJ. No, you didn't. Are you blind, Nicole? Come on, I was with EJ when we heard the shots. It was so close it could have been it could have been me. It could have been me, it could have been EJ, it could have been Abigail. But it really doesn't matter who it is, right, as long as that body count grows. And over what? Some some ridiculous conspiracy theory that wasn't even true? What are you what are you talking about? What am I talking about? You had to believe that EJ didn't want peace. You had to believe that he was feigning some truce with you while someone else went after Victor. Laughs Now who are the victims? Huh? Maggie Horton? Chad DiMera? Didn't really turn out the way you planned, did it, for real? Are you just kept telling Brady what you wanted him hear. Because bottom line, Nicole, you wanted EJ to pay for what he did with me, and it really didn't matter how it happened, did it? You're sick. And you. you are even sicker. And I am done with both of you. Hey. Hey, you know, I got the strangest call About mom. Yeah, me too. He had asked if I had been looking for Carly manning. Right, and then hung up? What's going on? Yes, let's go. Come on, come on. Hey, father.  Elvis, no, not now. No, no, no, how's Chad?  He's, uh, he's all right, but this is done. All of it. (Monitor-beeping) Sighs What are you doing here?  Sighs I'm here, y want us to tell each other about the phone calls? Well, probably, since they came right on top of each other, right? But why? I don't know, maybe it's that guy from the sketch. Okay, so if he knows where Mom is, why doesn't he just say something? I I don't think I can do this.  You can. You'll come with me?  Right beside you, Carly. I don't know how to thank you.  You don't have to thank me. You just get better. Because he's oh, my God, mom mom Carly I'm sorry, baby. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Carly, oh, my God. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's okay, don't be sorry. Are you okay? I'm gon na be., terrible mistakes, and I need your help. All of you. Of course. You've got our help, anything you need, anything. We are just so relieved that you are back. I am too, and I wouldn't have come back without. Quinn.  Damn her Damn her (Chad-grunts) Antibiotic. Thank you. So he's really, really he's going to be okay, right? Yes, thank g. Chad, I'm sorry. I just when I thought I was gon na lose you, I lost. Abigail, I was shot. And you were right next to me. I lost it too. I just hate that you were so close. Hey, I'll live, apparently. Good. Lexie, Abigail, you don't mind if I have a quick word with Chad, do you? Fine. She stays. I'm sorry 'm just sorry for Chad. You know, before it all happened she was trying to tell me that staying close to all of you was a mistake. And I fought her on it. But, um, she has a point, EJ. Is that how you really feel? Well, getting shot will definitely make you think about things a little differently. And for now, it's not o late for me .' S not too late for you, either. I'm sick hey, wait a minute What? I never wanted anyone to get hurt. Oh, you didn't. But once you started you just couldn't stop, right? That's not fair, don't you come in here and say Oh, not fair? You wan na know what's not fair? What's not fair is how I fell in love with your husband and I didn't even know who he was. once I did find out, I didn't walk away and chalk it up to bad luck. I ruined your marriage. Yeah. And mom was killed. Taylor, stop it. And you know what? No one is happy here, Nicole, and everybody is lying. And people who aren't even involved in any of this are nearly being killed God, EJ asked me today why I stayed why I stayed after everything that's gone on. And you know what, I didn't have an answer for him. But now I do. Oh, and, um, by the way, if it wasn't clear, I quit. And sis, stick with him. He's right up your alley. You want peace? What is peace to you, Stefano?  No more. Lying like this. never hurt again. What do you propose?  I almost lost another son, Victor. A son that I that kind of loss again and look at you, you're standing here next to the woman that you love. lying there. Her eyes are not opening. I don't think that you wan na take that risk either. It's time for us to end this war, Victor. I'm ready. Are you? We have to take her off the ventilator. Cries What are you talking about? It's not my choice, Victor. It's Maggie's. 
Okay, inch back. Give it that front foot. Kick. Nice, okay. Good. Just remember to keep your stance a little bit wider and roll that hip. Okay.  Good work. Mel, you're up. Hey, I thought Abigail was going to take this class. Uh, maybe she forgot it started today. Oh, well, she better come next time, or I'm going to kick her butt.  Melanie, let's go sweetheart. Okay, first position. All right, now, let's see your combat. Ready? What, is that the best you can do? No.  I can't hear you. No.  All right, let's do it again. Right, this time I want you to visualize your opponent, okay? Focus on explosive power. Ready? Grunting  Knee, kick. Whoa. Chad, oh, my God. (Knocking-on-door) Hey, kid. Thanks for coming over on stopping by anyway. Something on your mind? I've been hearing something around town. Ah. Let me take a wild stab in the dark. Something about my personal finances? Yeah. Hmm, doesn't surprise me. I had a debit card declined the other day when I went to pay for something. Sighs Dad, are you all right? You know, I'm just pouring everything I got into paying back these pension funds. That's going to be an insane amount of money. Do you have a plan to recover your losses? Of course I do. I intend on rebuilding Basic und up. Hmm. That's going to be awfully difficult in this climate though, isn't it? A little challenge never scared me before. Sighs Hey, why don't you let me at least help you out here at home, okay? We'll just Absolutely not. Why not for a handout. I know you didn't. I'm not going to accept one, so forget it. So I got these from the travel agent. Oh. Right there. And let me tell you right now, the four of us aren't going to have any time during the entire Hawaii vacation to wonder what to do next. Ah. yes. I can see that. Oh, plenty of options here to satisfy the collective sense of adventure. We have we've got, uh. look, a sunset beach tour, and a sunrise bike tour, and zip-lining, and snorkeling, and oh, right here. Helicopter right over the volcanoes. Wait a minute. You are afraid of heights, still, right? Or is it the helicopters? What I don't remember. I just have I thanked you for how much thought you put into this, Jack? Oh, this? to go on a real, family vacation with a real family together. You planned it, the way you thought to make sure we all had separate bedrooms. Oh, well, of course I-I didn't want I was making any kind of assumptions. Yeah, that's I just want to tell you that I-I appreciate it. I do. You know, it's just going to take time, and Stammering I've got no Good. It's a. it's just well, you know, sometimes, I wish. What? Well, I wish that you'd you'd meet me halfway, that's all. What are you Oh, come on, Jennifer. You know what I'm talking about. Him. Groans Lexie, hey. Sorry. It's just me. Yeah, but what are you doing here? Ah, well, I knew just wanted to be here when you heard the news. I didn't want you to be alone. Yeah. Well, it's fine. It's it's very nice of you. It is, really is nice of you. I just I haven't heard anything yet. Actually, I think the lab is probably backed up right now. Oh. Speak of the devil. Daniel. Maggie. Lexie, I hope you don't mind. They said it was okay that I'm here. No, no. It's okay, I understand. You're interested to get the results from the latest round of tests. Yeah, yeah. Well, is that what you got there? Yeah. Yeah? Well, I'm going to like what you're going about to tell me? Why don't we sit down? Lexie. Daniel, let's sit down, okay? why you're bringing up Daniel. He's a non-issue. Is he? Yes, he is. He has moved on with his life. And we are planning this wonderful trip to Hawaii, we're going to spend some really quality family time together. Yes, until night falls and then we're going to spend real quality time in our separate rooms. Right, but you said you said that you didn't have a problem with that. I don't have a problem. Then, why would you say that? Look, I made sure that we would all have our own rooms because that's what you want. You make it sound like that's not what you want. Jennifer, let you know what I want. That's not what I want. I want you back in every way, shape and form, but I know that we have a long ways to go before we get to that. that I feel the same way. Not exactly. What are you talking about? When I talk about Daniel, it it's not because I'm wondering how he feels about you. It's your feelings for him that concern me. You know, I-I had an idea of what you were doing, the toll it was going to take on you financially, obviously. Mm-hmm, but you didn't have any idea that I was planning on rebuilding the No. Well, see, that's why I called you over here. I want to pick your brain. See what you think about the idea. I'm all for it. You are? Absolutely. And I know now how I can help you. Because honestly, Dad, I don't want to be the guy that just gives you a couple bucks and just walks out the door. I don't want you to be that guy, either the guy that you need. And who is that? Your partner. Captain, we have to keep going  Chad, look at me, mate. Murmuring I am so sorry. I didn't see you there. Oh, obviously.  You got knocked out for a second or two. No, you know, I'm I'm good. I'm fine, you guys. Come on. I don't, uh Hey, I got you some water. Oh, hey. Thank you. Do you oh. Oh, okay. Oh, are you uh, it's it's do you know what's what's the year? Uh. Do you Laughs You're you're kidding me, right?  He's going to be just fine. Okay, I really am sorry. . What, am I invisible to it's not what I mean. Well, you know, I think you should probably trade in that white belt for a black belt. Okay, here, you definitely no, I mean it. You all right? Okay. You want to be my partner? That's right. And how exactly would this work? Well, that's that's the easy part. You and I, we put our heads together. We figure out how to put Basic Black on top, and we do it together. In your spare time? Brady, you're already running one multinational company. What? A guy can't multitask? Come on, I'm being serious. I know you're being serious, and you've given me an out, and I don't need it. I think you're making an impulsive decision here. One that you will regret down the road. Well, 's not impulsive, because I've been thinking about it for a while now. You have? Since when? You remember when I came to visit you in jail? All you could talk about were the good old days at Basic Black you and me, together. I haven't been able to get that out of my mind. Okay. What about Titan? Titan. Titan's a great company. I'm very, very proud of what I did at Titan and what I accomplished, but the idea of hitting the ground running with you and planting some roots and building something out of nothing, that's an opportunity that doesn't come around a lot, and I want to grab it. And I don't want to miss it. Whistles Clears throat I don't even know what to say. You could always just say, " yes. " A while back. I referred to your feelings for Daniel's being in that hasn't changed. You know what, Jack, really, please don't this right now. Please. Look. Daniel walked away. Right? He walked away, but he's still very much here. Right, but you you promised me we agreed that we're not going to have any pressure, right? Remember? I just I think. I should know if there's any future here. I mean, is that really that unreasonable? Jack, I don't even know how to define " reasonable " in this situation. There is something here, isn't there? We agreed to take it day by day, Jack. Ah, yeah, yeah. How could I forget? How What? Are you mad? No, I'm not mad. I'm frustrated. Why? Why? Because I feel like I. I'm doing something. I'm working on myself I'm trying to make myself a better man for you. No, Jack, please don't do that. I-I know that. And that's what I want for you. I-I want you to take care of yourself. But myself there's no me without you. You motivate me. You were what brought me back from all that hell in Afghanistan. I just want to ask you this one thing, Jack. When you planned this whole trip, and you planned for us to have separate bedrooms, did you really want me to say that wasn't necessary? Are you saying was I hoping that you would. take a leap of faith on you and me? The answer's yes. An intension tremor? Now this has always been in the back of my mind, but the chance of this being a reality, that's slim. That's not I'm sorry. I've never heard of intention tremor. it is. It's something you sometimes see in patients with M.S. or people who suffer from chronic alcohol abuse. Yeah, or it could be the result of a minor a stroke? Really? I mean, this is what's happening to me? You got to be crazy. No, this is impossible, Lexie. You have to run more tests. I already have. The results are conclusive. Yeah, but look at him. He's the picture of health. I mean, there's no way he could've suffered some sort of a stroke. We're talking about a very minor stroke. It probably struck while he was asleep, and he wasn't even aware of it. Yeah, that's great. Okay, so going forward, how do we stop this? Tell me how do we stop it. There are a few approaches we can take. Great. What are they? But to treat. What are you saying Lexie? Daniel's condition. Sighs I'm I'm sorry. It's not reversible. You sure you're okay? You know, I heard that a blow to the head every now and then is good for you. Builds character. Oh, I haven't heard that. You know I would never actually hurt you, right? The thought never crossed my mind. Maybe because I was out cold. Laughs I'm serious. Look, Melanie. I know you would never hurt me on purpose. And I hope I would never give you reason to. Hey. Uh, are you sure you don't need any water or an aspirin, because I have some in my purse. I can give you some. Yeah, no. I'm I'm fine. I really thank you though.  Should I brace myself for a lawsuit? Laughs No duck a kick like that, and we'll call it even, huh?  Next time, mate. Here, let me help you up. Ah, thank you. Groans Whoa, are you okay? Yeah, yeah. I'm just a little a little head rush right there. Yeah.  Look, Abigail was signed up for self-defense class. Do you want me to track her down and have her give you a ride home? Ah. I guess news travels about as fast as my reflexes do around here. Abigail and I broke up. What? Um, oh, my God. When? Ah, New Year's Eve.  I'm sorry, mate. It's okay. So are you guys just taking a break? No. we're over for good. Exhales You can't seriously be making a pitch to be my partner. Oh, I am. I'm dead Should get some ideas jotted down. You got a pen, got some paper? Hey, hey, hey. Hold on, hold on a second. Okay, slow it down. Listen, kid. nothing would make me happier or more proud than to go into business with you and rebuild our family's company together. I feel the same way. All right. But if you're just doing this to show me that being my son means something to you, I already know that. I'm I'm not, and I'm glad you feel that way. Look. The fact is, given the state of our relation back to Salem, just standing here right now, having a civil conversation with you is more than I imagined we'd ever be able to do. Why are you why are you telling me this, Dad? Where are you going with this? I could use a partner like you. Hell, that I'm the last thing that you need. Therefore, my answer has to be no. I want us to enjoy this trip. Jack, so do I. You know what? All this all this talk of separate rooms and how you feel or don't feel for Daniel kind of takes the fun out of it, so maybe it would be best if we just set it aside for the moment. That's that's a good idea. Anyway, I'm I'm going to late for my interview with John. Oh, you're interviewing John? Yes, yes. I thought it'd be great to talk to him about being released from prison and getting out. You know, like my connection with my Afghanistan experience. The whole captivity thing. Is Marlena gon na be there? I don't know. Why? Well, I don't know. I was just thinking if she experiences Jennifer, this is an interview, not therapy. Oh, I know. But maybe if she just heard what you were saying, she could help you, maybe help you find closure. Closure? Oh, yes, yes. Closure as in as in. me feeling better about myself so. I don't need you to feel better about myself, so I wouldn't be putting the pressure on you. No, Jack, that's not what I meant. No, it's all right. I want to help you. I know, I-I I said I was going to go easy on you, and I'm going to stick by that. Sighs It's just that some things are easier said than done. (Door-slams) Sighs So it says here there's there's been some success in addressing intention tremors. So that means it's not untreatable. You have to remember there's no have had positive effects. The tremors did stop. But with time, they always came back. All right, so basically the cure hasn't caught up with the problem, right? No, it hasn't. Right. So until it does, what you're saying to me is that my days as a surgeon are over? Clears throat Oh, thank you.  Always. Hey, you know what, you're going to feel a lot better if you get some food in you. Ah, you know what, no. Really, I'm I'm fine. I'm not even that hungry, really. Well, I am, after that class, and I don't want to eat by myself, so why don't you just come for a ride. Um. how about we all go? How about that? How does that sound? Yeah, sure.  Okay, I'll just .  Gabi, why don't you come with me? It would give me a chance to show you how I would like things handled when I'm not here. Sure. Clears throat So, um, am I going to be able to hide this egg on my head with a hat or what? It's pretty big. I am sorry. I know, I know. I'm just a l that I got knocked down by a girl, you know. Boy, I knocked you out. Laughs No, Yeah, uh-huh. If that was videotaped, it'd be an internet sensation. Ooh. Well, remind me to never get on your bad side. Impossible. Well, I'm glad we can still joke around like this, so. We're starting over. Friends. That's the, right? It was. And it's good to have funny friends. But . Laughter Um, I'm sorry. I know this wasn't the workout you were expecting to get. You know, I didn't come here to work out. I stopped by so I could say hi to you. What if Abigail Well, hey, now. I agreed to back off for Abigail's sake. I never agreed I wouldn't see you. You're turning me down right now. Why are you doing that? Because you are making an enormous business decision based on pure emotion. Ah, so what? So you're smarter than that, Brady. You know you are. Titan is a thriving business in a horrible economy because of what you've done over there. And don't you think that's going to hold some weight when rebuilding Basic Black? I'm not going to walk away from everything you built over there for yourself. What if it's my choice? Listen by coming over here and stepping up to the plate today. I can't allow you to do it, kid. It just wouldn't be right. (Knocking-on-door) You're expecting someone? Jack Deveraux. He's writing an article about my release. Do you mind if I stick around? My house is your house, kid. Dad, you know this conversation is not over, right? Sighs Hey, Jack. Good to see you, come on in. Good to see you, too. Oh. Look, if I'm interrupting something, I can come back. No, you're not interrupting anything other than my dad and I doing what we do best. And that would be? Being stubborn. I know how much being able to operate means to you, but you're still a doctor, Daniel. I mean, whether you have these tremors or not, you still have the mind, capability to help people. That's nice. That's really nice sentiment. It really is. Okay, Daniel. Do not say a word. Hat you're going to say, Lexie, all right? But thank you, really. Thank you, I appreciate it. And thank you for coming out. It's very nice. I know you both want to help. I see it in your eyes. I really do. But that's not where my head's at, okay? So I'm sorry, and I'm sorry to you. You don't have to apologize. Not to us. You're in shock. It's going to take a while for you No, this is going to take a lot more than that. A lot more, because me being in the O.R. is not something I can describe. It's not some feeling I have. It's not something I do. It is who Don't, because I can't I won't I won't hear it. I can't hear it. And my intentions are to rebuild Basic Black using the principles that I'm currently using to rebuild my own life. It's quite a goal you've set for yourself. Just last year, Jack, I've had a lot of time to think, to re-assess, and prioritize what's most important in my life. Well, do you have a time line for any of this? Nope, just plan on taking it day by day. Chuckling And you're not worried that that's going to become a problem? How's that? Sighs Oh, come on. I mean, really? You're taking your own money, you're going to try to pay back this pension fund and all that missing money? You're not going to have anything. You're going to be busted. You're . Not necessarily. Are you okay? No. It's all of this. All I keep thinking of is how Daniel this news is tearing him apart. Yeah, I know. It's going to take some time for him to make peace with the diagnosis. If he can. Sighs I really shouldn't have come here today. Why? Sitting next to him when he learned that his career as a surgeon might be over. I just felt like I was intruding somehow in something so very personal. Intrud Maggie. He's your son. He's only been my son in his mind for a little while. He's wanted to be a surgeon his whole life. It's a dream that he shared with the mother who raised him, not with me. Well, you're the mother who's going to see him follow another dream, okay? Who's going to help him carve Sighs Whether you've had a child for 30 days or 30 years, it's hard to see them in pain. Whew. I don't know if I. could have been as strong as your roles had been reversed. Oh. Lexie, I think you're incredibly strong. All the challenges that you've had to face raising Theo. Sighs Yeah, it's. been a challenge, yeah, but, um. he's my baby, Maggie. You know, he's my little boy. I mean, so what? He's different. That's that's what makes him special. And I mean, yeah, he requires a lot from Abe and me, but it's hardly one-sided. Theo has the most beautiful, little soul. Sighs That's a wonderful way to look at it. Your son has an incredible soul. And I'm sure in time, he will appreciate that you were here for him today. son. though, he needs someone else to get him through this. (Footsteps-approaching) Gasps Oh, I'm sorry about this oh, it was my fault. I'm sorry. Groans Laughs You don't have to help me sit down, Gabi. I'm not dizzy anymore. Oh, okay, come on. You can't mess with a head injury. She has a point. I'm going to get drinks. Please, please.  Lunch is on me. Oh, no, no, no. I-I can't do  It's the least I can do after the way you got knocked around in my spa. Ah, but it wasn't your fault. She packs a punch, doesn't she? Who, Melanie?  Yeah. It's, um, it's hard to believe a cute thing like that. You know, I can't believe that Abigail and Chad broke thought they were okay. I mean, even after Abigail asked me to borrow that book. What book? You know the one about relationships? She wanted to borrow it? Yeah. Crazy, right? Yeah. You think it was a mistake we broke up? You and Will? No, me and Chad. Do you think Abigail would mind if I asked him out again? I don't know. I think I got everything. All right, you know you can call me any time to do something else. I'm just happy to have this opportunity to talk about it publicly. Well, actually, I was hoping that this article was going to help spring you from prison, but I'm glad that Carrie and Rafe beat me to the punch. Still, I think there are a lot of people out here who would like to hear your side of the story. Hmm, well, is one thing I'd like you to make really clear in your article. What's that? That I wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for my wife. Her love, support, and belief in me is what kept me going. She was that very bright light at the end of the dark, lonely tunnel. Okay. I relate to that. If you're lucky enough to have a woman like that love you, all I can say is don't take it for granted. Dad, I don't think Jack's writing a romantic advice Hey, kid. All I'm saying is that, you know, we're nobody without a strong woman standing besides us. That's just a fact, guys. I kind of wish I was doing this interview a few years ago. Yeah, and why is that? Well, I-I actually did take Jennifer for granted, and I'm thinking now that I'm sorry. I was on my phone. I was just walking, and I wasn't even thinking. Watching wh walking. I got ta. get going. Happy New year, all right. Daniel, hey. Um, is everything okay? Daniel, I know I probably don't have any right saying this to you, but I still care about you. Okay, don't No, listen. Please, don't. I can tell that something's wrong. Please, I-I want to be here for you. if you want me to be. Just, uh, having one of those days. Yeah? Yeah. Um, why don't you come over here, and. just come over here and tell me about it. Oh, yeah.  You know, you showed some real promise in class today. Really?  Yeah, I mean, twice your size. Laughs True, true, but I never saw it coming, so. Oh, well, I never meant for it to have happened. You're eating these fries fast enough.  I think you got real potential, you know. And if you ever want to work on your technique one-on-one, I'd be happy to help. Yeah. I might take you up on that. Yeah, I hope Jack's okay. Why wouldn't he be? The way I was talking about Marlena, about taking her love for granted. I think I hit a little close to home for him. Well, I'm sure he appreciated the advice. I know it got me thinking. I didn't know I was that persuasive. I'm with Madison right now, but. you know, after all the mistakes I've made, I just think there's something real there, you know. don't want to take for granted? Yeah. I mean, who knows? I mean, in a couple years, we could be lucky enough to have what you and Marlena have. You know, it's just. another reason why you need to stay put at Titan. Forget about partnering up with me, all right? You need to stay there for a lot of reasons. Dad, Dad, Dad. Stop coming up with reasons for trying to derail this idea, all right? I'll work with you. I do. And by the way, my relationship with Madison is not the only one that I don't want to take for granted. All right, all right, all right. Rebuilding Basic Black is a risky venture. There is no guarantee of success. That's why I'm fighting you so hard on this. Don't you think I know that? This is something that you want to pursue? do first. Name it. You're going to talk to Madison. Oh you're considering, and if she's this important to you, you are going to listen carefully to what she has to say. And then you're going to think about it. I'm talking about really spending some time to think about it. Now, the end of all that, if you decide that you want to come onboard of Basic Black, be my partner. I would be the happiest S.O.B. on the planet. Lexie, thank you for talking to me about all this. It's a lot for you to take in too, Maggie. I know. I'm fine. It's Daniel I'm worried about. I wish I knew what to do now, now that we finally have a diagnosis and the cause of the tremors. Professional opinion? Just be his mom. That's the best medicine you could give him right now on, you're an expert at that. Oh. Sniffles Thank you. Thank you. Hang in there, okay? I will. I'll call you. Okay. Bye. Sighs Damn it. Exhales They think you had a stroke? Yeah, yeah. It looks that way. Minor one, so that's a bonus. And what? None of these medications that you could take could help stop these tremors? Well, yeah, for a little while, sure. But long-term? No, not at all. I had no idea this was happening. Well, how could you know? We're not but it's not that bad, it really isn't. There could be somebody somewhere in a lab, maybe just one beaker away from a real cure. Could be. And who knows? I can be the one to discover a cure, right? Got a lot of time Muttering All you've ever wanted to be was a surgeon. Well, I'm still a doctor, right? So. they tell me. You don't deserve this. You don't. I'm so sorry, and I feel like I feel like I have hurt you so much already, and it's not fair, either. I'm Okay, don't say that. Don't ever say that. You didn't hurt me. You saved me. On the next " Days of Our Lives " Your mother knows. Secrets have a way of coming out. There's something else we have to talk about. What is it that she's going to do that's going to break my heart? 
So have you sent those figures to distribution? Yep, and I managed to save 2% on the margin. Good, you might actually have a bright future here. I hope so, Kate. Keep up the good work. Believe me, nothing gets by me. Hey, Rafe. Welcome back. Do you want any help with that? Naw, that's okay. I got it. You do like stir-fry though, don't you? Yeah, I like anything except for carrots. I know. That's why I got one with carrots, one without. Oh, thank you. Yep. So where's mom? Oh, she's working late tonight. Again? Yep. Sighs Yeah, yeah. That's how it is when you start a new job. You just started a new job, right? And you're here. Yeah, I know. But Carrie and I we started our . Ah, don't you worry, though. I'm sure the late nights are only temporary. I hope not. It's so much better when she's out of the house. Hey, there she is. Heave you hear from Will? Hey, first things first. Oh. Chuckles Mm. Now. no, I haven't heard from him. Oh. Hey, what's going on with that kid anyway. Is he all right? Well, it I you know, just girl stuff. Eh, uh. Say, I saw Brady's car when I pulled in. Was he visiting? Oh, he came by for more than just a visit. Brady has just made me a very intriguing proposition. Hey, how are you? Hi Oh, good, you made it. Yeah, sorry I'm late. There were a few things I . I just got here myself. I'm going to lose my don't find someone to replace Sami soon. I d y take a deep breath. It'll be fine. If there's anyone who can handle it, you can. You built a company by yourself, You're unstoppable, you're superwoman. Gags Chuckling I don't feel unstoppable. I'm exhausted, seriously. Well, then, let's have a big old glass of wine and talk about it then. What happened at the office today? Ugh. I'd really eat my fork than talk about work right now. Can we just forget that Mad World ever existed, just for tonight maybe? Yeah, sure. But before you eat your fork, uh, there's something we have to talk about. I don't care, all right? I told you that I want some answers, and I'd like them now. Thank you. So I go down to John Black's press conference, right?  Yeah. So I can be the bigger man, okay? And I'm down by 20 points. 20 points.  Yes, well, maybe it's because you put too much energy in your on a on a felon who has been exonerated. I just don't understand how something like this happens. Mean, I had him exactly where I wanted him, Father. He's in jail The world hates him. He plead guilty to his crime, and now he's the hero, huh? I was supposed to be the hero.  Yeah, well, it may be better to calm down. Calm down? No, I need to know how he did this, Father. How did this guy weasel his way out of jail?  Well, I'm sure it's going to come out sooner or later. What do you mean by You do you think that I failed by not putting John Black in prison for life?  No, you are not to blame. I am the one who has failed you. Chuckles What do you mean? How could how could you be to blame for any of this, Father?  Well Clears throat the way I see it, I could've probably, you know, like, taught you better. You know what I mean? I mean, I probably should have spent more time with you when you were a child and, uh, you know, like, given you some insight into things like this that happen in our lives. Father, what could you possibly have taught me that would have, uh, given me any insight into a situation like this?  Well, I'd maybe it was inevitable. No, listen, a mistake was made, but it wasn't made by me. Okay? Look, 'm taking my frustration out on you and, uh  No apology is necessary. No, it no, it it is necessary. It is necessary, Father, because you. Sighs are the one person who has always been in my corner. Even when you had reservations about this project, you were with me 100%. I'm very grateful for that. Thank you.  Yore welcome, my son. I know it was difficult for you to cross we, to cross back over to the dark side, to share all the information about Mad World, but it's gon na pay off. It's gon na pay off for me, it's gon na pay off for you and your family. That's what you keep saying. You have to remember that it's just business, Sami .. She would do the exact same thing if she had the opportunity. To get the upper hand, we have to bend the Brady lived by. Hernandez. Whatever. On that note, I'm gon na go back to work, Kate. I'm gon na go in my office. Tell you what. You got a lot of work done. Why don't you take the rest of the night off? The night off? Kate, we have to work nonstop if we're gon na get this product on the shelves before Mad World does. Okay, I take it that " time off " was not a word in Madison James' vocabulary. No, not really. See, that's another another good reason for coming to work for me because I believe in rewarding employees for their hard work and dedication. It's good for office morale. So take your things, go home, and see your beautiful children. Thank you, Kate. And about those images on your computer. you don't have to hide those kind of things children as often as you want to because I believe all this work has to be for something, or it's not worth it. Will, I know that you're going through some tough stuff right now, and I'm trying to give you your space, but if you're angry at your mom, you got ta tell her. You got ta be a man. Don't pout around here or make snide comments all the time. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. You're right. If my mom were here, I would tell her to her face how I feel. You hear that? I m Sighs Listen, I really have no idea where this is coming from. Obviously, you are very angry, and I'd like to know what it is that's bothering you. Okay, I'll tell you. All my life, I have stood by and watched my mom go from guy to guy lives. Scoffs I'm not gon na let her do that to you. Okay, I appreciate your concern, but we're fine. Scoffs I love your mother. Why do you think that I wanted to marry her ?' Cause I want to spend the rest of my life with her. Now why else do you think I went to that vow renewal ceremony? She's gon na break your heart, Rafe. Okay, Will. All right. What is it that she's gon na do that's gon na break my heart? What wouldn't my mom do, hmm? She's always out for herself. Will, why don't you let me worry about my relationship with my wife? I promise you, it's all good. Really? Yeah. Don't you see? You're you're you're cooking, you're cleaning, you're taking care of her children., buddy. That's what being married is all about. Hey Hey. Sighs What a day. I am so happy to be home.  Mm. Brady what? I know. I couldn't believe it either, but he's completely serious. He's talking about leaving Titan, partnering up with me to revitalize Basic Black together. And what did you say? I told him he needed think about it. Seriously, there could be a lot of consequences in jumping into a rebuild like this, number one being leaving Titan. that's a big deal. Yeah, but it also means leaving his partnership with, uh, his lady friend, and that is not just a business relationship. I know, I mentioned that to him too. He's gon na have long talk with her before he makes any major decisions. Well, hope you didn't sway him too much. I mean, together- Hey, now don't get me wrong. Nothing would make me happier than to rebuild the company with my kid by my side, but I don't want him uprooting his whole life just for me. Hmm. Brady is a smart man. Yeah. He'll make the right choice. Yeah, I just want him to be happy. What you got? Well, I just, um Clears throat Kinda working on little household budget here. Seeing as how I'm broke, I thought we would kind of organize what little funds we do have. Ooh. You've got $150 for cable sports package? You don't think maybe that's a little much? Oh, absolutely not. You think you can come up with a better way to keep me entertained. Well, now I'm really curious to see just what you have in mind. Chuckles You offered to partner with him and, I mean, I would have to. Wow, I, um Don't you don't think that's a little impulsive, Brady? I know that your relationship with your father has been kind of rocky, so maybe you should really think this through before you commit. Well, that's that's why wanted to talk to you first. I see. To be honest with you, it's not an impulsive decision at all, because I've been thinking about it for a while. You certainly didn't say anything to me about it. Because it wasn't a formed idea in my head. It was just something I'd been mulling over since I visited my father in jail. Wh when I saw him, all we could talk about was the good memories that we had working together at Basic Black you know? And it got me excited about the idea, and honestly, I haven't been able to get, like, my God, partnering up with my dad again that would be that would be great. It's appealing. Ok well, it sounds like you've already made up your mind. I don't know why the hell you're even talking to me about it. Madison, I know how this affects you, and I- I don't want to hurt you, of course. Sighs I don't know what to say. I mean, first Sami and now you. So. well, soon I'll just be, running Mad World all by myself. Mad-hey .. I kinda want to be alone. Maybe you should go. Madison, take it easy. No, you know what? I asked you to leave. Madison, please. Please listen, listen. Nothing's final yet. That's why I wanted to talk to you, so please just hear me out, okay? You're the I stayed, and you're the only collaborator I have ever had, and you wan na leave me high and dry? what's there to talk about, really? Oh, hey, I would n never leave you " high and dry, " as you put it. No? No. Look, I I'm happy for you, I'm glad that you and your father are working things out, and you're getting close again. but honestly, what's in it for him beside a healthy dose of nostalgia? He's been exonerated, Brady. He's a hero to millions of people, so what has he got to prove, and why does he need you to do it? Madison, he's broke. He's put every penny of his own money into trying to repay those pension funds. The man has a family. They require an income to survive. Your dad could make a boatload of cash in Basic Black? Look at it this way. If this very same scenario happened to Mad World Cosmetics, wouldn't you do everything you could to rebuild it? I knew you would. This is very important to my dad. Okay. I understand that, okay? I understand what it means to put everything you have into your company. What I don't understand is why this is so important to you. Say, when are you supposed to hear from Brady? I have no idea. I told him to take his time before he makes a decision. Yeah, whatever he decides, he decides. I'm proud of him one way or another. I know you are. Sure would be nice to work with him. But then again, I know just how good Titan's been for him. I mean, that's where he made his name for himself. Right. And he learned some questionable lessons from Victor's tutelage I wasn't. I don't have any complaints about that. I know. I'm just glad that he came to you with his idea. Yeah, so am I. But until Brady comes to me himself, I'm not gon na allow myself the luxury of getting excited wondering what it would be like if he did say yes. I know. I think it's gon na be just fine. I'm gon na see what we have for supper. Chuckles Let the pregame activities begin. So basically, now that John has decided to pay all this money back to these pensioners, I'm losing my advantage, father. I'm slowly but surely letting go of this election.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't give up, absolutely not. Remember, DiMeras are not quitters .. No, no, listen. I'm not quitting, Father, okay? But I have  Oh. Hello, boys  Well, look who's here. Don't you look perky? That's because I am. It looks like I'm the only one.  Sighs So what makes you so happy? Sami Brady. Hernandez is the one making me smile. What are you talking about? What am I talking about? I hired her. I stole her away from the competition, and it is working out more beautifully than I even hoped. You hired Samantha? What smells so good? You made dinner Look at that I can't believe you made stir-fry. It's my favorite. And what a whole separate pot just for Will' cause he doesn't like the carrots? You are the best. You know what? I can't believe this. A wonderful meal. What a wonderful husband I have. Hey, it's no big deal. You know, you did 're tired from work today too. Honey, honey, honestly, it's no big deal. Are you sure? Thank you for doing this. You're welcome. So why don't you tell me about your day? Oh, well, uh, not to brag, but we did crack our first case. Chuckles Really? Congratulations. Imitating explosions Yeah, nothing earth-shattering, but it'll help pay the bills. You know what's most important? You're doing something you love. What about you, Will? How was your day? It was fine. Okay, well, we got dinner set. It's ready to eat. Maybe afterwards we could, um, you know, play poker or or Monopoly or something, you know? The kids are all at grandma's, so we could have fun, just like old times. No, thank you. Uh, what about dinner? 'll eat some leftovers later. Have fun (Door-slams) Sighs Why is joining Basic Black so important to me? Yes, please tell me, Brady, because I really want to know. My father needs my help. I want to support him. Your father could rebuild that company with popsicle sticks and a nickel,. And you know it. What's in it for you? All right, you're right, he doesn't need my help necessarily, okay? And if I'm being completely honest with you, which I wan na be Yes, would you just honest with me please? That's all I'm asking for. All right, look, you said it yourself. My relationship with my father has been extremely complicated. When the guy came into town, I didn't even wan na have anything to do with him, Madison. And you you encouraged me to reach out to him, and owe you that. No, you don't. I owe you a lot. No, you don't. I'm starting to get to know my father again. And I don't wan na take him for granted anymore. So you want to leave Titan not just to rebuild Basic Black but rebuild your relationship with your father. Basically, yeah. Then what do you want from me? You know, my permission? Come on, you're a grown-up, Brady. You can make these decisions on your own. Madison, I know I don't need your permission, but I care about you. I love what is going on between us, and let me tell you something. If my going to work for Basic Black and partnering back up with my father is gon na come between us, I don't know if I'm willing to risk that. Okay, you've been honest with me. I'm gon I I wanted to merge with Titan because I wanted to work with you because I trust you, and now you're leaving. And I'm I'm glad that things are better between you and your dad, Brady. I am, but this is gon na co between us. How can it not? I understand No, listen to me. Let let me finish. This is definitely gon na put a strain on our relationship, and it's gon na affect my company. But I believe in family first .. always, ok? So whatever you need to do and whatever you want to do, I'm behind you 100%. Samantha? Why would you hire Samantha? She only has one skill, and you can't use it to sell clothes. Sighs Au contraire, my darling stepson. She has proven to be quite an asset. Oh, I see. This is a scheme, is it? Revenge? I'm much too content. So my darling, are ready to go to dinner?  I am indeed. Will you be joining us? Uh, I uh, I would love to, but um  Well, he does have an awful lot of work to catch up, so I know. Maybe next time. Maybe.  All right, ciao. Come, my darling. I wish Will had stayed. I think he would've had fun, you know? You should've seen him when he was a kid playing Monopoly. Man, he Chuckles He would make himself the banker, and then he would give himself these ridiculous loans. And then he would put four hotels on Park Place, and he would smile the whole time. Chuckles Yeah, I don't think pink play money's gon na do it this time. Well, I think he's just wounded, you know, over gon na go out on a limb and say the kid just needs a little time and space. He'll come around. Well, I hope you're right' cause I miss him like crazy. Will? What's wrong, honey? Can I talk to you? Um, alone? Sorry. That's all right. You know, since you canceled my gym membership, I'll be in the bedroom doing my physical therapy exercises if you want to join me. Laughs Thank you. Yeah. Will? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I didn't know where else to go. I can't stay there. At your mom's house? Yeah, I can't breathe when I'm around her. I can't breathe when I'm around her, you know? Yeah, hon, do you wan na sit down? No. You should've seen her tonight, Grandma, uh, letting him take care of everything, and if he knew if he knew the truth, there's no way he would put up with her crap It sounds to me as though you haven't had time to tell your mother what you saw. What is the point? What's the point? It's not gon na change anything. It might help you to get it off your chest. That might make you feel better. I can't, Grandma, I can't. The truth, I told you, is gon na kill Rafe. All right, fine. What if you told your mom, and she found the courage to tell Rafe herself? She would never do that. She would never do that. She is so selfish. And she would make me feel guilty for telling her, and then she would make me keep her secret for life. She's gon na take this one to the grave. Trust, we all have secrets. Your mother does, I do, you do. And we may be afraid to share those secrets, but as your mother knows better than most, secrets have a way of coming out. Will, what I'm trying to say is that secrets have a way of getting exposed and sometimes when you least expect it, but if you're strong, and you're honest with yourself, well, you got a much better chance of having that be your choice. Tell that to mom. She's the one who's lying to everybody. You know to you can talk to me, don't you? About anything at all? Yeah, Grandma. I do. Hey, hon. It's okay, you're safe. I got I got ta go. Where are you going? I don't know. I'm gon na go someplace far away from here. You're leaving I don't know, but I do know. Will That if I don't get away from my mother soon, I'm gon na explode. Wow, I am definitely, definitely full. Ah, yes. Wow. Sighs What was that for? For being the most wonderful, thoughtful, perfect husband in the whole world. If I get kisses like that, I'm making stir-fry every day. Chuckles I got ta say, you have been rather over-affectionate lately. Overly affectionate? Is that a bad thing? No, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. It's just uh You're suspicious of me .. Chuckles' cause you think that it must mean something's wrong. Well, you're right. Ever since what happened with Johnny, when I thought I lost him, it just changed everything for me. Mostly, it made me realize escape me without me making you see, you know, how much I love you. Okay to come out now? Laughs Yes. I think I heard the He's gone. The door slam. You all right? I I don't know, I hope so. Wan na talk about it? I can't talk about it. Oh, yeah, grandma-grandson confidentiality. I got it, yeah. He's just got so much on his plate. I wish I could do something that would make it easier for him. well, you're here. You're listening to what he has say. I'm sure you're giving him good advice. That's that's all you can do. I know. I'm just not sure enough. Scoffs God  This probably is going to sound silly to you, but Harold is not wearing his suspenders. Can you believe it's part of his uniform, for goodness' sake. I don't know, you know, I think he's getting a little too comfortable in our home. Suspenders?  Mm, yeah. Really? Darling, come on. You have been a little distracted lately. Every time you start fixating on minute details, I know there is something else swimming around in that head of yours, mm? So what is it? What's troubling you?   You know, it never ceases to amaze me how tuned in we are to each other. You're stalling. Hey, I-I-if you don't wan na tell me, th-then  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's just I-I-I it probably is better if I confess to somebody, because otherwise I'm going to blow up. Sighs It has to do with Elvis. I mean, the last the last kept a secret from him, Katherine. And then and if he were to know the truth, I don't thi I don't think he would forgive me. Thanks for hearing me out. Well, I'm sorry I jumped down your throat earlier. You didn't jump down I all right, you jumped down my throat a little bit, but Chuckles I dese I deserved it' cause I sprung that news on you out of nowhere. Yeah, you kinda did. I know. I've had some time to think about it though, and I I think it's great. I want you to work with your dad at Basic Black. You mean that? No, I do. I do. When I first started my company, you know, I had ups and downs every single day, and I would've given anything to share that with my mom. Even that I don't I don't wish she were here just to see everything I've accomplished, you know? Or or even just share a piece of fabulous coconut cake in the town square. I'm sorry, Madison. That's okay. You know, don't be. That's my life. I just mean. Gulps I get it, that's all you want to work with your dad so that he can be there, and you can be there together to see the ups and the downs and everything in between. If my mom were here, I'd do the same thing. Thank you. Thank you for understanding. Well, I'm not gon na be selfish about this. You're not moving to Siberia, right? No, no. And also those silly working-together dilemmas just sort of disappear. Oh, gone. I hope so. I'm happy for you, Brady. I . Sighs It's just my grandma. She, um she was just texting to say that the kids are in bed. Your grandma's texting now? Yeah, can you believe it? I'm hoping you thought it was work. Yes, yes. I sent over a super important report, and I'm just really worried. I wan na make sure that it was right, no mistakes. Well, don't worry. I'm sure it was great. Yeah, the adjustment to Countess W. from Mad World is, you know, tougher than I thought it would be. But you're liking it? Yeah, you know, I thought working for Kate was gon na be a nightmare and a half. But I don't know, I sort of feel like I belong there. Well, that's good. As long as you're happy. Yeah, I really think it's all gon na is it? What have you done to EJ?  Well, the specifics are not important. Clears throat Let's just say that I have, um well, I have let my son down, all right? And there was nothing that I could do about it. God, how I hate that Was that why he was in such a bad mood?  Well, I mean, whoa My goodness. Chuckles Here they are, Mr. and Mrs. Black. Yes, free at last. Oh, free at last.  Chuckles Hello, Kate.  What are you doing here? I mean, you haven't come to buy a meal, have you? Because that would be wrong since you're so destitute now. Sighs I have an idea. Why don't you join us for dinner?  Yeah. I would rather starve than share a table with you. Scoffs  Hmm. John we called a truce, don't you? After all, we're old friends. Now Sami's working for me, and Wait, excuse me. Samantha took a job working for you? I don't know why that's so surprising. She's a clever girl. She's already proved invaluable to me. Let's go. Yeah.  Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You sure you don't want to, you know, come with us? I mean, my treat. Oh, no. You've done enough, don't you think?  Aye-yi-yi-yi-yi. Done enough? What did you do? Sighs You have no idea how much your support means to me. Thank you. Mm, I just wish there was some way you could show me. Oh, sweetie. What was John talking about, Stefano?  Those two. They seem to believe that I . You know John. He'll use any excuse he can to blame me for his problems. Yes, I do know John. Sighs But you're not worried about what he thinks about you?  Well, I'd be foolish not to. You know, John is a worthy opponent clearly. He's gon na get his life back. He already has .. I just am glad to know that I am safe with a Phoenix by my side.  Good. What do you say that we go and find the most ridiculously expensive place and have dinner alone? I would love that.  You'd love it? Let's love it. Come. You know, I-I-I can't believe I was so close to Kate, and here she is, deeply embedded in the dark side. No, no, no, no. Don't do that, don't don't let him get under your skin, okay? You me. (Cell-phone-rings) It's Brady. Really? That was fast. Hey, kid. Hey, Dad, listen. Uh, I was wondering if we could have that talk. I have something I have to tell you. Sighs Sighs Wow, it's all clean. I don't know about you, but I'm ready for some dessert. Oh, uh, nah. I'm okay. You probably shouldn't anyway. That's not the kind of dessert I was thinking of. Oh. Well, in that case. Whoa. Sounds good to me. Yeah. William. What can I do for you? I'm gon na leave Salem, and you're gon na give me the money to do it. What makes you think that I'm gon na give you any money? Because I know your secret, and if you don't open up your wallet, the next " Days of Our Lives " What if going through this just tears us apart again? Let me help you the way you helped me. Are you sure that's a good idea? 
Oh, good to see you. Laughing Hi. What's all this? Hi Hey. It's called food. You ever hear of food before? I know Laughs I'm so sorry. We just had lunch. Well, not that I could work up that much of an appetite at her father's. Honey. That's exactly what I figured. Oh It is such a beautiful day out there, it reminded us of the week we spent together in New York. Oh, that was so much fun. And since we couldn't take a trip to New York, we figured we would bring the big apple to you. Oh, so you've got a bunch of angry taxi drivers stuffed in those bags. No, no. I-I have some oh, my gosh, New York Yankees Oh, come on, man. You know I'm a cubs fan, right? Yeah, I know, and it pains knock it off. We heard about your, uh, your lovely time in Paris at the square. Oh, yes, thanks to my wonderful husband and my brothers, it was, in a word, magical. Oh, we're sorry we missed it, but we were too busy playing dead. I can't believe I said that. John, it's it's okay. No, that was that was very insensitive of me. I'm sorry, Lexie. Would you stop? It's all right, okay? You know what? Lexie is absolute this is about the four of us and our friendship. And we're all so blessed. Laughs Really. Chuckles Well, you know, the home pregnancy tests are pretty accurate.  See? I told you, Mama.  You did, yeah.  I did.  You understand, we just want to make sure. Trust me. Um, so I'll do the test. I'll put a rush on it, and you'll know within an hour.  Thank you, Dr. Dan. I can't even believe that this is happening. I mean, we've waited so long to start a fam Oh. Um, hello. Chuckles And then you can pick up the presentation packets for tomorrow's meeting. Something troubling you, William? Oh, yes. Um, no offense, but this job was a lot more exciting before the election. Mm-hmm, I see. It's getting a little mundane? For you, is it? Mm-hmm. Well, don't worry. I'm sure something intriguing and and exciting, something worthy of your considerable talent will be along soon. In the meantime, these little errands that I have you doing help me fulfill my commitment to the electorate, you know, the promises that I made, you're taking those seriously. Yes. Laughs Uh, I just thought you might have some sort of agenda in play here. I always have some sort of agenda in play, William. What is it, to, uh. Imitating EJ Become " Govnah "? No. My agenda is to make sure that I fulfill my promises to the electorate. Hmm. (Cell-phone-rings) Clears throat You're not going to get that? Nope. Not important. Who was it? My Mom. All right, so, Will, this is my 900th message I am leaving. But I'm sitting here at the pub. I'm waiting for you. You can not avoid me forever. Please. please call me back. And please know I love you. So Will is avoiding you, is he? That boy's a smart one. Um, wha hi. We we we  Oh, no. We don't have an appointment. We should go.  No, we just came to see the doctor to get the official word on Carrie's pregnancy. What, you're not sure? You you seemed pretty confident yesterday.  No, no, no. Actually, we are pretty sure, Rafe. I just wanted my wife to see the doctor. Oh.  We we don't have an appointment, so we can just come back later. No, you know what? That's fine. It's fine. Um, I will find a nurse to run the labs. Uh, but first, I need you to come with me to, uh, just fill out some insurance forms, okay?  Okay.  Uh, you know what? Actually, I've got the cards, so I'll go. Sweetheart, you stay here. I'll be right back.  Okay.  a moment alone with Carrie? Oh, um, yeah, of course. Uh, I'll I'll just be right outside the door. Oh, this smells heavenly. I know, and. Oh We even got the clotted cream. Ooh, yum. How are you? Oh, I'm fine, all things considered. No more fainting spells like the other night? Yeah, that wasn't my best moment. Um, but, no, no. Everything's been fine since then. You sure? Or have you gotten used to saying that, and people have gotten very used to accepting that from you? We go back a long way. I know exactly what you're doing. You're putting on a brave face for Abe and Theo and everybody who loves you. Sighs And whenever you're ready to talk about your feelings, whatever they are. whether you want to. I'm here for you. Always. Go away. Doesn't look like this chair is taken. Scoffs All right. What's going on with Will? How is that any of your business? Because I'm his grandmother, and I care about what happens to him. Lucky him. Mm-hmm. You've been at this stalemate for a while, and it doesn't look like it's clearing up. As insightful as ever. Thank you, Kate. Well, I don't think it's about you and EJ sleeping together, because that's old news, and I don't think it's about Stefano letting you run Countess Wilhelmina, because that's not gon na last. Excuse me? Well, Sami, sooner or later, you're gon na fall flat on your face, and he's gon na put you out with the trash. Hmm. Is that speaking from personal experience I think we have learned, that that we put our differences aside when it comes to the kids. And I want to know what's happening with Will. And if you don't tell me, then I'm gon na go to Lucas, or better yet, I'm gon na go to Will. Will finally told me that he's gay. Happy now? William, why don't you tell me what's going on with your mother? Don't act like you don't know. Okay. I won't. Are you angry with her because she spoke to me about your, uh, situation? Yes. She didn't have any right telling you that I mean, you know, telling you about me. Look, the fact that I know is really immaterial. The important thing is that your mother had no intention of hurting you. Your mother had no intention of embarrassing I mean, and and . I mean, it's not like I didn't know. First of all, I didn't say I way embarrassed. No, you did not. That's very true. Listen. Your mother spoke to me because she was upset about the way she handled the situation. You know, and she was looking for a way to make it right. She was. And I just gave her whatever advice I had. Okay, well, whatever you told her, she ignored it completely, because she came back, and it was all about her and how hurt she was I told other people before her. She didn't care about me, and she didn't she didn't care how what I was going through. Well, she's reaching out to you now, though, isn't she? Yes, because she wants me to forgive her so she feels better about herself. And you don't think that's something Rafe's in there with Carrie. Yeah? I just I feel bad, you know, because things are just starting to happen for him, and now Carrie might be pregnant with Austin's baby, so You know what? I think it's best that we just stay out of this, don't you? I'm just saying. And I'm just saying. Poor guy can't catch a break, okay? So. Chuckles Well well, I guess that's why you left me all those messages on my phone, huh?  Rafe, I'm so sorry. Y-you're sorry? Sorry for what? Hmm? Just' cause you told me you loved me. What what, am I to expect that you're not sleeping with your husband anymore? Well, actually, I think it's good. I think it's good that he finally told you. So he talked in Salem to know? No, no, no, no. He didn't say anything to me. I knew that he was struggling with something, and it wasn't too hard to figure out what it was. You really had no idea? No. No, Kate. I was completely caught off guard. How did you know? You seem very convinced that your mother is this, uh, selfish, uncaring monster. I mean, are you not willing to accept the possibility that you could be wrong? She shot you in the head. Well, so did you. Seems I'm sort of a popular guy that way. Okay. What I'm saying is that my I know who my mom is, and she's not gon na change. Well, what happens if this time she does change, William? And what happens if the reason that she changes is you?  Rafe, you know that He's my husband, and I thought that you were You thought that I was sleeping with Nicole. I'm sorry.  So am I. You think that this is what I want? No, of course. No. You you were gon na leave your husband yesterday. Now you're pregnant. Now what?  I don't know. I can't even go there right now. I think you need to start seeing another doctor. I know. I know. I've been putting it off. I along with other things Yeah, the paternity test and Yeah, the the paternity test. It's just it's hard not to forget, you know? And, um, I don't have a lot of time. And I don't have a plan. I mean, I've I've got nothing. Well, if you think of it another way, you actually, all I know is that I am not going to let EJ get his hands on this baby. I am going to protect my child, no matter what. Okay. Your offer is incredibly generous. But. I've come to terms with what's happening to me. And I just want to spend whatever time I have left enjoying my family and my friends, okay? Laughs I just wish ahh. What, honey? I wish I knew. exactly when, you know? If I see you today, will I see you tomorrow? I-I just want to make sure I say my proper good-byes and thank-yous. I completely understand. Yeah. But, I mean, then again, maybe maybe it's good that I don't know, because. Exhales I don't think I'll ever. really be able to say good-bye. Well, I'm sorry we didn't do this more often. It would've been nice or dinner whenever we had the time. Oh, I would've loved that. Yeah. I wonder why we didn't. Things just happen. Life, something comes up, you know. Hmm. That something usually being my father. I didn't mean that, Lexie. I know. I know you didn't. Listen, I-I-I want to say something. I am so sorry for all the horrible things my father's done to you and john. And I know the toll it's taken on you both. We never, ever blamed you for that. I know. I know. And that's one of the things that I am very grateful for, because it's allowed me to have two incredibly amazing friends. We're the lucky ones. Laughs Okay. Laughs Let's make a pact. Mm-hmm? Clears throat No more I'm-sorrys or regrets over wasted time. Okay? Let's let . Deal? I can make that deal. I love you. I love you. I love you. But if you're not even sure you're pregnant, why'd you tell Austin?  I didn't. He found the test. And once he did, there was no stopping him. He was so excited about having a baby. Sure.  Rafe, I'm so sorry that you found out the way you did. Not your fault.  Sighs If the test comes back negative, that's it. I'm telling Austin that our marriage is over, and I'm leaving him. What if it comes back positive? Then what?  Paperwork's all finished. Uh, great, okay. Um, I'll let Carrie know.  Okay. She's, uh she's in there with Rafe? Well, to be honest, I'm not surprised that I picked Because I'm such a terrible mother? Oh, just stop. That's not what I'm saying. Then what are you saying? On the whole, I'm just a more sensitive person than you are. Scoffs Sensitive? Kate, you're about as sensitive as sandpaper. You know, Sami, you should really face it. You're clueless, and you're self-absorbed with your kids, but you're also that way with everyone else. I knew that something was bothering him. Yes. Yes, you did. And you thought it was all about you. You thought it was about the fact that you had slept with EJ. It was. But that's what you were focusing on, the fact that will was angry with you, and you missed out totally that he was crying out for help. Good to know where you stand. What exactly do you mean by that? I, but now I know the score. Okay, what is it that you know? If you're on my mom's side, you're not on mine. Sit down, please. William, I'm not taking sides on this one. I think I have proven to you that, uh, I am somebody who you can trust. Yeah. Okay, then would you please realize that I have always had your best interests at heart? Okay, fine. Whatever. Um, oh, anyway, you should be happy, right ?' Cause your dad is, like, a hero now, because he brought down some big-time arms dealer. Hmm. Yes. Something like that. Clears throat Believe me, I was as surprised as anybody to hear that he was on the right side of the law. Hmm. You didn't know? Why would I? I don't know. I thought it was, redeem the DiMera name. No. No. My father was on his own on this one. Hmm. You don't seem too happy about that. I'm not. It's hardly the first time he's acted without my knowledge, is it, William? I know that you feel guilty because you didn't recognize that your child was in pain, and you weren't there to help him. But I also know it wasn't your intention to hurt him. But I did. Yes. Believe me, I have been there with every single one of my children at one time or another. And the rift always seems insurmountable. But. but then the bottom line is, we're family. And we all love each other. Not all of us. I just pray that Will still loves me. I'm not saying this for your sake. I'm saying it for Will's sake. I know he still you some advice. But the question is, are you going to take it if it's coming from me? He's not in there. Mm-mm.  Mm. Well, where'd he go? I'm surprised you didn't run into him, because he had paperwork to fill out too. You know what, I'll just go tell Carrie that you're here.  Okay. Okay? Hey, Austin's back. And he doesn't know you're in here, and he is waiting for you. Thank you. Rafe. I'll I'll see you later. Yeah. Good luck. " See you later "? I mean, do you think that's a good idea? Scoffs I don't know. I mean Look, Rafe. You can't go near her. Not until Carrie finds out if she's pregnant or not. Well, Daniel said we're getting the test right. Say an hour. Well, did you make any decision about what you're gon na do? No. Not yet. You're afraid, aren't you? That if she's pregnant, she won't leave Austin. (Door-clicks-open) You guys can wait in here.  Okay. Austin-and-Carrie Hey.  Where's Rafe? Uh, he went to get some coffee. Are you okay? You you look a little nervous.  Little bit, yeah. There's a lot to think about. Yeah, like what to eat, what not to eat. You know, um, if everything's gon na be okay. I mean, I'm no expert, but I guess maybe I could I could help you with some of that.  That would be great. You know what? Why don't, um we'll just let you guys talk, and I could use some coffee myself, you need anything?  No, I'm okay. Thanks.  You okay? Nicole?  Yeah. I'm good, thanks.  Okay. Carrie, I know you're hoping that you're not pregnant. But, you know, you're gon na have to figure out a way to be happy, no matter what happens.  Hmm. If I'm not, Austin will be so disappointed. Disappointed? Imagine how he's gon na feel when you tell him you're gon na leave him for Rafe.  What if I am pregnant? Okay, mm. You know what? Um, do you want my advice?  Yes, please. Laughs Just take it one step at a time. Believe me, I know what I'm talking about.  I know that you didn't want Rafe to tell me the truth about the baby, that EJ is the father. Chuckles You're right. I you, and he has been so great to me, and I just I didn't want to be that thing that be that came between you two. But, Carrie, um, please, now that you know, can you just please don't tell anyone that this baby is EJ's. Please. Hmm. As long as we can't go strolling up fifth avenue, I say we go shopping online. What do you say? Ohh, there's really not anything I need sorry. Oh, it's perfect. That's when we want to shop. I think we're getting an inside look at how a woman's mind really works. Yeah, I think that does sound about right. Oh, stop it. We'll find something for Theo. The kind of thing we can only buy for him in New York. Okay, there is that toy store off Central Park. Oh Do they? Yes, they do. Okay. I'm going shopping. Oh, dear. Yeah, I know. What a mess. I'm afraid of that. Be a good guy, huh? All right, okay. Well, we never do get off scot free, do we? You're in trouble, partner. Okay. Chuckles Oh, man. I tell ya. Ahh. Whoop. Yeah. Listen, partner. If you need someone to talk to, or someone to. just not talk to. whatever you need, I'm here for you. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I know, buddy. Thank you. I know. Yeah. I know. Kate, we're talking about will here. I would take advice from anyone. Even you. Well, good, because will is the only reason that I'm offering while, right? Ever since he saw me and EJ together. He won't talk to me. He he won't let me talk to him. And I don't know what else to say. I don't know what else to do. I mean, you and my mom and EJ, you all knew that will was gay, and I didn't. Oh, Sami, it doesn't change who he is. I'm his mother. I should have known. Sighs You would have if you wanted to. What? Look, I-I know you're you're totally fine with will being gay. But I don't think that you were completely clueless. I think that Huffs I think that you just didn't want to acknowledge the possibility because of all of the complications it could bring into your lives. What I did was make him feel more alone. I mean, he won't even return, and he and he's hurt, and he has every right to be. But it's also because he's afraid. Afraid of what? Well, I don't think he would ever want to admit this, but he thinks he's lost his mother because of this, just the same way that you think that you've lost your son. I thought you and your dad did everything together. William, things do change. Relationships can evolve. For me, I just got fed up with my father's surprises and the fact that he was constantly undermining everything that I was trying to do. Oh, uh, wow. I'm su I'm surprised you didn't fire me. Why would I have fired you? Well, I figured that if you ever found out, you'd be furious. Well, I-I don't really think that it was your fault. Well, yeah, but . Mm-hmm. Then why did you? Well, you know. You Stefano made me. I didn't have a choice. Clears throat No, quite. I mean, that's just the latest in a long line of reprehensible things my father has been doing lately. Yeah. But, I mean, I don't know. I don't know how a father can do that to his son. How did you find out, by the way, what Stefano made me do? Think he'll like it. Yeah, me too. Hope he likes red. He likes red. Listen, I just want to thank you both for making today so special. Well, not over yet. What? We got cheesecake. Oh, man. Oh, my god. Yeah, the real deal, too. Check that out. Abe, I think we're out of plates., yeah, sure, okay. We'll be right back. Oh, I'm stuffed. Yeah. Oh. This is the real deal. Mm. Ahh. (Silverware-clattering) Ahh. Sighs Don't know what to say, Lex. Just sorry for what you're going through. I know. You know, I'm not used to feeling this helpless. I just wish that there were something I could do to make you feel better. But I can't. So I just want you to know that. don't you worry about Abraham. I'm gon na take care of him. I'm gon na be there for him. And Theo, I'm gon na teach him that trick to the knuckleball. I'll even take him to a damn cubs game if he wants. Long as it's at Yankee stadium. Well, look at that. You did do something to make me feel better. Laughs the best there is. I am so lucky to have been able to call you a friend all these years. Exhales Exhales Sniffs Clears throat I'm gon na go see if Abraham needs some help. Okay? I'll be right back. Okay. Okay. Exhales I leave, like, five, six messages a day for him. I mean, I feel like a stalker. I'm always just reaching out to him, and he doesn't call me back. I don't know what else to do. What else should I say? He will. Eventually, he is gon na call you. But the important thing, when he does, is that you have to just listen to him. That's it. Try to understand. Accept him. And love him. I do. But he won't let me apologize to him for how badly I handled it when he came out to me. Okay, he will do can trust you again. When? When will he feel that way? When he's ready. Sami, you can't force him to that point at all. But I feel like I No. No. There's no ifs about this. If you want to save this relationship, then you just have to be patient, and you have to be compassionate. And you have to keep your feelings in check. And if you love him as much as I know you do, then you, my girl, can do that. Let me ask you something. Why would you say that was the worst thing that my father could have you do? Well, Nicole, obviously. Nicole. Mm-hmm. What did you do, William? Just some stuff for the election. And, uh, what he You're lying to me, William. I strongly suggest you stop. No. Maybe you, and I expect an answer. I've done a lot for you, William. What did you do to Nicole?  You don't have to worry, Nicole. I'm not saying anything to EJ or anyone. Thank you.  If you want people to believe Rafe is the father of your child, that's between you two. It's none of my business. I know. I I really do hope things work out for you. But just no matter what happens, just make sure that you do what's best for both of you.  Why are you so concerned about this? Well, to be honest, I'm just looking out for Rafe, because he's a great guy, Carrie, and I don't want to see him get hurt again.  Neither do I. Hello.  Hi. That was quick.  Yeah. Before we got to the cafeteria, Daniel got paged from the . Oh, my word. Yeah. Oh. Sweetheart. Lexie? You all right? Oh. Yeah. Yeah, I am. I'm okay. I think we've been overdoing just a bit, huh? Um, no, no, no. No, this has been so wonderful. I-I'm just a little tired. Um, I is it okay if we don't watch videos tonight? Maybe another time? Of course. We'll come over anytime you feel up to it, anytime at all. Okay, thanks. I just whew. I-I think I'm gon na go upstairs and lie down for a bit. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I'll help you out. Okay. Um, listen. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hmm. Okay. Good night. Now you go to sleep. It was great. It was perfect Yeah. Here you go. Just lean on me. Okay. Hold me. Hold me. Hold me. Sobbing Oh. Oh. Oh. Ready to get going? Yes, I am. All right.  Well, Daniel was just about to give us the results of Carrie's test. Oh. Chuckles I guess I came back just in time, then. Awkward laughter I'm kidding. I'm sure you both want your privacy, so Yeah, and I hope the answer's what you want.  No, no, no. You know what? You guys stay. In fact, I want you to stay.  What? Wait  Sweetheart, if it's positive, I-I-I just I want to share the good news with everybody. (Pager-beeping) Uh oh, you know what? I got a, uh, consult waiting, so do you want to  Please, just right. Congratulations. You're going to have a baby.  I knew it. I knew it. We're gon na have a baby. We're gon na have a family, Carrie. You have made me so happy. Thank you. Thank you for your advice today. I won't forget it. You're welcome. I hope you don't. And by the way, just so you know, this changes nothing between us. Of course not. I still have every intention of annihilating you and Madison and mad world. I just love it when you're delusional. Good luck with that, sweetheart. And good luck with will. William, answer me. What exactly did my father have you do? Look, uh, if you tell me, maybe I can make it right. No, um, it's already done, so you can't. You know, uh, I just I'm William, I understand that my father might have intimidated you. But I like you. So you're going to tell me exactly what he had you do. Laughs uncomfortably Okay? Okay. Um, he wanted me to make sure that Rafe found out. that you, you know, and my mom slept together. 
This is really gon na help Abe and Lexie out. What? Brady, what are you looking at? You. Me? Come here. I need to hold you a minute. Okay. How about a couple? Okay. What's up? I don't I've been thinking about Lexie and, you know, what Abe is going through. When we were in that safe house and it was about to explode, and, you know, we were we were together. We were with each other. And Abe, he I don't know. I don't know what I'd do if I lost you. I'm not going anywhere. You have nothing to worry about. I'm here to stay. Oh, okay, I am back. You know, you're gon na be glad to know that when I dropped Theo off, he went right in and started playing with the other kids. And Christopher's mom, she Lex, you all right? Yeah, yeah, fine. Should I get your pain meds? No, no, no, no. No, I-I just had a slight headache, that's all. Come on, Lex, if you're in pain No, honey, really, I'm I'm fine. You know what? I'm gon na call Bo and Hope and postpone for a couple days, just so you can get some rest. No, no, no, no. Come on, Abe, I've really been looking forward to this. You know, sweetheart, if you're not feeling well I'll tell you what. I'll go upstairs, take a nap. By the time they get here, I'll be rested, okay? All right, I'll get you up the stairs. Uh-uh, I can make it, I'll be okay. Listen, Yes, ma'am. Okay, and, um, would you mind putting on a pot of coffee? It'll go great with that cheesecake John and Marlena brought. Are you sure? Baby, I'm fine, okay? All right.   Sarah, of course I'm gon na see you today. You're my number one girl. Chuckles Okay, I'll be there in a bit. Bye. Abigail, I'm surprised to see you. Yeah, I can see that.   What's going on? Nothing. I just wanted to ask if you wanted to have that dinner we talked about, but I can see that you already have plans. Have fun with Sarah.   Sarah? Abigail, wait. Let me explain. Please do. I would love to know why you failed to mention that you have a girlfriend.   I'm sorry. I should've told you about Sarah. Yeah,, I know I can make it up to you. Where are we going?   To see Sarah. Come on. I-I   Come on.  Laughs I can't believe we're gon na have a baby We're gon na have a baby  I can't believe it either.  Carrie, I am so happy that we decided to fight for our marriage, and now all we have to do is concentrate on the one thing that matters our baby. Our family. Uh, well, we're gon na go, guys.  Oh, my God. I'm so rude. I'm I'm sorry. I forgot you guys were standing there. It's okay, it's okay. I mean, this is a this is an exciting time for you.  Well, you guys should know, right? Yeah.  I mean, this is the most amazing feeling in the world What "? What do you mean " what "? Being a father, man. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it is, it is. Stefano wanted me to make sure that Rafe found out you slept with my mom. He knew? My Father knew? Yes. Did you tell him? No, I promise. I-I don't know how he knew or anything. Um, I'm sorry. I-I you know, ask him. I got I excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom. I'm asking you. And I expect some answers, William. You're gon na give them to me, or I'm gon na get them from you. Do you understand what I mean? Yeah, um. okay, so I was at the mansion a while back, uh, working on some election stuff, and Stefano came in and he, uh, pulled me in the library my mom. And then he said the secret was gon na ruin my family eventually, so I needed to do something about it. Go on. Anyway, he convinced me that it'd be best if the secret got out. What do you mean? He, uh, threatened me. Why didn't you come to me? I don't know. I was afraid. What did you do? Um, well, I didn't want to tell Rafe to his face, so one day I was talking to my friend Sonny about everything at the pub, and Rafe came in. And I realized that that would've been the perfect opportunity, so I just made sure that he overheard. I see. Look, I'm sorry about the way things turned out, but I would shut up if I were you, William. You're the reason I lost my wife.  Did you find what fattura. Scusa, I found an invoice that verifies that Santo DiMera hired my grandfather to create a coin. An entire coin.  Good. Well, what about the code? I mean, um, who is this Yvette woman?   I'm sorry, sir, I don't have that information.  Well, go find it. What am I paying you for?   Yes, sir, I'll call you back as soon as  You do that. How could you do that to me after everything I've done for you? I'm sorry. I didn't mean for you to get hurt. I just thought No, you thought, " I'm gon na punish my mother, " and to hell with the rest of us? No. No, Stefano said that Nicole was holding you back, and that she was your weakness. She was my life. And now I've lost her. I've So you ready to go? Yeah. Let's go. Congrats.  You know what? Wait, wait, wait. Before you guys go, I want to say something to Rafe. Okay.  It's no secret that you and I have had our issues. But just, in light of the fact that we're both gon na be fathers, I'm willing to put everything behind us, and we just focus on the future, man. Life's too short. Yeah, yeah. Couldn't agree more.  Right. Congratulations, man.  Thank you.  Thanks. Carrie. We really should get going. Yeah. Okay. Congratulations.  Thank you.  See you, Nicole. Oh, wow. Hey, Rafe. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, so am I. What's this? Oh, ma whipped up put them in the freezer. Oh, she didn't have to do that. Thank her for me. Thank you. Oh, it's our pleasure. So, uh, how you holding up? Chuckles Honestly? The days are the days are okay. I keep myself busy, I get Lexie her medicine and fix her meals. The nights are, um the nights are the worst. Of course they are. You have time to think. You know, I lie there, and I watch Lexie sleep, and I watch her chest rise and fall, and I think I think, " how the hell am I going to do this without her? " Rafe, Rafe. Wait, wait, wait. Look, look. Hey, it doesn't necessarily mean things are over between you and Carrie. She's having his baby. I know, but that doesn't mean they have to raise does. Oh, come on. Come on, listen, listen. Look at me. Yes. I'm having EJ's baby, but I'm certainly not gon na be spending the rest of my life with him. Nicole. What? Thank you for trying to cheer me up, but these are two totally different situations. I mean, EJ's How? Oh, please, go ahead, say it. He's mean, he's nasty, he's evil. Exactly. And Austin, he whatever he is, he's none of those things. I mean, he's a good guy. Carrie's been in love with him for, like, half of her life. There's no reason for her to leave him. Not now. Look, I know you're upset, I'm sorry. But it's not my fault. How is this not your fault? I a choice. You had choices. You chose the wrong one. And you cost me my wife, you cost me my child. And you're gon na regret that for the rest of your life. Would you mind if I just had a little time by myself right now?  Hi. Hi, uh. I will see you later.  I'm sorry. I didn't know you were here. I No, no. Listen, there's no need to explain. You don't have to be sorry. Hey, you should be happy right now. You're having a baby.   I know she's around here somewhere. You know what? I really, really don't want to do this.   Wait. Don't leave. Sarah. Cameron, my angel. Sarah?   How's the new arthritis medicine working out for you? Honestly, I'm feeling just great.   Sarah, I'd like to introduce you to my friend Abigail. Abigail, this is Sarah, one of Lexie's patients. I've been checking in on her from time to time since Lexie took her leave. It's very nice to meet you, Sarah. Likewise, likewise. Looks to me like you found yourself a new dance partner.   Chuckles Sarah, why don't you head to Dr. Carver's office? I'll meet you there in a sec. Okay. Wow. I am completely mortified.   Chuckles Don't be. Seeing you react the way you did made me feel pretty good. How?   Well, now I know you might like me as much as I like you.  Stefano DiMera.   Sir, it has come to my attention that my grandfather also kept records at a country house. Private records.  Then go. I have to know what the code is all about. Groans I just can't bring myself to say it. I know I know it's happening, and, uh. saying the words, it just makes it more real, more definite. Then don't say them. Don't focus on what focus on the now, the time that you have with her, Abe. No, you're right, you're right. Thank you. Thank you both. Aw, you don't have we're here for you, you and Lexie, whatever you need. Well, she just needs good friends like you. And her family, which unfortunately includes Stefano. Yeah. Still can't believe he slipped through our fingers again. Well, you know what, guys? Maybe it was the universe's way of saying Lexie needs more time with her father. And once that time is up, Stefano will be held accountable for what he's done. (Footsteps-approaching) . Honey, why didn't you tell me Bo and Hope were here? Well, we didn't want to wake you up. Hi, sweetheart, ooh. Do you want to rest some more? We could come back another time. Oh, no, no, no. You're not going anywhere. There's so much I need to say to you. Um, starting with talking about my father.  That was fast. Um, it's me.  William. Yeah, uh. listen, something happened, and EJ knows. He knows what you made me do. You have gone too far this time. You destroyed my life.  Oh, stop it. I did not destroy your life. No? Really?  Chuckles No. As a matter of fact, I was trying to steer you in a better direction. What? In a better direction?  Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm You cost me the woman that I love.  Love. Chuckles Sighs Pardon me if I'm wrong, but, you know, you have been in love with a lot of women. And you know, Elvis, that includes Nicole, of course. And when you finish with them, you walked away very happy. Don't you dare trivialize my relationship with Nicole. She was my wife, and we you know what? I don't know why I'm explaining this to you because you don't get it. You don't understand, do you? Because you're dead. Dead.  Tell me something. If you love Nicole so much, why did you cheat on her with Samantha?  I can't believe that this is happening. Can you forgive me? Carrie. Carrie, this is not your fault. Carrie, look. You were trying to make your marriage work. There's nothing wrong with that.  The You know, you're the most amazing, selfless person I know. But right now, you need to stop thinking about other people and their feelings, and you need to focus on you. And the baby.  I just want to be like Sami right now. No, no. No, you do not. No, you don't.  I wish I could just be like Sami. I wish I could be selfish and impulsive. Well, you'll never be like her' cause that's not the type of person that you are. And that's why Austin loves you. Why I love you.   So what'd you think of Sarah? Well, it's gon na be tough, but I think I can take her. Yeah.   Chuckles Seriously, I think it's really sweet that you take the time to take care of Lexie's patients.   Well, when I realized how serious Lexie's condition was could. I'm sure that means a lot to her.   Yeah. I just wish I could do more. Oh, thanks. Um, okay. I want to apologize to both of you for all the horrible things my father has done to you. Lex. Lexie, you do not have to apologize for something that Stefano's done. Well, I need you to know that I don't condone his actions in any way. You know what? Let's not talk about Stefano tonight. Let's just enjoy one another's company. How about I get the cheesecake? Okay. Cheesecake. I love that idea. Chuckles So, Lex, you've got to tell me, what is this? What is all this about Theo and hiking? Oh He couldn't stop talking about it when I dropped Ciara off at the party. It is now his new favorite hobby. cake cutter thing? Uh, third drawer on the left. Oh, okay, thanks. Yeah. Oh, my poor husband. Laughs I've been making lists and instructions for him for when I'm gone. You know, little things like where to put the Christmas decorations and how to tuck Theo in just perfectly at night. And I you know, I mean, I'm sure he'll be fine. I just I just worry about him. You don't need to worry about him. We're here for him, the whole Brady clan. We'll all be here for Abe and Theo. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I, um I need you both to promise me something, okay? Anything. Okay. After I'm gone, promise me you won't let Abe shut himself away from the world. That you'll make sure he still sees his friends and takes Theo to the him feel whole again, encourage him to love again, okay? Lex. I promise. Okay. Thank you. You don't know how good that makes me feel. Here. Thank you.  Elvis, you were unfaithful. You made a choice. And now you're looking for somebody else to blame for something that you did. Yeah. I made a mistake. I slept with Samantha. But it's my life. It's not some little puppet show that's put on for your amusement.  Ah, look. Really, I don't like to see you go through this. But it's for your own good. It's for my own good? You cost me the love of my life.  Really? Well, maybe there's a good reason why you keep falling into bed with Samantha. Maybe it's because you love her more. Don't be ridiculous.  No, I don't why Nicole will not give you a second chance. Will, hey. Oh, sorry. You scared me. You okay? You look like you're about ready to jump out of your skin. Oh, no, I'm okay. I just, um. kind of upset EJ, so Oh, I see. You want a little piece of advice? Run. Get as far away from the DiMera's as possible. Yeah, I wish it were that simple. Do you want to talk about it? No, thanks though. Actually, I got to go. Are you sure ?' Cause Mm-hmm.  Hey, Nicole. Oh  Chuckles Hi, Austin.  Exactly the person that I was looking for. Really? You were you were looking for me?  Okay, not exactly, but you are the one person in Salem that can help me. clothes ?' Cause Carrie's waiting for me at the pub, and I kind of want to get her a you know, a starter gift. Well, I have an idea. I can go with you and help you find something.  You would do that for me? Because honestly, Nicole, I have no idea what I'm doing, you know? Yeah, you'll figure it out. Come on.  Well, hang on a second. I mean, you and I have never had a chance to catch up. So. how are things with Rafe? Rafe's good. I mean, he's gon na be a great father.  Yeah. Well, I do want you to know I am happy for you guys. There was a time that I wanted to wring his neck. But we're both dads-to-be, we both have wonderful women by our sides, and it's just it's the best of life all we're so lucky.  That time we spent together in the safe house, it meant more to me than you'll ever know. Oh, God, please tell me what to do. I don't know what to do. My heart's saying one thing, and my head's saying something else. Carrie. I want to be with you.  But I could never live with myself if I were to break up a family. And that's what you and Austin and the baby are. You guys, you're a real family. You should be together.  I know you're right. I know that's the way it has to be. Yeah.  But I don't I don't think I can stop loving you. I don't know that I'll be able to let go. Carrie. It's the only way.  But how? I mean, Salem is a small town na run into each other all the time. It'll be heartbreak all over again. I don't know. I'll do everything I can to help out. I'll be a hermit if I have to. I'll stay in my apartment.  Don't do that. don't. What?  Don't be the hero. Don't put your feelings aside for me. Well, you agree though, don't you? It's what we have to do.  Will you do me one favor? Anything.  Will you Carrie. I don't think I've ever seen anyone that seasick. Man, I warned you, I don't do boats. Guess not. Not hungry? My head said yeah, but my stomach says no. You know what? If your stomach doesn't want it, then mine will enjoy it. Well, only if you give me a . You know, maybe we should get going. I hope we haven't kept you up too late. Oh, no, no, you kidding? It was worth every single minute. Hey, I got an idea. I got a great idea. I don't know if you'll like it, but I think you'll love it. Yeah? Why don't we plan a sailing trip? Just like the old days. Yeah, that sounds great. That sounds wonderful. Um, Beauregard. Yes, ma'am. I love you so much. Thank you for coming. Love you too. You take care of her, okay? Promise. Okay. And you. I am so lucky to have you as my friend. I am so blessed to have had you in my life. I love you, you know. You're my sister. I know. I love you. I love you. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay.  Grunts Are we done here? No. So tell me. Why did you do it?  Because Nicole is not for you, my dear boy, all right? Nicole is a a oh, I don't know, how do I put this? She is. low-class. You do not have any right to talk about her like that.  You know, when I found out that you two were getting so serious with each other, okay, I took things into my own hands, all right? And even your protge William was glad to help. You're both going to pay for what you did.  Look, why don't you just forget it, all right? Because Nicole has moved on, why don't you do the same thing? Why do you care? I mean, I'm not your son, right  Do you think that just because you are not my son, that I don't want the best for you? Nicole was the best thing for me. And now she won't even look at me because of you. You think you're some sort of God. You're not God. You're the devil.   Can I walk you home? Actually, I'm not headed home.   Oh, yeah? Off to some big party? No, to the library to study for finals.   That is not as fun as a party. Not even close. But tonight was I had a really good time.   Me too. Maybe we can do it again sometime. I'd like that.   Good night. Good night.  Rafe, don't ever forget how much I love you. No. Oh, hey, there they are. Hey.  Hello.  Hi. Yeah.  Yeah?  Hormonal. Okay.  You guys, um you guys want to join us? No, no. No, no, no, you two I mean, uh, you three you guys go, you celebrate together. Family.  Thanks. Congrats again.  Thank you. Thanks.  Thank you. Bye. Okay, see you later.  See you. You okay? Yeah. Stupid question, I know.  Austin, you didn't have to do that.  It's just a it's just a thank-you gift.  " Thank you "?  For not giving up on me. And for giving me the chance to be a father, Carrie. I'll get the menus.  Okay. Oh, Lex, you don't have to do that. I've got it. Uh, no, no, no, Sweetheart. Yeah? Look at me. What? I know what's going on here. You don't have to pretend with me. It's getting worse. I can feel it. My time's almost up. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. Oh, come here, come here, come here. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. You know what bothers me more than anything? What? One of my best girlfriends in the entire world, the woman that I can't imagine not having in my life anymore, she's dying. But instead of worrying about her day in and day out, you know what I'm thinking about? Stefano. Exactly. Damn it, it makes me s it just makes me furious that he's managed to take my focus away from someone I love. I hate that man. Yeah, I know, 's gon na get what he deserves. From your mouth to God's ears. Yeah, I better get going. Don't want to be late for my shift. All right. I'll see you at home. Yeah. If you need me, give me a call. Love you. I love you.  I've had enough of this. Oh, you're not going anywhere until you hear what I have to say.  And what is that? Alexandra wants peace in this family. I'm gon na make sure she gets it. You destroyed my life. So when the time is right, I'm going to destroy yours. 
You told the Quartermaines the truth? We are getting out of here tonight. No, she's not. Radio-announcer The countdown is about to start. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5  Elizabeth   I couldn't let Elizabeth go through with it. It was not your business.   Well, it was E's You know, I have no intention of attacking you. I can think of much better ways to celebrate the New Year. Thanks. Care to join me? I'm not interested in your offer, Mr. Jacks.  What was that? N What do you think?   Happy New Year.  Too bad the next 12 can't be like this.   Who says they can't? We could just make it be our own personal challenge, just to keep it Very smooth, the way you persuaded my grandfather to disinherit his own family and make you the sole heir.  Skye, I haven't done for you, treating your grandfather like that. Imagine what I can do to you if I'm willing to go that far with my own grandfather. Well, if you think that this   Ok, why don't you go be miserable someplace else? We're trying to celebrate here. Well, I don't blame you. It's not every year you get a multimillion-dollar payoff.  What planet is she from?   Remind me never to go there.  Courtney, my client would like the opportunity to get to know you better, and he's willing to provide you with appropriate accommodations for as long as you choose to stay in Port Charles. Your client? This is my attorney, Alexis Davis.  Hi.  Do me a favor and don't try to intimidate us with your lawyer. Courtney and I are leaving tonight. Is that what you want? Ok, so you were right. I was bluffing . New Year's is definitely not the holiday to spend by yourself. (Fireworks-explode)   Look, fireworks. Oh, look. Oh, wow. Look at that red one.   Wow, it's a great night for them. Sonny donated the money to the city. He loves fireworks. Oh, wow. They are so beautiful.   Yeah, they really are. You know, I'm really glad that you're here so we can see them together.   Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Ah, look. Oh, Happy New Year. Happy New Year. This is going to be a much better year than last. I hope so. What about Lucky and Elizabeth? Do you think we should just check on them, maybe? No. Look, this is their problem. You can't fix it for them, darling. You had no right.   Well, I told Elizabeth the truth, willing to do. Do you get this? You ruined my brother's wedding, Gia.   I stopped Elizabeth from making the biggest mistake of her life when you wouldn't. You were about to let Elizabeth marry a guy who didn't even love her. And I know why. Eliza You feel nothing for me?  That's not true. You're a beautiful and incredible person, Elizabeth. Eliza But you don't love me.  Those feelings will come back. I know they will. Eliza All this time. All this time and I came home and waited for you in your bed, and told you that I would love you forever  And I was happy and excited to see you, Elizabeth. Eliza You were going through the motions. Saying all the right words, but feeling. what? What do you see when you look at me? A stranger? Someone you should feel sorry for? What am I to you, Lucky me.   You blame yourself because Helena wiped out Lucky's feelings for Elizabeth. Love doesn't end, Gia. Isn't that what you're always telling me, huh? Lucky's feelings are still there for Elizabeth, all right? They have to be.   Look, I know you feel responsible for what your grandmother did to Lucky. But shoving him into a loveless marriage with Elizabeth is not the answer. Eliza How could you do this? What were you thinking?  I was thinking that you're an amazing person, and I would be a fool to let you go. I was thinking that I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy, Elizabeth. I wanted to marry you. I still do. Eliza Don't say that.  Why? It's what we both want. Come on, Elizabeth. Come downstairs with me. Marry me. Please? Please marry me. That was rude. personality flaws. I assume, to make your evening complete, you expect me to say something rude and walk out. I'm sure you'll do what you want anyway. I mean, isn't that your motto or something? What I want right now is to order a bottle of champagne and share it with you. Sorry to disappoint you, but I'm an alcoholic. Recovering, that is, and I'd like to keep it that way. Well, in that case, would you care to join me for a glass of ginger ale to toast the new year and your stunning victory? N Ahem.  Water is actually better for you than champagne, surprisingly enough. Did you know that eight glasses a day of water not only opens up your pores, but it hydrates your whole body? I'm serious even more so than yoga or meditation N You're babbling, Kristina. See, you know that I'm attracted sister.  I know. Ok, to to putting last year in the rearview mirror and starting fresh.   All right, and to your club soon to be the hottest place in town. Ooh, yes. And to you. May the perfect woman walk into your life this year.   Why not? Oh, don't be so cynical. Carly? Hey. I'm in here, in the office. Ooh Hey. Well, this must be my lucky night. I I've been meaning to ask Zander why he took my daughter straight to Sonny. What are you really up to? It doesn't matter that you're supposed to be my brother. You don't know anything about me. I know how easy Mike is to love and how hard it is to find out that his love counts for nothing. Daddy didn't say anything about me? No. Then wants to go. Running is Mike's way out. You're stronger than that. How do you know? You went to the Quartermaines' tonight, right, and you told the truth. You did what you had to do to clean up your mother's mess. That told me a lot.  Courtney and I are leaving tonight. She has other options now.  She doesn't want any part of you. Why don't you let her answer for herself, Janine.  You know that I like you, Ned. I mean, I more than like you. I think you're great. N But?  You almost married my sister. And I have spent the past couple weeks living with you and living with her, trying to get you two back together. N Alexis and I are over. She knows it, I know it, and now you need to know it. You also need to know that I be her sister, but in spite of it.  But, you see, I didn't go out with you in spite of it. I just went out with you and I ignored it, and now I just think this was a mistake. N Only if you're sorry we kissed.  I don't know how I can answer that. N Because it's very complicated for both of us. But I like you. And I would like to proceed from here. So what do you say?  I say that we go dance.   You shouldn't let Skye Quartermaine get to you, you know. Nobody believes you're working her old man for money.  Just can't believe this is happening again.   What are you talking about?  It's nothing. Aren't we supposed to be enjoying ourselves? Why aren't we dancing? Come on.   Let's dance. To staying unpredictable. With profitable returns. blackmailing my grandfather, because it made you money? More or less. So then you're not the saint that everybody thinks you are. Whoever said I was a saint was sadly misinformed. Because you're ruthless, driven, even a little dangerous. I can be, but I can also be a good friend. I have no intention of double-crossing you, Skye. But I do expect you to reciprocate. So, friend, you have to have a New Year's resolution, hmm? I mean, there must be something you want besides money. Yeah. I have a few things. Me, too. You know, I understood when you said you felt your heart was closed off. I've felt that way. How about we give each other a good swift kick in the rear, hmm? Keep each other from getting predictable. It's something to be considered. To both of us.  Sonny he's gone to a considerable amount of trouble on your behalf. By walking out five minutes after he met me? I'm here now. You still haven't given me a reason. Is it to get back at m our dad? I mean, it's obvious you don't like him much. I have no use for Mike after what he did to you, but I had no use for him anyway. So it doesn't really matter. When you walked out, you looked right through him the same way you looked right through me. I saw you, Courtney. Maybe. But you sure as hell didn't seem to care about me.  All right, there's her answer. Courtney's going with me. No, no, I am not. I would rather sleep on the streets than stay with either one of you.  Courtney, can I speak with you for a moment? Maybe I think she's had all the perspective she needs from you people.  Before you decide to do anything, how about just five minutes? All right. Five minutes. You know, Elton used to be a wedding planner. Maybe I could ask him how long the guests are obligated to stand around in the kitchen before it's polite to go home. If you want, I'll just chase them out now. I don't want Lucky and Elizabeth to come downstairs and see that we've canceled the wedding before they decided to. Fine. Maybe some of this has to do with Helena, but the fact is I want Lucky to marry Elizabeth because I believe in what they have, Gia.   What they have is gone, and it may never come back. You know what? I need to go see my brother. Ok?  When Helena was winning, and my parents were locked underground, I didn't know apart at the seams. And then I thought of you. You held me together. And you promised me that you would be in my heart forever. Eliza It was a fantasy, a dream.  No. It was you, Elizabeth. You saved me. Don't give up on that. We can get that back. I believe that with my whole heart. Eliza And what if we can't, Lucky? Where does that leave us? I don't want you to marry me to make me happy. I want you to be happy. I want us to be happy together. I just want you to love me.  I want that, too.  I want that, too, Elizabeth.  We can fall in love all over again. Eliza You're honestly ready to go back downstairs and marry me?  Right this minute. Eliza See, that's what I love about you. You're always willing to do what you think is say it like it's something that I don't want. Eliza You don't love me, Lucky. Marriage is impossible without love. I would come to resent you. You would resent me.  No. Eliza The wedding is off.  You're right. You're right, Elizabeth. I was an idiot to think that I could just pretend that nothing happened. You know, Nikolas even told me that I shouldn't push this, I shouldn't rush the wedding. Eliza Then why did you?  Because I didn't want to see this look in your eyes. Eliza I'm all grown up, Lucky. I don't need anyone, including you, protecting me from the truth. Now, could you please go downstairs and tell everyone that we've decided to put things off?  Are you going to be ok? Should I bring your grandmother up here? Eliza No. I'd rather be alone.  Ok.   You must and for waiting. I'm sorry. There's not going to be a wedding tonight. After speaking with Elizabeth, we realized that we rushed things. We're fine. We're fine. We're just going to we're going to take a little bit of time, that's all. But when we do get married, we sure would like to have all of you guys here with us. Thank you again for coming.   Well, thank you for having us. Amy, can I walk you to your car? Why, yes. And let's both walk the Reverend to his car.   Yes. Let me allow me to get your coats.   Thank you. I love you, honey.  I love you, too, mom. It's ok. Everything's going to be ok. I'm proud of you. You want to tell me what happened?  Well, we just called things than that. Ok. Well, I want to help you if you do want to talk about it.  I need to get some air. Ok. (Lucky-sighs)  Ok. Lucky, I am I am so sorry. Did you have any idea who Courtney was?   No, of course not. She came to me looking for a woman named Janine, so I took her to Sonny because he knew where to find Janine. Did it ever occur to you to call me first? Ok, enough, all right? Zander told you what happened. Yelling at him isn't going to make it any different. Yeah, but if if he had if he had brought Courtney straight to me, I could have made it easier for her. I could have told Sonny in my own way. Ok, well, going back over it isn't going to change it. Look, you know what? I and look, we can talk in the morning. Ok. All right, if that's what if that's what you want. Ok, there is more to this than what you told Mike. Have you been lying to me? You didn't have to work very hard to get Courtney away from Mike because she knew from the gate he wouldn't go looking for her. But I will. And I'm telling you right now, don't even bother trying to disappear in the middle of the night.  You're a cold one, aren't you? Courtney was right when she said that you could look at a person like they weren't even there. And if they don't like it, what do you do? You send in your lawyer to fix everything. Alexis is trying to help Courtney.  By putting the screws to her? That's not what this is about and you know it.  argue in his best interests, which would be persuading you to stay. And as his friend, I'm asking you to stay. Legally, personally, you can do whatever you choose. Ok.  Here's my card. You can call the bar association and have me checked out. They'll tell you I'm honest and in good standing. Maybe I will tomorrow.  In the meantime, Sonny does not have an ulterior motive. He doesn't need you to make him rich. He doesn't need you to make him powerful. He doesn't even need you to make him punish Mike because he's perfectly capable of doing that all by himself. He just wants to get to know you, Courtney. And I would imagine you want to get to know him as well. I don't even think he likes me.  Well, if you run away, how are you ever going to find that out? I'm notn't have to stay with Sonny. You can stay with your mom or he can put you up at a hotel. My sister and I live right across the hall. You can stay with us. I'm sure your sister would be thrilled.  My sister probably would be thrilled. She's a cool person. Is she a lawyer, too?  No. She's a jack-of-all-trades. She's been all over the world. My sister and I were separated for a long time. And us coming back together was probably the best thing that ever happened to me. If you give Sonny a chance, you might be able to find that out. Are you sure your sister wouldn't mind?  I'm positive. She'll probably think of this as some sort of karmic destiny. You'll like her. Everybody does. All right. I'll take you up on the offer for now.  For now. N Give me 'm not going to bolt. N From the party?  From you. Although that has no implication that anything's ever going to happen between us. N Would you just stop talking, or I'm going to kiss you again.   You had enough of this public celebrating?  You know, I think I'm ready to celebrate alone with you.   You're reading my mind. Very smooth, Mr. Jacks. Yeah, not bad for a couple of default dance partners. Well, you work with what you got. What are friends for? This could be a great year.   Elizabeth, I really wanted you to marry Lucky. I swear, I did. After seeing you in your dress and thinking all of your dreams were about to come true, I just couldn't stand by and let you build your life on something that wasn't real. Look, I know you don't believe me. I said nothing Eliza I'd rather not have this conversation right now.   Is there anything I can do? Eliza Yeah, I can't get this dress off.   Here, let me. You're all set. Eliza Thanks. I just want to be alone.   Sure. So, how's Elizabeth?  How do you think? Lucky, I should have never told Gia.  Don't put this on Gia. Well, it was almost a beautiful wedding. If you go for that sort of thing. Well, that all depends on who's tying the knot. Hey, why don't you help me clean this stuff up? Otherwise, I think I'm going to be tempted to go eavesdrop on my sons. Come on, darling. Lucky can take care of himself. I know. It's just a little bit hard for me to do nothing. Well, then don't. even decided to get married. Their plans may have fallen through, but ours don't have to. You want me to go with you? The sooner, the better. I just what if Lucky needs us? Darling, I hate to break the news to you, but he's a man and he can take care of his own love life. So, what do you say? Let's go tonight. Tonight? Well, what about LuLu? Your mother's already agreed to take Cupcake, so you got nothing keeping you here. Please say yes. I promise, you'll be glad you did. Look, if you truly wanted to help Mike, then you would have called him the minute that Courtney mentioned Janine.   Whoa, whoa. Sonny had been home for days by the time I met Courtney. I figured Mike's problems are already taken care of one way or the other. Besides, how was never told Sonny about? You have a point.   Yeah, I have a point. Look, I only agreed to help Mike because you asked me. And I should have turned you down. I'm loyal to Sonny. You know that. Oh, is that why you showed up here tonight? Huh? Did Sonny make you cancel your date so I wouldn't spend New Year's alone?   No, I I came on my own because Mandy was the date from hell and I knew you were by yourself. And and I like you, Carly. Well, I like you, too.  This is my apartment. I have a copy of the lease if you'd like proof that I live here. And you should know that this not a ruse to trick your daughter into staying with Sonny.  Ah. Yeah, I'll see a copy of the lease. Please, mom. Will you give it a  All right, but come here and give me a hug. Good night, baby. Good night. Ok. Let Johnny know if you need anything.  I can't believe I'm doing this. It's not like I have any choice or anything. You pretty much get whatever you want, don't you? Why wouldn't I want to protect my sister?  The kitchen is that way, not that you'll find anything in it. I don't cook. We order out of here. And the bedrooms are upstairs. You do that a lot. Do what? Eavesdrop. Oh. Eavesdroppers hide. I was standing right in the doorway. Ok, then. You sneak up on people and listen without them knowing. I'm polite. I try not to interrupt. And if you happen to hear some private information, that's just a fringe benefit, right? Well, the nuns, give me an easy life. Are you hungry? Would you like you want me to cook you something? Uh I'm pretty tired. All I want is to go to bed. Upstairs?  Yeah, second door on your right. I'll find it.  Ok. Thanks for letting me stay.  You're welcome, Courtney. The smartest thing I ever did was hire you.  Happy New Year. Happy New Year. I don't I don't know why I'm standing here defending Gia. I guess she thought what she was doing was right, no matter the consequences. I was the one who chose to confide in her, even though I didn't let down, the same way I chose to play along with Helena. I wanted to save you, Lucky. You know, I wanted to give you back to Elizabeth free and whole so you guys can have your life together, was wrong. And I swear to you I will do everything I can to fix this.  There's no point in second-guessing yourself, what you did and why you did it and who you told. And I'm not really interested in hearing how rotten you feel about it. That's fair.  I made the light I made it go out in Elizabeth's eyes tonight. I hurt her so badly. I crushed all of her hopes and all of her dreams. How do I get that light back? So what do you say? Shall we go? I feel a little uncomfortable about walking away from our son when he's just been left at the altar. Darling, the last thing he wants right now is sympathy from his mother. He'll work it out. Prove that you believe he can. Come with me. Ok. 